                          TRANSCRIPT
ideas about conserving groundwater. I think part of this discussion is just
recognizing the desire to connect, I think, our environmental programs with
our construction rules, which we do in a lot of areas. We're also kind of in
new territory with a severe drought that could be a very long drought. Our
current construction rules were developed during normal rainy years. I think
our challenge from a policy perspective is how do we assign value to water
that has been viewed as construction waste, and we're now wanting to
conserve and get value out of it. I very much appreciated the letter from
Rene Wood. I don't know if Staff saw that letter. I'd appreciate it if you
guys could review and consider—she had some detailed clarifications, I
think, to the notice which I think they just added clarity. If you could take a
look at that. Also I think somewhere it said that the hydrology information
would be available publicly, and I hope it'll be online so that it's accessible to
people. Personally, I'd like to go further. I just wanted to say I think this is
an important step, so I will support the Motion. I look forward to moving
forward with Tiers 2 and 3 and having those discussions. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: We have no more speakers. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'll be very brief. I'm going to support the Motion
too. I think this looks fairly cut and dried actually. I do think the Save Our
Groundwater group's reading was interesting and useful. My question is
really about can you comment a little bit on what your expectations are for
timeline. I mean, I think this can be pretty hard. Let's say that at the end
of this process we did want to implement some of these things in Group 3 or
in the Save Our Groundwater like limit the number of months you can pump
and so forth, what is your best guess as to what timeframe we would get to
actually doing something? Do you think it's six months or do you think it's
the start of the next construction season or you think it's three years from
now? Any thoughts?

Mr. Bobel: We're committed to coming back to you the first half of the
calendar year on the Group 3 activities in general, which is probably what
you're most interested in. The Group 2 stuff, I think we're moving as fast as
we can. It's a more technical work with the Water District. What you're
really interested in is the Group 3 stuff. We will come back the first half of
the calendar year to have a discussion with you on that. Then, I think it's
just going to depend on what your direction is, how difficult the items that
you direct us to look into will be. I think it's very hard to predict beyond
that.

Council Member Filseth: If you had to stick a finger in the wind, then you're
thinking sort of mid-2017 would be the kind of timeframe?


                                                                          Page 65 of 125
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/1/16
