                             TRANSCRIPT
     iv.        Consult with stakeholders on potential methods to fund
                alternatives to offsets, including methods involving voter
                approval; and

     v.         Within the constraints of Proposition 26, Return with a set of
                options to reduce natural gas usage within Palo Alto including
                electric appliances and streamlined permitting for such
                appliances, and potential programs to reduce fugitive natural gas
                emissions both indoor and outdoor; and

     vi.        Exclude purchases of natural gas offsets from landfills that
                receive recyclable organic materials that would be excluded from
                landfills under best practices.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0

9.         Approval of an Agreement With the County of Santa Clara With
           Respect to a Tobacco Retailer Permit Program; and Discussion and
           Potential Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Chapter 9.14 to Restrict
           Smoking in Multi-Family Housing.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is approval of an agreement with the County of
Santa Clara with respect to a Tobacco Retail Permit Program and discussion
and potential adoption of an Ordinance amending Chapter 9.14 to restrict
smoking in multifamily housing.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Phil Bobel, Public Works. We
don't have a slide show for you. We've been through this, mostly with the
Policy and Services Committee, and now it's back to the full Council. The
item has two parts. The first part relates to a program to permit and restrict
the sale of tobacco products. The second part is restrictions on smoking in
multifamily units and in the common areas for multifamily. I won't take too
much time, but just to divide up into those two parts and to come back to
the first part first. We are presenting you with what we think is a real
innovative partnership with our County to have the County run the program
for tobacco retailer licensing in Palo Alto. This would be the first city in the
county to be operated this way. The County operates a program in the
unincorporated areas of the county currently. There is precedent in other
counties but not ours for the county running a program in a city. We're very
excited about this agreement with the County. I think Nicole—I didn't have
a chance to find her. Is Nicole Cox here? Yep, there's Nicole. Come on up
here, Nicole.     Nicole is our County representative.      The only County
representative tonight, I think.

Nicole Cox, Santa Clara County: We have one more.
                                                                           Page 49 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/5/16
