                          TRANSCRIPT
appropriate speed? In these cases, because they're local streets and folks
should generally be operating under 25 miles an hour in order to safely
operate around cyclists and pedestrians, we elected to be somewhat
aggressive in our traffic calming treatments.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You didn't quite answer the question, or maybe you did
and I just ... What I heard you say was this—you didn't answer the question
if it's more dangerous, but the implication is it is. If people are driving—if
you go over a curb at 25 miles an hour, you could still hart a pedestrian. If
you're not paying attention—obviously when you go over a speed bump and
you're not paying attention, you then pay attention and you then slow down.
If you hit the curb because you're not expecting it, maybe that doesn't
happen, but it seems to me intuitively it could. Even if you're doing 25 and,
in fact, maybe you're doing 30 miles an hour, people do that sometimes.
I'm just wondering if there's a safety issue for going up onto someone's
lawn. If you hit the curb even at 25, 30 miles an hour, can't you do some
damage? I think you could.

Mr. Louch: I think the advantage of the curb extensions really is that you're
more likely to slow people down. People are going to be distracted driving on
a wider street and likely driving faster anyway. All the things that you say
could be true, but they would be just as true or more true on a wider street
where they could also take the curb and go up and hit a pedestrian. This
actually creates a buffer and it's more likely that they'll be going slower.
Yes, it's true that people could not be paying attention. I think there's a
certain likelihood of that when people are driving. If anything, this draws
their attention more to need to be paying attention.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Am I misunderstanding? The way it looks on the map
is that there's no curb extension, the street is the wide street. Driving along
the wide street and then suddenly there's a curb extension, and then
suddenly you're like looking at it.

Mr. Mello: The curb extensions are in a parking lane. You wouldn't be in the
path of the curb extension unless you were driving in the parking lane.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I misunderstood that. I though it narrowed the actual
width of the road a little bit.

Mr. Mello: No. One of the benefits of the curb extensions is if the parking is
underutilized and you effectively have a street that's twice as wide as it
needs to be when there's no parking, the curb extensions kind of make that
parking lane permanent and get people driving in the center of the road at
all times of day.

                                                                        Page 31 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
