             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                                May 2, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:09 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
           Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.   Safe Routes to School 10-year Anniversary Update.

Mayor Burt: Our first order is a Study Session on the Safe Routes to School
10-year anniversary update.

Sue-Ellen Atkinson, Parking Operations Lead: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and
Council Members.      Sue-Ellen Atkinson, Interim Transportation Planning
Manager. We're here tonight to present on the 10-year anniversary of the
Safe Routes to School partnership in Palo Alto. We're thrilled to be here and
to share this information with you tonight. Tonight, we'll be going over a
timeline of the program in Palo Alto, details on the Safe Routes to School
partnership as it pertains to our City, the five Es related to Safe Routes to
School and how they're implemented in Palo Alto, and then the next steps
for the Safe Routes program. With me tonight, I have Sylvia Star-Lack,
who's our Safe Routes to School Coordinator. I'll turn it over to her now for
the presentation.

Sylvia Star-Lack, Safe Routes to School Coordinator: Thanks, Sue-Ellen.
Good evening. Biking and bike safety education have a rich history here in
Palo Alto. I wanted to start with the photos on this slide. The article on the
left describes a 1956 bike rodeo that was hosted by the Palo Alto Police
Department. The photo on the right is a picture of Palo Alto High School
students waiting to cross Alma Street at Churchill Avenue. It looks that way
today but with helmets. To give you an idea of how we came to have Safe
Routes to School program, I've put together a very brief history highlighting
key time points.      The Staff Report includes additional details.       The
development of our modern Safe Routes to School program was a response
to dynamics set in motion in the 1970s when the Palo Alto Unified School


                                                                     Page 1 of 135
