                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. The Cities Association had a meeting and
voted to support a regional minimum wage, which Mayor Burt will get more
information. It's late. I don't think I could explain it all. I was just
appointed to the ALUC, which is the Airport Land Use Commission.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things. First, I was hoping for an
update on when the minimum wage for Palo Alto would be going back to
Policy and Services and then ultimately coming to Council. I want to make
sure we do leave our businesses time to adjust to our planned escalation to
$18 by '18 and any interim changes. Also, I wanted to mention that I
attended a vigil last night at the Billy DeFrank LGBT Center in San Jose late
yesterday afternoon. It was well attended and included a few of our County
Supervisors and other electeds from around the region. Showing support for
our LGBT Community.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to say Council Members Scharff,
Filseth and I attend the community meeting on airport noise last week. We
had about 100 attendees. I think Cash did a great job moderating the
meeting, keeping things moving forward. We had several members of the
select committee there including Joe Simitian. The select meetings, I think,
are coming up starting next week. The 15th. Council Members Holman,
Filseth and I participated in the Stanford commencement over the weekend.
It was pretty interesting. Ken Burns spoke quite a bit about one of the
candidates running for presidential office.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was just wanting to adjourn our meeting this
evening in support of the community of Orlando and the tragedy they've
been facing.

Mayor Burt: On that note, the meeting's adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 12:10 A.M.




                                                                          Page 100 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
