                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: All you're really asking us to do is pick a color?

Mr. Keene: We would like the direction on "2" also with this understanding
that we're not going to—I want to make it clear we would not be unilaterally
going out and soliciting bids without coming back to the Council with the
results of our analysis.

Mayor Burt:    Recommendation Number 2 is to have us vote on guidance
basically.

Mr. Keene: We would be continuing to analyze them but, as I think it says,
with a preference for the single space monitoring in the Downtown and when
the funding becomes available, as part of that, some of the kind of analyses
that you are suggesting in cost comparisons and those things. We'd be
developing them, and then they'd be taken further by our consultant
working on the Parking Management Study.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm ready to make a Motion. Let's begin with the
easy part of it which is to direct the Staff to solicit bids for construction for
the Downtown parking wayfinding design in the green color scheme. I'm
making the Motion; I'm calling the color. We can alter it if necessary.
Secondly, Jim, you're asking us to direct you to or not direct you?

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) Staff put it with the clarification we would come back
before we would be soliciting bids.

Mayor Burt: Why don't we break this up? Let's just see if—do we have a
second on the color?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to direct Staff to solicit bids for construction for the Downtown
Parking Wayfinding design in the green color scheme.

Mayor Burt:     Can we vote on color without a great deal of additional
discussion?

Council Member Kniss: Let's try it.

Mayor Burt: I've cleared the board. I see no lights. The Motion is ...

Council Member Kniss: Karen wants to speak to her second.

                                                                          Page 70 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
