                         TRANSCRIPT
way to frame it, because I don't want it to be just nebulous. I want it to be
a focused goal. I've probably looked at this as much as anybody on the
Council. I don't think I could come up with a good estimate as to the
Citywide outcome that we could get from whatever assumptions we make on
the dollars of a tax and parking and other funds combined. Say we were to
hypothetically say that we would get $5 million from a tax and $1 million or
so from the parking and another $1 million from the County, maybe $7
million a year, who knows what the number is. If we gave a budget and
said how much trip reduction can you get from that, that would be one way
to approach it. Another one would be to say we want X percent single
occupancy vehicle reduction, how many dollars will it take. I'm torn on
those things. I've presented more issues than solutions. I think it's
important to frame these. Let me rattle off just some thoughts I had on a
possible set of stakeholders that add up to 15. I'm open-minded; I'm just
putting this out as a placeholder for discussion. If it was a Downtown TMA
representative, a Stanford Research Park TMA representative, a Stanford
Hospital and Shopping Center representative, a property owner, a small
business owner or representative from elsewhere in the City meaning
outside of the Research Park and Downtown, a medium or large business
representative from elsewhere in the City—we've got a lot of employees
outside of those areas—a transit advocate or expert, a biking advocate or
expert, a representative of nonprofits, a representative of affordable
housing, a School District representative, and then three residents
representatives that are not from one of those other areas. I should
mention that the transit, biking, nonprofit, affordable housing and School
District, I would hope that those would also all be resident representatives,
kind of wearing two hats. Within the other resident representatives, one
from the Downtown areas either North or South and two others from
elsewhere in the City. There's a question of whether we would want ex
officio members or official members beyond that. We could have a PTC
representative. We have workers in Palo Alto who come from a lot of
communities, but certainly from service workers, I think, the demographics
show that East Palo Alto is probably the highest percentage, certainly for the
hospitals, and many of our Downtown workers and Stanford Shopping
Center. Whether we would want to invite as an ex officio member an
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) representative. If we see that
transportation, getting that between East Palo Alto and Palo Alto is one of
our best trip reduction methods. We need to collaborate. It would be a
good thing to do there and just be another opportunity to be collaborating
with East Palo Alto rather than kind of presenting things after we've decided
on them. I didn't want to put all this in a Motion without seeing whether it
resonated with others or if people instead want to go other directions.
Council Members Holman and ...

                                                                       Page 98 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
