                          TRANSCRIPT
into that. I really think that they're one area in terms of retail. I think we
want to look at how Emerson Street goes down there, how that connects to
Whole Foods, and how we build that whole retail corridor and do that. I
want Staff to look at those two in conjunction. I definitely want to focus a
little on the Downtown area. As part of that, I want us to actually look at
how do we change the uses. I clearly think, as Council Member Holman
mentioned, Institute for the Future is not a retail use. I also think the Wells
Fargo building is clearly an office building on the ground floor. I realize it's
been there forever. I think we need to amortize it out if it takes 15 years or
20 years. We need to get that in Motion, so eventually that is no longer on
a prime corner a non-retail use. What else did I want to say about the
Downtown? I think we should also on the Downtown obviously look at
adjusting those boundaries. I agree with Council Member Holman that we
want to consider the definition of basements, those four items you have on
Slide 10. I would be very supportive of including those. At the same time, I
think we want a second Ordinance, which you've talked about, which would
continue the retail protections. Unlike Council Member Holman, I am not
going to support a Motion that doesn't have more flexibility. The standard of
a Constitutional taking is extreme. I don't think I can support something
that extreme in the long term. I also would like to see, at least for the
outlying areas, if we can come up with a definition of where you have what I
would call the Downtown core and then the outside areas, which would be
like 100 Addison frankly, and other places where you have a broader
definition of retail.    That broader definition should definitely include
educational uses and may include other things. I might even be open to
medical office in a permanent Ordinance or something like that, something
that activates the area, that serves the public. I think we could have a
broader definition there. On the interim Ordinance, the only change I
probably would make—I think it might give immediate relief to some
people—is the notion of an educational use. That actually would be really
helpful for those broader uses outside of the Downtown core. I would like to
obviously see a Motion that goes forward on those issues. The only other
thing, I think, we might consider is making a distinction on retail uses. As I
said, on the outside of the core, I think they're different. I think depending
on how much Staff time Staff has, I don't think we need for instance—I don't
know if we allow nail salons on University Avenue. I think they could be on
the side streets as opposed to that. I think that's sort of where I am on this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I kind of want to frame this by going back to the
question of what our overarching goal is. I think our goal was to prevent
losing retail and having it converted into office. If my memory serves me,
that was our original intent. We also have an interest in preserving local
                                                                        Page 75 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
