                          TRANSCRIPT
counted toward floor area and serves as the service bays and other features
like that. That's the rationale behind that. Certainly welcome the Council's
perspective on that. Item Number 3 on the letter, not counting the covered
service drive as floor area. We spoke about this. I would reiterate, because
it's awkwardly written in the Code. The Section (A)(7) that is referenced
here says that you do have to count it toward floor area if this space is being
used for sales, service, display, storage or similar uses. It is not counted if it
is not doing those things. What we have reported is that we don't consider
that to be qualifying under any of those standards. We see this like a
temporary parking space. Again, Council can...

Mayor Burt: Jonathan, can you look at page PR00.01? There's the parking
summary. The middle block has a series of areas that refer to automobile
storage on the ground floor, the second floor, the third floor and the fourth
floor. When our Code says it's supposed to be included in the FAR if it is—
where am I?      Refers to required parking of employees and visiting
customers. I don't know if that's in quotations or not. I can't tell.

Mr. Lait: I could say that on that site plan that you're looking at, if you see
the colored version of the plan and there's some bluish spaces, those are
display vehicles. That's storage. That's outside, so we're not counting that
area. Elsewhere in the building if there is storage area, that would have to
count toward FAR except for on the roof, which is not enclosed. We would
not count the storage area on the roof.

Mayor Burt: But the interior storage, did we count that against FAR? It says
on the ground floor, the second, all it says is all not applicable.

Mr. Lait: On the ground floor, it's on the exterior perimeter of the site.

Mayor Burt: Are you sure?

Mr. Lait: The first line is site, vehicle display, five spaces. Where's that? As
far as parking requirements, you're looking at the parking requirement or
the parking ...

Mayor Burt: Parking summary. The middle block on that Page 1.

Mr. Ah Sing: The parking summary is where the applicant is describing what
their parking requirement is per site, ground floor, second floor, third floor
and so forth. That's what they're trying to describe in that table, less the
parking required. What's provided is on a different table below.

Mayor Burt: The customer—the question, I guess, is when we say that the
exemption for the FAR for parking for employees and visiting customers, I
                                                                             Page 112 of 128
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
