                          TRANSCRIPT

help us interpret and implement the ordinance.                 Normally these
Administrative Guidelines are approved at the Staff level, but the Council in
their motion asked that they come before the Council for approval, at least
the first time around. The Guidelines are attached to your Staff Report.
Essentially they talk about the applicability of the ordinance, what uses are
subject to the ordinance, what geographic area is included. They talk about
what projects and types of development might be exempt from the
ordinance, then the procedures that will be use for implementing the annual
limit, the criteria that the Council established for evaluating projects which
are subject to the ordinance.        We included as an attachment to the
Guidelines an actual scorecard that we're suggesting could be used to
evaluate the projects against the criteria. Let me just talk for a minute
about the processing procedures. Basically what we've set up is a process
where we will not approve any office or R&D new square footage, unless it's
exempt from this ordinance, between the beginning of the fiscal year and
March 31st. For three-quarters of the fiscal year, if we have an office/R&D
project that's subject to this ordinance, we will take it all the way through
our process like ARB hearings, Planning Commission hearings if that's
required, but we won't take a final action. It'll basically be held in abeyance
until March 31st. On March 31st, we look at all of the applications in that
category. If the total number of projects is less than 50,000 square feet, we
process them as usual. If something has a recommendation from the ARB,
it would be approved by the Director, and then it could be appealed to the
Council. If on March 31st we have more than 50,000 square feet of
projects, then we evaluate those projects against the scoring criteria and
bring them to the Council in a series of two public hearings. This is
important. The first public hearing would be a hearing on all the projects.
The applicants would get to present their projects, and the Council would get
to consider the findings that we've suggested making to approve each of the
projects. The idea of that first hearing is to find out basically are these
projects that are competing approvable. A second hearing would be held
and between the first and second hearings, Staff would do the evaluation of
the projects. The second hearing would be where the Council's would weigh
the projects against each other and the criteria and decide which would
succeed in getting an allocation for that year. The criteria and scoring are
obviously very important.      There is a provision in the ordinance that
basically says applications that have been deemed complete between these
two dates, March 31st and June 15, 2015, have priority and shall be
evaluated against each other. There are criteria that apply to those against
each other and then to the remainder of the projects. The idea is that under
the Guidelines the Director would work with the Chair of the ARB And the

                                                                         Page 49 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
