                          TRANSCRIPT
quality, more sustainable in a number of different ways, and more
compatible with surroundings. I think these are things that have been
extremely important to the community. As our struggles here tonight to try
and get right language indicate, trying to translate "we see it, we like it or
we don't like it" into guidelines is not an easy task. I think we've moved in
the right direction here. I'm actually really looking forward to not only
seeing this come back to us, but seeing in the coming years the impact of
this new ordinance and how it'll affect projects. I think this is good work.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Keene: I most likely won't be involved in the detailed conversations with
the Staff and the ARB. I just noticed one thing, a potential internal
consistency issue particularly given the comments on drought-resistant
plants and all the sustainability comments. That is in "2." I understand the
intent in the second line that says "and integrates existing natural features."
I'm a little concerned that the word "existing" could be very prescriptive
depending upon what that is. I mean, that could mean there may be some
nonnative plants and natural features that actually we would want to be
replaced in a fashion, and would that restrict us from being able to do that.
Does that mean almost anything that is existing as a current natural feature
couldn't be changed in any way?

Mayor Burt: Good question. Council Member Holman, can you clarify what
you meant by that?

Council Member Holman: Yes. I appreciate the comment as well. It
wouldn't be—if you have a scrub oak, that doesn't mean that we want it
preserved. It's a good comment. Since this is going back to the ARB, I look
for them to maybe provide an adjective there. One's not occurring to me
right at this moment. What I was really focused on here—this is what
happens when an individual looks with their own focus and filter. What I
was looking to there was—it was part of the conversation I had with
Jonathan Lait—I don't think enough of our projects respect even heritage
oaks and historic resources. They look at how can I work my project in
without totally destroying those as opposed to projects that start with
"here's a great resource; here's a heritage oak; how do I build a project that
really features this resource." That's where I was coming from.

Mayor Burt: I'm wondering whether what we're trying to do is talk about
existing natural features that contribute positively to the project.

Council Member Holman: To the community actually.
                                                                         Page 37 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
