                          TRANSCRIPT
some of the new wayfinding signs are blue on the corner posts. Aren't those
blue? Have I got that wrong?

Ms. Sullivan: The ones around City Hall have a very similar look. They have
a gray pylon, and then there's actually a blue circle with a white "P."

Mayor Burt: I'm talking about corner posts, so directional.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official:              Josh Mello, Chief
Transportation Official.   There are blue pedestrian wayfinding arrows.
There's a set at the corner of the circle and University, the circle that comes
up from Alma.

Mayor Burt: We added a whole bunch about two years, a whole bunch of
wayfinding on corner posts just like street signs.

Mr. Keene: Those were street name signs that we put up as part of the
Senior Olympics. Those are blue.

Mayor Burt: They're not just street name signs; they direct people.

Mr. Keene: I mean, not street name signs. They direct people to things,
yeah.

Mayor Burt: And they're blue. I thought I was not going crazy on that. My
first inclination is stay with Palo Alto green, but I actually think that it's
pretty important that people know where the parking is, and that we
intuitively—if we start associating a given color with a function, it helps. A
final question. Is the 800 High Street garage included in this?

Ms. Sullivan: It will be included.     I apologize, it's not on the map and
neither is Lot X.

Mayor Burt: It does get lost in the shuffle often.

Ms. Sullivan: It's not forgotten.

Mayor Burt: Some people may have only had questions, but I would look
forward to getting a Motion on the table and then see if we can move
forward.

Mr. Keene: That would be great, Mayor. Again, I would just say other than
the color issue here—by the way, as Bob Dylan said, you don't need a
weatherman to know which way the wind blows. I'll just say, if you like
Kermit the Frog here, it's not easy being green. Other than that one, we
would be coming back in an intermediate way.
                                                                         Page 69 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
