                         TRANSCRIPT
that Staff needed us to weigh in on? I didn't totally follow on what they
need guidance on from us and what I should weigh in on.

Mayor Burt:     One fundamental question is whether we endorse going
forward as is proposed by the Staff on the EIR. Jeremy or Hillary, are there
any other ways you want to frame what you're seeking from the Council on
the EIR subject?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Burt. I think this evening we wanted to
provide you with an orientation and an opportunity to ask us some of the
questions that you've posed. It might be beneficial at this point for you to
actually get this document and the Fiscal Study that's going with it. We're
three weeks away from having it available to you and to the community at
large, and then we'll schedule a meeting for you to dive into the document,
to ask the questions that you have about it. We'll have ample time for a lot
of discussion about the data and analysis it includes.

Mayor Burt: Let me frame it this way because of how late it is. If
colleagues have a strong concern and wish to do something significantly
different from what Hillary just described, then maybe speak up. Otherwise,
let's focus our comments, and we'll be as succinct as possible because we
have no choice if we're going to get out of here at any hour.

Council Member Berman: I'm good.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you, Mayor Burt. I have Sacramento in the
morning, so I'm going to leave after I make some comments. There were
three things that I noticed that kept jumping out. One of them is data;
almost everyone of you mentioned data. I then thought back to my
statistics class in graduate school. You're all smiling, aren't you? I'm
watching. You remember how you manipulate those statistics, beautifully.
Nine out of ten use Pepsodent. You gave it to just ten people and told them
you'd pay them if nine of them used it. I think we have to be very wary of
data. Data is as manipulated as statistics are. It's how you get those data
points. I Wikipedia'd it while we were listening to you, and it's a very
detailed description of what data is. I think you all know because, as I said,
I can see you smiling. I also know that we're not all going to agree on the
data. We don't up here, and I doubt that you will either. One of the things
that I heard Amy say was you don't know what the future holds. That is so
true. If anyone had told me 10 years go Airbnb would take over our
community and that I would be calling people on my smart phone with an
app to get a ride and that I wouldn't have to pay for it, I would have thought
they were—brave new world. Doesn't that still seem amazing? I could pick
                                                                            Page 83 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
