                          TRANSCRIPT
Commission, September of '75, discussing the Comprehensive Plan which
was under discussion at the time. One of the things they said was that we
trust the City will be prudent in its encouragement of bold, imaginative and
whimsical approaches in any improvements on El Camino.                They're
concerned about the type of development that would go on El Camino.
When they talked about development in general on Stanford-owned land,
they had a couple of statements that have not been adhered to. One of
them was Stanford wants to be involved—The Board of Trustees said they
want to know what's going in on Stanford-owned land. To answer Council
Member Holman's question of why we have a 36-foot setback on Hansen
instead of 50 feet, nobody talked to Stanford. I'm willing to bet the 50-foot
setback was established by the Board of Trustees in the early 1950s
Stanford-wide. In terms of what goes on in the commercial areas, the terms
of leases on Stanford lands shall not exceed 51 years except for unusual
cases in which a longer lease would be allowed. Do they have a lease with
Stanford or has the 51 years expired? I don't know. Commercial, retail or
service uses shall be limited to those areas already developed for such
purposes to such locations as may be required. Administrative, professional,
research (inaudible) shall emphasize functions and activities which relate to
and enhance the academic purposes of the University. Does this comply
with that? I don't know. I think that Stanford—Stanford, where are you?
They're not in the room. Stanford land, they own it. They should be
involved in what's developed on it.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Becky Sanders to be followed by Jeff Levinsky.
Welcome.

Becky Sanders: Good evening. Thank you for your service, City Council
Members. We elected you to look out for our interests. I love this very vital
discussion you're having this evening. Yesterday members of the Ventura
Neighborhood Association met. Karolyn Brose [phonetic] is here to
represent; she's here to show her support, but she's not speaking tonight.
Karolyn, will you wave please? There she is. Thank you, Karolyn, for
coming. We had a lively discussion, and here are some points. Will this set
a precedent for the erosion of the 50-foot setback for all of Stanford
Research Park? If this is allowed, future developers will point to this as a
precedent. For us it is a slippery slope. Why should some businesses be
accorded special treatment, with all due respect to the Parmani family? I
totally get their point of view. They seem like wonderful people. Still, it's a
slippery slope. Traffic intrusion into Ventura. I don't know why they need
so much more parking. They need two levels of parking, but they are going
to have no more net trips. I'm working on that one. An enlarged hotel will
add more car traffic. Ventura is already subject to pass-through traffic from
drivers and commuters who want to avoid the worst intersection in the City,
                                                                        Page 48 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
