                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Before I get into (crosstalk) I'm not assuming.
I'm opening it up to Staff. Before I offer a friendly amendment, I would like
to hear from Staff what they think the cost would be of having two different
numbers studied here for housing.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. It gives me an opportunity to
clarify that the cost will go up. I can't tell you by how much until we have
our consultants look at the motion in its final form and give us their
assessment. There's no doubt—I think the Council should still move forward
with the contract as we placed it on your Agenda. If you agree that we're
going to analyze at least one scenario, then we'll have to get them to do a
cost estimate for the second scenario.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess it's okay. If we do a sixth, it does create
more work, it does cost more money. I just think we should—even if we are
deciding to move forward with having essentially two new scenarios, a
Scenario 5 and essentially a Scenario 6, I just want to make sure we're
thoughtful and at least recognizing that that is a cost. I think we have
fiduciary responsibility to acknowledge that. I'm looking at the Chair of
Finance Committee as I'm saying that. I know he'll appreciate that. When it
comes to the numbers to look at, the—what are we looking at here? We're
looking at "A" and also "C." If we're looking at Scenario A—if I might offer a
small correction. Where it says Scenario A and Scenario C, it should actually
say Option A and Option B. Just so we don't cross the axis there. If we're
looking at the housing from Option A, that's 3,546. That's only one off from
what's already looked at in housing for Scenario 3.

Mr. Keene: It's not one off; it is the same number.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's the same number, Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: It's 3,545 or 3,546. My point is it's essentially
the same number now. You do have the job reduction. If we're looking at
"C" and bumping it to 6,000 units, then that gives us something new to
study beyond what's currently being studied. It's around 1,600 more than
the housing in Scenario 4, which we've already studied. I appreciate that
bump up. You get that lower job number, that you'd get either with "A" or
with "C." I would actually suggest that I don't think "A" is necessary to
study. If we're going to do two, I would suggest that the two we study
would be 6,000 units and also the 8,800 units that people asked for tonight.
If we're going to study two—I'm not talking about—sorry John Kelly. Not
10,000 units, but I would suggest the 8,800 units that people suggested that
would match the jobs. As Council Member Schmid said earlier and I think a
couple of other people mentioned, maybe Council Member Holman, our jobs

                                                                      Page 108 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
