                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I just think if we're going to do it, we might as well
do both.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to turn to Staff for just another
minute here and ask about who on Staff or how does Staff conceptualize—at
first glance, I know this is just coming at you right now. I know that we lost
Mr. Fehrenbach, who I would guess would probably be a primary person on
Staff who would be doing work like this. I heard that we're looking at this
maybe for some time in the next year. Do you envision this being doable in
the coming year? I know it's hard to commit off the top of your head.

Mr. Keene: I think we have to bi-furcate the motion with "B" being the
return ASAP before you go on break, and the other items we'd be able to
give a status report on, once we get into the fiscal year, as to what that
would take.

Council Member Wolbach: Can we amend the Motion to do that?

Mayor Burt: We didn't stipulate a timeframe for any of it. Staff has
clarified. I don't know if we've—it doesn't sound like they feel we have to
clarify it in a motion.

Council Member Wolbach: If it doesn't need to be in the Motion, that's fine.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just changed it, what I wrote down, to be more—I just
want to make sure you're okay with it.

Mayor Burt: If I might just comment on that modification. I'm okay with
Staff evaluating it. I don't have a heartburn over the bulk of the dollars
going to—it's titled an administrator, but there's a great deal of facilitating
functions. Even barring some of the concerns we had on the report, there's
a lot of activities that are things that a person does, and they aren't
necessarily purchasing and physical things. I don't have a great problem
with the way it's structured, but I'm open to Staff looking at it. As long as
Staff is not seeing that as a mandate to make those changes but just to
evaluate.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I agree.

MOTION RESTATED: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharf
to direct Staff to:

A.    Review mechanisms for modifying the Fee Structure to require larger
      companies to pay a larger portion of the district costs; and
                                                                           Page 29 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
