                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: If they don't, I'll respond.

Council Member Holman: Years ago we couldn't consider this. Now we can.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. I was working with Council on another ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman has raised the issue of should
we direct Staff to review placing as much HVAC equipment inside the
building as possible. The question for Staff is, is this an issue we should be
concerned about in terms of noise. The EIR consultant says no. I haven't
heard from the applicant yet. I'm tempted to say no, but I'm asking Staff—
I'm watching the EIR consultant say this is not an issue. If this is an issue
and this would annoy people, then yes I think it would be a good idea. I just
don't know the answer to that.

Ms. Gitelman:    We have identified ways that noise impacts would be
addressed. We don't think this condition is necessary. It's completely within
the Council's purview to add it if you'd like.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I'll say no.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION2: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member XX to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to review placing as
much HVAC equipment inside the building as possible.”

Council Member Holman: The amenity space, Jodie, I never did clarification
on what the amenity is.

Ms. Gerhardt: There is not an exact use at this time. It would be
determined at the building stage. There is a minimum square footage.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, can I offer another possible way to
address this?

Council Member Holman: Yeah. How can we say yes or no if we don't know
what it is.

Mayor Burt: We have parking that was mandated based upon no TDM
program. Is that correct? No reduction in parking as a result of TDM.
We're looking at ballpark of 20 percent fewer parking spaces than were
mandated—fewer parking spaces required than we're mandating. Is there
any possibility that, if the Council were willing to allow for some of that
parking area to be used for HVAC system—I don't know from an engineering
and design standpoint. You normally have HVAC in the building that you're
using it on. From a ducting standpoint, I don't know whether it's practical
that you would connect a couple of those buildings or not. Maybe even the
                                                                        Page 85 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
