                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm confused on the how we would do it part. It's really
just a budget choice. You would just say, "Do you want to spend the extra
$200,000?" I'm not sure what the discussion is, unless we're going to—
unless Policy and Services is going to play a budget role, which says what
offsetting cuts are we going to make in something else. That's really a
budget function. I'm a little concerned about the notion that we—it's one
thing to refer whether or not we should do it, whether or not to look at it,
and then refer it to Finance and look at it holistically in the budget. I'm just
not sure if this is direction then to do it. The question is how would you do
it. You just pay money. I'm confused.

Mayor Burt: I think that's a good point. I think it's really then a referral to
the Policy and Services for a deeper consideration of whether or not to do it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I could support that.

Council Member Holman: It's whether or not and how.

Mayor Burt: The how is really a budgetary decision. That's how unless
there's a question of specific programs to spend it on. That, I didn't think,
was part of the motion at this time; that would be a future consideration. I
think if we just have it as refer it as a discussion on whether or not, that's a
good way to go.

Council Member Holman: Let me ask this for clarification then. I realize
this, because that's—this number came from me because of the 2 1/2
percent per annum. Let's suppose Policy and Services says 2 1/2 percent a
year takes us to $667,000, but let's just say maybe it should be—making up
a number here just for purposes of conversation—$700,000. I just don't
want to tie their hands. It could be $650,000, whatever it is. They might
think it's important to phase it in.

Mayor Burt: That's not what we're asking them to do. It's whether or not to
bring it back up to the 2.5 percent. Not whether or not to go to any
unlimited number.

Council Member Holman:       What I'm saying is a potential increase to
$667,000. What I'm wanting to get clarified in the Motion is that the
$667,000 isn't a static number. It's potentially increase to the $667,000.

Mayor Burt: I think it's good enough.

Council Member Holman: It seems like to me there's some latitude in there
about what they arrive at as to a final dollar number. That's how I read
that.
                                                                             Page 62 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
