                         TRANSCRIPT
a really dependable number for grades K-12 that combines both. I can give
you an estimate of something around 40 percent, actually it could be 50
percent. It's 40 percent plus 10 percent, 40 percent biking, 10 percent
walking. I'm not completely sure of that number. That number came from
our parents survey, which had a very self-selected bias.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just so I understood, when you said the 10 percent,
that was middle school students and high school students who you said—it'd
be a higher number? If we added them, if we added walking.

Ms. Star-Lack: If you look at all grades, K-12, our parent survey which we
know had a very biased sample size and a very self-selection biased sample,
we had approximately 40 percent of all students in all grades biking, if you
average over everybody, and approximately 10 percent of all students in all
grades walking. We're probably around 50 percent biking, walking, but you
can't really quote me on that, because that survey was not great.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Since you told me—what you're really saying is that
very few walk in middle school or high school. If there's 10 percent overall
and there's 40 percent in elementary school, of that 40 percent only 14
percent are biking and the rest are walking, all of that walking over the
whole thing is actually elementary school or at least seems intuitively
without playing with the map.

Ms. Star-Lack: Yes, that is true. From that same survey, the walking
numbers are much higher in grades K-5, and then we move over to biking
for the upper grades.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It seems like across the board from elementary school
through middle school, it really seems to be 40 percent, then 50 percent,
then 43 percent of people who either walk or bike roughly. It's pretty
constant.

Ms. Star-Lack: Yes, it could be.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Or maybe not. I don't know.

Ms. Star-Lack: It could be.

Vice Mayor Scharff:   Anyway, great job.   It seems like it gets better and
better every year.

Ms. Star-Lack: We're trying.

Mayor Burt: When we look at this program and we've seen our tremendous
progress, it's important for us to even recognize, as some alluded to, that
                                                                     Page 11 of 135
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/2/16
