                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Jeff Levinsky sent us in a bunch of questions. I wanted
Staff to address them. I don't know if you saw it. Maybe, Jeff, do you have
an extra copy to give Staff?

Council Member Berman: We didn't have it at places either.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did have his email at place. I can give you my copy.

Mayor Burt: While Jonathan is looking that over, maybe we'll ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Move on to other technical questions.

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Council Member Wolbach. I have the same concerns,
because those questions reflected some questions that I already had, but
they looked more researched than I had done. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Also relating to a letter that we got from the
public. We got a letter from the Audubon Society regarding a couple of
concerns of potential negative impacts on bird safety and health. The first
really just to lighting on the roof of the building and a hope for reduced
amount of lighting and changed style of lighting. The other relates to glass
and bird-safe design. I was just wondering if Staff wanted to weigh in on
either of those. I guess the technical question is what do we have to do
tonight as a Council to provide direction for those concerns to be addressed
in the project.

Mr. Ah Sing: Thank you. The plans do have pretty detailed schematics
about the lighting. The applicant is very flexible with the lighting controls.
The lights could go out at really any time. The condition of approval and
mitigation is at 10:00 P.M., but they could set that timer to go off much
sooner than that. With the bird film on the glazing, there's a condition that's
an optional condition, but the applicant has been advised and they are
amenable to adding that glazing to the building. They're here to address
those issues.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to clarify as a quick follow-up question.
Would it be possible for us this evening to make that optional into a
requirement for the glazing?

Mr. Ah Sing: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Are you ready to address those questions?


                                                                           Page 97 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
