                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'll second that.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that's fine. I actually think we were being not very
precise when we said by-right. We were trying to say we would eliminate
the need for legislative action to use the Pedestrian-Transit Oriented
Development (PTOD). You could still have an ARB review.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's modified regulations.

Mayor Burt: We've got it now. We're going to apply it to 5 and 6.

Council Member Berman: Are we asking (inaudible)? Are we going to have
an opportunity to ask questions, try to pull specific things? I wasn't sure if
Scharff was (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: We will. That's the next thing. Anyone who wishes to have
one of these voted on separately, if you get a second to that request, then
we'll pull it and vote on it separately.

Council Member Berman: If we just have general questions first?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead with questions.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I have one more question.

Council Member DuBois: Can we clarify this text to the last one?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Jim, Hillary. I actually have a question for Hillary. It's
a question on this. Tom added go to 1.5 FAR on California Avenue from a
2.0. You previously had in here reduce—you got rid of that, but it was in the
previous thing. You added allowable commercial densities would be reduced
and replaced with residential densities. That covers that one, but this is
more specific. The question that came up is, is there a reason why you
originally had California Avenue? Why you picked on that area as opposed
to other areas and why was it 1.5?

Ms. Gitelman: This is a zoning change idea that came from the Council early
on in this process. That's how it made it on the list. When we were faced
with these scenarios that have dramatically lower job growth, we added this
larger concept of converting commercial FAR to residential FAR.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you want me to start pulling stuff or do you want
me to get in line?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman first has questions, and then we'll go
into the pulling.
                                                                        Page 80 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
