                         TRANSCRIPT
Cecilia Liu: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Cecilia Liu, and
I'm a software professional. The stories you just heard may seem like tales
from another time, but please believe me when I tell you that they're not.
This persecution is still very much ongoing in China, and this is more severe
than ever. Right now at this very moment, my father, a 61-year-old Falun
Gong practitioner, is illegally imprisoned in China as he has been for over a
year for simply adhering to his beliefs. As absurd as it may seem, the
Chinese Communist regime's persecution of Falun Gong grew out of Former
Chinese President Jiang Zemin's fear and jealousy of Falun Gong's
popularity. Since July 1999, the entire state-run propaganda machine was
mobilized to smear Falun Gong and incite public hatred toward its
practitioners. My father started practicing Falun Gong in 2003. Since then,
he has enjoyed tremendously improved physical and mental health. Falun
Gong's principles of truthfulness, compassion and tolerance provide him
guidance to go through life as a kind and selfless human being. However,
on July 20th, 2015, police broke into his home, forcefully removed him from
his apartment and confiscated his properties. He was then thrown into local
detention center without any legal foundations. For over a year, no family
members have been allowed to visit him, so we don't even know what's
happening to him in captivity. As his only child, I have been living abroad
since 2008. Because of this persecution, I have not been able to return
home to visit my aging parents all these years, not even to see my mother
for the last time at her deathbed. I'm here today to tell you this difficult
story of mine, to tell you about my imprisoned father, with the hope that my
story can give voice to millions of Falun Gong practitioners in China still
suffering from this persecution. I humbly ask for your help in raising public
awareness of this atrocity and sincerely encourage everyone in our
communities to join the effort to bring an end to this 17-year-old nightmare.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Xi Chen to be followed by Abraham Thompson.

Xi Chen: Greetings, Council Members. My name is Xi Chen. I'm a
relationship banker at JP Morgan Chase in Palo Alto. On the evening of
June 17th, 2016, Congressman Eliot Engel delivered a speech when the
House Resolution 343 was passed unanimously. Eliot Engel is a ranking
member of the House Foreign Relation Committee. I will play a part of
speech that night. [Audio recording played.] According to the Amnesty
International, the average number of (inaudible) inmates in China is around
1,700 per year, which is (inaudible) in the organ transplant (inaudible).
China publicly (inaudible) annual kidney transplant is 5,500 to 10,000. The
matching ratio of 6.5 percent indicates the organ pool size is much greater
than the number of (inaudible) inmates. You can find more information by
simply google organ harvesting in China. Please help us to raise awareness
                                                                      Page 20 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
