                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. French: The applicant team, I would like to say, is here tonight and can
verify numbers. They're very small on the plans.

Council Member Holman: I saw some stuff that looked like it might be that,
but it was tiny, tiny. If you can help me with what the height changes are.

Ms. French: It is taller on the Florence Street side than on the Bryant Street
side. It appears on the Florence Street side to be going up to about 57 feet.
On the Bryant side, it's going up to about 53 feet. Do you want to verify
that?

Rachel Hamilton, Architect: That's approximately correct. Good evening,
Council Members, Mayor. My name is Rachel Hamilton; I'm the architect
working with the sponsors of the project. The structure does slope a little
bit due to access for the panels. The existing structure also slopes for the
movement of the cars. The view on Florence Street does appear taller. If
you were to take the tallest case of the railing on the existing garage, it's at
approximately 49 feet above grade. The top of the structure, the steel
structure that's supporting the panels, would be at 55 feet above grade. In
this particular case on Florence Street, that 49 feet for the railing is probably
actually a little bit lower than that. It's probably a few feet lower than 49 on
that side of the building. That's why the structure appears a little bit taller.

Council Member Holman: It's 57 feet to the top of the structure and the
panel's on top of that to take it to 57?

Ms. Hamilton: No, it's 55 feet to the top of the framework. The panels
would project about 6-8 inches above that. Although, by California law the
panels themselves are not subject to review, so it would be the structure. I
believe that would be the case.

Council Member Holman: I heard 57 feet, which is why I questioned it. It's
like 55 1/2 feet basically. Is that about right?

Ms. Hamilton: Yes.

Council Member Holman: On the Webster Street garage, the view that's
concerning to me is—I don't see a drawing page number on this. It's the
University Avenue view.

Ms. Hamilton: That should be A3.6.

Council Member Holman: What's the height of that?

Ms. Hamilton: 520 Webster, the existing railing is at approximately 52.3
feet above grade. Again, being parking garages, these vary with the slope
                                                                         Page 42 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
