                          ACTION MINUTES
            Removal Services on a Ten Year Maintenance Cycle (Continued from
            June 27, 2016).

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute
a three-year contract with West Coast Arborists Inc. in an amount not to
exceed $3,680,960 for tree pruning and removal services on a ten-year
maintenance cycle with the following amendments:

A.          The contract shall include an annual review and optional
            extension/amendment clause subject to Council review and approval
            pending:

      i.         Design of a tree management plan befitting a 29-year Tree City
                 USA designation that addresses the recommendations from the
                 State Urban Forester and relevant others including but not
                 limited to:

                 a.    Greenhouse gas reduction benefits of a healthy and well-
                       maintained urban forest including reduced carbon dioxide,
                       lowered energy use, reduced heat island effect; and

                 b.    Safety, especially during times of drought and potential
                       resultant limb loss; and

                 c.    Storm water interception, habitat retention and creation;
                       and

                 d.    Economic and social benefits of a healthy urban forest; and

     ii.         Determination of whether a single source contract is the best
                 method to contract for Palo Alto's tree care; and

     iii.        The cost benefit ratio of maintenance (average $19.00 per tree
                 cost vs $5.82 in benefit is returned for every $1 spent); and

B.          Such a plan should be presented to Council prior to consideration of a
            contract in the 2018 budget cycle.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:              Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to:
                                                                                Page 5 of 6
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                   Action Minutes: 6/28/16
