                          TRANSCRIPT
of publication that we always do with new programs, whether that's online
or working through installers or working through the building division.

Council Member Kniss: Included in the utility bill and so forth.

Mr. Abendschein: Yep. We have all of our regular channels available to us.

Mr. Shikada: We definitely would want to be active in pursuing this last
piece. I would make note of this, recognizing CALSEIA has obviously a
pretty high level of mobilization in communicating with their stakeholders,
that they work with us in getting the word out, that this is simply the next
step in Palo Alto's continued commitment to the development and expansion
of solar and hope that they will also be a partner in getting the word out
throughout the state really in a positive manner.

Council Member Kniss: I'm not going to prolong it. I wanted to make sure
that we had brought it up tonight, so that we don't forget that what we've
done is something that, I think, is advantageous to the community. I want
them to know and be able to participate.

Mr. Shikada: In fact, I think we've got a couple at least of related programs
that are getting close to being able to launch along the lines of group buy as
well as continued progress on our community solar program. We'll factor
this in with other marketing communication efforts that we have coming up.

Council Member Kniss:     Thanks.    Appreciate it.   I will be supporting the
Motion.

Mayor Burt: I guess I'll first say that I want to make sure that we are not
stifling an important program for local solar. It's really hard for us up here
to know whether we will continue to have adoption of residential solar
through Net Metering with this new program or we won't. One question
would be, if we wanted to include a report back on the impact of the
program, what would be a reasonable timeframe to get that.

Mr. Abendschein: I think one year is likely too short, because we're going to
be going through the transitional period. I would defer to ...

Mayor Burt: When you say that, if you can ...

Ms. Ratchye: Clearly we can report on this on a quarterly basis in the
quarterly report too. We can see trends, and we can see if the line is
bending down or whatever. We will be tracking it on an ongoing basis. I
think we can easily report it on a quarterly basis.

Mr. Shikada: Do we have an existing report?
                                                                         Page 35 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
