                         TRANSCRIPT
has an opportunity to participate, let's go ahead and do that. We'll make
sure we're able to accomplish it tonight but also leave it open. Before
returning to other colleagues, I'll allow one more speaker, Hamilton
Hutchings. Welcome.

Hamilton Hitchings: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council. Sorry. I thought
this was going to be at the end of the meeting; I got caught a little bit by
surprise. My comments are not that well prepared for this topic, so please
take the spirit rather than the precise comments. I strongly support Mayor
Burt's letter that opposes this legislation. I am a member of the Citizen
Advisory Committee (CAC). These comments are not for the CAC, but I'm
on the land use subcommittee. One of the things we're looking at is trying
to increase the amount of below market housing and affordable housing.
This is actually a significant step backwards. I currently believe our 15
percent requirement is too low, and we want to concentrate the new housing
development in the Downtown areas. This would require that to drop down
to 10 or 5 percent for the developers, being a substantial step backwards in
our effort to provide low-cost housing for those who need it most, many of
whom already are working in the City. Also as you pointed out, it is not
appropriate to put it as part of the budget. It sounded to me, based on a
brief skim, that not only would it eliminate project-specific environmental
review—I've seen a number of projects come in front of this Council which
had very specific project concerns, that had very specific impacts. It's
impossible to create zoning for every possible scenario. At some point,
things have to come back to Council. If we remove the process of Council
and public input, which in some ways this does, I think that's a real step
backwards for the community in many cases actually achieving these. What
if we decide we want to raise the minimum affordable housing higher?
Imagine a scenario where there's a higher height limit, but we require a
significant higher percentage of affordable housing. That would not be
possible under this proposal. In addition, there already is a rule on the
books from the State that allows for offsets for affordable housing to grant
zoning exceptions. In some ways, I feel like that covers it. I don't want to
take any more of your time. Thank you very much for listening.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have one more speaker, Lydia Kou. Welcome.

Lydia Kou: Thank you so much for allowing the oral comments. I wasn't
prepared for this to move forward, so I actually don't have anything
prepared. However, I urge you to oppose this legislation. It takes away
every civil liberty from a city. I think it's a very, very bad move for the
Governor to come up from the top down and demand that we come up with
housing. As it is, the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) numbers
that are coming through, we are having a really hard time to come through
                                                                         Page 42 of 128
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
