                         TRANSCRIPT
prepare an ordinance and a fee schedule, which varied from the consultant
recommendations, in the following manner. On the commercial side, the
recommendation was to increase the office and R&D fee to $60 a square
foot. On the residential side, the recommendation was to decrease the
single-family detached fee to $50 a square foot. Another recommendation
was to explore options to allow office and R&D and hotels to reduce their
impact fees by providing affordable housing on or offsite or by deed
restricting existing units as affordable. Both of these recommendations are
reflected in the draft ordinances. Similarly, the Planning Commission held
three hearings on this Item in July, August and November. This slide shows
the PTC's recommendations. The first one is to phase in the commercial
impact fees over a period of five years. Those fees would be subject to an
annual review. The second is to have deed restrictions that are no longer
than 55 years for alternative projects using tax credit financing; also to
require applicants who wish to provide rental units onsite to focus on low-
income households. The second and third recommendations are reflected in
the draft ordinances. Another recommendation was to increase the single-
family detached fee to $95 a square foot as opposed to the $50 per square
foot that was recommended by the Finance Committee. Finally, to set the
rental housing fee at somewhere between $10 and $20 a square foot similar
to nearby jurisdictions. I'll now turn it over to Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Eloiza. We're going to go deeper into the
numbers in just a minute. First, let's step back to the big picture issues in
this ordinance. First, as Eloiza mentioned in the severing of our objectives,
we're adjusting the inclusionary requirement that currently applies to for-
sale housing from projects of five or more units to projects of three or more
units. That was called for in our Housing Element, and it's a significant
policy change. In addition, for mixed-use development we've made the
requirements of this ordinance apply even below the three units. If we have
a mixed-use development Downtown and there are one or two penthouse
units on top, they would be subject to these fees. Third, we have made the
ordinance work such that if you have a residential ownership development of
more than three units, the inclusionary requirement would apply, and you
don't get to deduct the existing units that are being removed on the site.
We can talk about specific examples in that if you're interested. Also, we're
talking about making sure that the commercial fees apply to any new gross
square footage. Currently, there's an exception or an exemption in the Code
for existing square footage that's converted from, for example, amenity
space to gross square footage. We're eliminating that exemption. If you
have an existing building and you're creating new gross floor area within the
building, it would be subject to these fees. Other issues in the ordinance.
At the Finance Committee's direction, we've included multiple alternative
means of compliance. A commercial project could meet its requirements,
                                                                        Page 37 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
