                          TRANSCRIPT
shape a tool that is responsive to your interests with peer to peer, has an
interview component, will look at a large organization like a City Manager's
operation in maybe alternating years to make it a more manageable way to
gather input, especially if there's an interview component.

Council Member Holman:      Alternating years meaning part of the Staff one
year and part …

Ms. Figone: Right, right. That would speak to—if we're going to do this
every other year, let's not miss somebody. Maybe the way to …

Vice Mayor Scharff: We do the City Manager every year.

Ms. Figone: Every year but a chunk of them (crosstalk). That's one director
really inputting every other year. To keep it manageable, it's probably going
to be an every year pattern.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right, correct.

Ms. Figone: Your jury's still open on whether or not for the small operations
it's every other year. We'll just take that back and think about it. Best
practices, I think I'd want to bring in. We would need to amend the contract
probably even for this development time. I'll leave that to Rumi and Mary
Eagan, the owner of MRG, and also I'll provide my input. I would want
Rumi's expertise in terms of the best practices. I know you're using 360. I
know what you mean.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You can use whatever term (crosstalk).

Ms. Figone: Whatever term …

Council Member Holman:       We've always referred to it as a modified 360,
accurate or not.

Ms. Figone: Whatever term. What I think is important is that we finally get
you to a place where you like the tool, it's meaningful, it's easy to administer
and all of that, but also can collect data over time. That's why I like that
idea of an employee satisfaction survey. Once you've got them dialed in,
you can collect data over time about what's happening in the culture. Rumi
and I talked about this a bit, so it's really her idea. You do have a citizens
satisfaction survey. Where does that get brought in?

Vice Mayor Scharff: If we do an employee satisfaction survey, I'd actually
like to break it up.    I'd like to break it up into management and
professionals. There may even be a management and professionals in terms
of different job categories as opposed to administrative versus—not
                                                                                     Page 17 of 20
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                               Transcript 11/16/16
