                         TRANSCRIPT
for smart growth as we work to complete our Comprehensive Plan, the
primary blueprint for guiding our built environment over the next two
decades. The City Council recently directed our Staff to provide a growth
scenario that would reduce our long-term rate of office growth while
increasing our rate of housing growth. The Transportation Element of the
Comp Plan supports the community's vision of a less congested, more
walkable, more transit-rich environment. In 2012, we rolled out the Bicycle
and Pedestrian Transportation Plan, which is funded and currently being
implemented. Our compact community, flat land, good climate and prior
investments made Palo Alto a national leader in cycling.             Our next
commitments are taking us to a higher level, making cycling the fastest and
healthiest way to travel door-to-door in much of the community while
reducing congestion and parking demands for drivers.           $20 million of
projects across the City are either in design or in implementation today. Our
sustainable community and our quality of life. We continue to build on our
history of strong, affordable housing programs. The Council unanimously
endorsed Measure A, the $950 million bond that passed on election day,
with those funds allocated to house low and moderate-income families
throughout the County. This year we supported new affordable housing
sites, a new model of smaller, market-rate units with low trip impacts, and
we partnered with the Santa Clara County Housing Authority to preserve
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park as affordable housing. Last year, we adopted
one of the highest minimum wage ordinances anywhere. In the coming
months, we will consider returning our Human Services Resource Allocation
Process (HSRAP), human services funding for community members most in
need, to its former portion of our budget. Last year we adopted Healthy
Cities Healthy Community initiative that embraces a broad vision of physical
and emotional health for ourselves, our families and our community. We
sought feedback this year on a Parks, Trails, Open Space and Recreation
Master Plan, and that input is helping chart park use for future generations.
Our community engagement. Palo Alto has a rich history of strong civic
passion and participation. The community engagement of our very active
citizens can be seen through our Town Hall neighborhood meetings, block
parties, annual festivals and parades, Emergency Services volunteer
programs and now our Cool Block environmental program. We've launched
new citizen engagement tools such as open data initiatives that show our
finances and permitting, our 311 system for citizen reporting of things
needing to be fixed, and Open City Hall where residents can weigh in on a
variety of important issues. We have a lot of challenges and opportunities
ahead. Today we face a different set of challenges, large and small, many of
them centered around the issue of how do we respond to the pressures of
growth in our City and region sustainably. Some of the issues we will need
to consider include how do we protect our retail and other valued services;
how can we fund our local transportation and parking solutions; how much
                                                                         Page 5 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
