                          TRANSCRIPT
sense of what those funding options are and what that looks like, so you
don't just have an agreement that comes forward without—and we vote
against it as opposed to having a sense of what the funding options are.

Mr. Perez: I think there's always a way to make it work. It's a matter of
prioritizing what you want as a Council and community. I think there's going
to be enough options where you can even reduce some of the costs. It's a
matter of prioritizing or using certain types of vehicles that are available to
you. We're going to try to lay all of that out for you, so that you have that
available. If we do multi-step, we might have to push things out a little bit.
That's the only concern, the only hesitation. As the City Manager said, right
now it's aligning where we could probably do both at the same time. If you
want to do it separately, then we would need to work that into the schedule.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Good questions by Council Member Scharff. Just
to make sure that we all have the full context, it would be good for the
Council to know, not now, to understand what the issues are that you're
trying to work through, but also to know not only what the funding options
are but what the financial implications to the positive that we've talked
about would also be. It all needs to be in context.

Mr. Perez: Very well understood.

Mayor Burt: Next, what did you have, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: Another short one is Utilities, which is on 19 and
20. I actually had a question on Number 84.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member DuBois: We got an information report. My understanding
was—correct me if I'm wrong—that the interconnect through Mountain View
looked like a lot cheaper and faster, but it looks like we're going through
Stanford. I kind of have a broader question which will apply to others. I'd
also like to know specifics on this one. Is this a case where we're taking on
more work and more budget than necessary? Why are we pursuing this
option if there's an easier option? Maybe there's very good reasons we're
doing that.

Mr. Shikada: Wearing my hat as Interim Utilities Director. The current
conversations involving SLAC and Stanford University do have the potential

                                                                        Page 52 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
