                          TRANSCRIPT
effect of (inaudible) emissions of methane, which brings the percentage
contribution up to about 42 percent and which consequently reduces the
road travel emissions to around 51 percent. If you further reduce the
contribution from road emissions to only account for local residents, the
natural gas can easily become the top contributor to greenhouse gas
emissions in Palo Alto. Finally, what about air travel? The impact of air
travel is downplayed in the report. Palo Alto is an extremely affluent
community. For many residents, the emissions from air travel completely
overwhelm all other emission sources including driving and heating water
and living spaces. This simple fact is not recognized by many residents.
The City should forthrightly present this issue. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bret Andersen, to be followed
by Debbie Mytels.

Bret Andersen: Thank you for the opportunity to speak. I'd like to add
some detail to what Bruce was saying about our brief, sent earlier to the
Council. We feel very strongly that after the years of analysis into the S/CAP
Plan we should have more detailed plans for the largest sources of
greenhouse gases in the City. Palo Alto has a greater scope of impact in
these areas as well as the potential for higher returns and pulling the curve
for adoption of these measures earlier. These two are electrification of
vehicles, electrification of buildings. The first advantage that Palo Alto
brings to this is its carbon neutral electricity. Every electric vehicle, every
heater, cooler or other device added to our grid is a zero emissions device.
This means that every EV adds energy storage to our electrical grid, and the
efficiency measures extend the reach of our grid to become the smart
infrastructure that we need for the future. To the extent that carbon has a
price, then the return on investment to electrification in Palo Alto is higher
for Palo Altans. These advantages of going electric in Palo Alto should be
shamelessly marketed to the population. We should promote the adoption
of electric solutions much more aggressively, for example, in sponsoring
more events from the City and using social media to promote these points
continually. Second, the big advantage that Palo Alto has in owning its own
utility is that it can provide its own services and fund those through on-bill
financing. For example, providing easy to buy on-bill financing options for
energy upgrades including electrification or efficiency. It removes the high
upfront costs that are traditionally causing historical underinvestment in the
efficiency by residents. On-bill financing has been shown already in some
areas to achieve very high adoption rates compared to traditional rebate
programs or optional programs that are implemented by utilities. Carbon
Free Palo Alto can offer more details if more information is required on this
later. It's already past time, I think, that we invest in providing services
that give easy to buy upgrades for people, businesses and residents, in our
                                                                       Page 26 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
