                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I was just going to say that's the direction that
bike safety design is moving throughout the state.          I think Palo Alto
absolutely as a leading City in the country on bike safety should be on board
with that.

Vice Mayor Scharff:   This doesn't talk about bike safety.    It talks about
automobiles.

Council Member Wolbach: I understand.

Mayor Burt: I would say if it was there for bike safety, we are so far from
that. It undermines realistic progress by saying we're going to go from very
unsafe to zero. I don't know why people ... I don't believe in aspirational
legislation in principle, but I'll go ahead and support this thing.

Council Member Kniss: Can we please ...

Mayor Burt: That passes 8-1 with Council Member Scharff voting no.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Scharff no

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: Then what we have remaining is ...

Council Member Kniss: No aspirations apparently.

Mayor Burt:   ... Intergovernmental Legislative Affairs, which we really just
did.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements.
Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I just want to say—I think a couple of us might
have attended it at different times on Sunday. I attended the multi-faith
peace walk that kicked off at Congregation Etz Chayim. I wasn't able to stay
for the whole thing. The bit that I did stay for was incredibly moving and
powerful. The place was beyond packed. It was overflowing into the
parking lot with—I don't think maybe 1,000 but definitely multiple hundreds.
It was just really cool to see so many folks from different backgrounds from
the community come together. I wanted to keep my little peace bracelet on
for the meeting. It probably won't last too much longer this week. It was a
really great event. Kudos to everybody that supported it and organized it. I
saw Chief Burns there. It was great.
                                                                     Page 112 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/12/16
