                          TRANSCRIPT
not a your group issue. We've got to not get ahead of ourselves in the
Comp Plan. Finally, I agree with Tom on the percentage target. I think
that's makes sense. As you say, that's makes sense when we come back in
the next phase. Right now, we're just doing the pilot. I'm going to support
it. Good luck with it.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say I think the percentage is perfectly fine. I want to
make sure our expectations are realistic. My point was that under this
funding level, we're not going to have measurable impacts. It's going to
have to be the full funding or some very significant funding to see the
outcomes that we all have said we wanted to have and that we have as a
Council policy of this 30 percent reduction. It's a good plan. It'll have to be
funded one way or another if we want it to be successful. Let's vote on the
board. Yes, I'm sorry. First on the amendment. That passes on a 7-1 with
Council Member Wolbach voting no.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Wolbach no, Berman absent

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to
execute the funding agreement between the City of Palo Alto, the Silicon
Valley Community Foundation, and the Palo Alto Transportation Management
Association (PATMA); and

A.     Establish a Council Liaison to PATMA to be appointed by the Mayor;
       and

B.     Direct Staff to include percent change in Single Occupancy Vehicle
       (SOV) use in future presentations to Council.

Mayor Burt: Second, on the primary Motion. That passes 8-0. Thank you
all very much. Welcome to the late hour.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Berman absent

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 11:41 P.M.

10a.   (Former Agenda Item Number 7) Approval and Authorization for the
       City Manager to Sign a Letter Commenting on the City of East Palo
       Alto's General Plan Update and Draft Environmental Impact Report.

Mayor Burt: Now, we will be returning to the former Item Number 7, new
10b, which is approval and authorization for the City Manager to sign a letter
commenting on the City of East Palo Alto's General Plan Update and Draft
Environmental Impact report. Council Member Wolbach, you led pulling this

                                                                            Page 89 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
