                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Once again, thank you again for the public for
coming, especially from the Silicon Valley Leadership Group (SVLG). That
was very appreciated. One never wins a popularity contest when we're
talking about tobacco, whether we're talking about selling it or whether
we're talking about policing it or whether we're talking about it in multiunit
buildings. I was at the County when we actually passed this. I remember a
number of times that people were extraordinarily unhappy with it. I feel
very strongly about this. I was just with my family over the weekend. We
were discussing that all of the five children that my family had are the
recipients or the victims of secondhand smoke. I grew up with my father in
the station wagon with all the windows up, and he smoked. Many of you
probably had that same experience. Each one of us has some residual from
that. I am so sympathetic with the man—I didn't catch your name exactly—
in the apartment house where someone is smoking. The smoke literally
does go out through the windows; it comes in through the door. I agree
with you. It's incredibly unpleasant. I certainly don't hesitate in moving this
Motion for those reasons. As I said, no popularity contest ever was won with
reducing or discussing cutting down the use of tobacco. However, I am very
enthusiastic about this. It worked well at the County. Thank you so much
for being willing to oversee that within our City. I really appreciate it.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: I did make a Motion, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second it.

MOTION:     Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to:

A.    Approve an Agreement with the County of Santa Clara relating to the
      administration and enforcement of a Tobacco Retail Permit Program in
      the City of Palo Alto; and

B.    Direct Staff to draft an Ordinance amending Chapter 9.14 Smoking
      and Tobacco Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to establish a
      Tobacco Retail Permit Program; and

C.    Adopt an Ordinance amending Chapter 9.14 (Smoking and Tobacco
      Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to ban smoking in units in
      multi-unit residences and common areas, and make other minor
      amendments to smoking restrictions (remove bingo games as places
      and workplaces exempt from the City’s prohibition against smoking in
      enclosed places).

                                                                         Page 57 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
