                          TRANSCRIPT
the shelf ahead of time, so it's your lucky day. You show up, and that's
what you can check out. You're limited to ten of those items, and they only
check out for 1 week compared to the four week checkout for our regular
material. You need to read fast. Many people take as many as they can and
then realize they can't do it. It's another way to satisfy the people who
happen to come into the Library on a frequent basis.

Chair Loy: It's also my unofficial survey of various people who talk to me
about the Library. It seems to have caused people to not say, "I can't get
the best sellers at the Library," and instead say, "I found this at the Library,"
which is a whole different attitude. Now we're going to get a little technical.
This year, the Sierra program was rolled out. This was part of the 2011-
2013 technology—I wrote 2011. I think it's 2009-2013 technology plan,
which had the idea of a full-service, online Library branch. This is a state of
the art—other libraries are using an open library type of platform for
handling a catalog upgrade.         All the content appears in the catalog
regardless of format or source. It gives you better search results, gives you
online links to the digital collection. You can easily put a book on hold
through the catalog. There are two tabs on this catalog, if you've used it.
One says catalog; one says catalog plus. Catalog plus is Link+ interlibrary
loan system. There's a special mobile interface which is really much needed
in these days. It makes it much easier to read things and use this stuff on
your phone. There are also language preference settings, which is pretty
fantastic. When Don and I talked to Mayor Burt, he said he would be
interested in how the digital collection works. We have a few little examples
here. This page shows three pictures, three screen pages from my phone.
The screen on the left, at the top, has a little app. This little app up here in
the left-hand corner is called My Library. It's in beta, but it gives you this
picture here. You can click here and search the catalog. We'll show you a
little bit about what that looks like in a bit. You can look at your account.
This is my account. It shows that I had at the time two books checked out,
two books on hold, and no fines. Social media is integrated into that. That's
a great way to be able to quickly check things. Each of these apps is
actually a separate app that you could use to view your e-books or e-media
if you checked out. We'll talk more about them in detail, but they are
different magazines and types of books. We talked about part of this
already. The mobile app interface, which you click on if you're in My Library,
is much more intuitive for mobile use. You might find that, if you were just
using Safari and you did a search for Palo Alto City Library and then clicked
on the catalog. It would show you to mobile part. I covered everything on
these bullets, so we'll just go on to another picture. This shows what the
catalog looks like. Over here, this is the mobile app. This gives you a lot of
choices, but basically each one of these things is one of the possible services
that you could use. They are separate services, and that's one of the things
                                                                          Page 7 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
