                          TRANSCRIPT
have broader support. Before I end the presentation, can I ask the SSO
opponents to hold up their banners. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Katie Renati. Welcome.

Katie Renati: My name is Katie Renati. I'm speaking on behalf of the Royal
Manor SSO Committee. There has been a recent effort to reach common
ground between supporters and opponents of the SSO. Our committee has
sent a statement to Council, and I would like to highlight key points here.
The main conflict between owners who want the flexibility to expand their
homes by adding a second story and those who want protection against
development affecting their privacy, is access to light and value. This is the
conflicts we're seeing. Such conflicts have been addressed by other cities.
Cupertino, for example, has an R-1E zoning for Eichler neighborhoods, that
allows second stories under controlled conditions. Unfortunately, Palo Alto
doesn't have such an ordinance. If Palo Alto could establish an Eichler
zoning that allowed for some flexibility beyond simply restricting homes to
one story, it would likely gain support from more owners, including many
currently in opposition. Such zoning would allow second stories in suitable
cases and relax setback restrictions in others. As part of a solution, we
would like to ask Council to initiate the process of crafting Eichler guidelines
and regulations. The goal would be to ensure that notifications or additions
do not adversely affect other homes or the neighborhood around it, with
consideration for expansion needs and the unique characteristic of Eichler
neighborhoods. It will take the City time to design and pass such an
ordinance. In the meantime, there is grave danger that Eichlers in Royal
Manor could be torn down and replaced by large, overbearing houses
affecting all surrounding homes and permanently altering the streetscape.
The IR process has not been effective in preventing this. Royal Manor is still
an intact, original Eichler tract. Even a single tear-down will jeopardize the
future of attractive and harmonious community.             Royal Manor needs
protection from two-story construction today. The only means we have is
this SSO. We urge Council to pass it today and direct Staff to begin the
institution of Eichler zoning. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Kalpak Shah.

Kalpak Shah: Hi. My name is Kalpak Shah. I live at 3483 Thomas Drive. I
am one of the people who switched sides from initially saying yes to no.
There are a lot of neighbors with whom we have very friendly relations. This
is a wonderful neighborhood. Darcy here, Richard here, they asked me
personally and my wife redo the Eichler in Eichler style and renovate. I
think it's a really—I love Eichlers. I renovated the house in that. I feel like
what we are trying to do is—there's a lack of clarity in the neighborhood in

                                                                         Page 43 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
