                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Zirkle: Yes, it's a three-story office building with a sizeable mechanical
area in the roof level for a total approximate building height of 56 feet
measured from grade.

Mayor Burt: May I come in there? Maybe Staff can—we don't normally
count the mechanical as part of building height. The current building is
actually what?

Mr. Misner: I think 56 feet as stated by the architect. It's a mansard roof.

Mayor Burt: He just said that included the mechanical.         We don't count
mechanical as part of our defined building height.

Mr. Misner: The height is calculated to the top of the roof material.

Mayor Burt: Roof material, but not mechanical. I think he was saying it was
56 feet extended to the top of the mechanical.

Mr. Zirkle: Mayor Burt, just to clarify. The mechanical space is actually
enclosed as part of—I think what you're talking about is roof-mounted
mechanical units. This is actually a room which has a floor and a ceiling that
contains the mechanical units inside. It's concealed in that roof zone, but
the actual roof of the building is actually above the mechanical units.

Mayor Burt: We'll have to get a better understanding of how that is counted
under our normal Codes and interpretation. Sorry.

Council Member Kniss: That's okay. Thank you. We have a lot of people
who are here tonight who are very concerned about this and concerned
about the height of the building that would have the residences in it. While
we're just musing about what could possibly be there, do you know if you
looked at a lower residential site, did you look at any other way to park?
Tell us what went on before you actually got to the new suggestion about
residences. You certainly have heard us as a Council many times talk about
trying to concentrate more of our residences Downtown. I'm sure this is in
response to that.

Mr. Zirkle: For sure. Good questions. What's in your packet here is a series
of street sections. Again, what's before you tonight is some questions that
we're proposing and asking to get feedback on. I don't think any of us are
naïve to the discussions, and the concerns will come out of massing and
scale. I think that centered around the idea of urban design, the evolution
of sustainable cities, you can't disassociate the jobs and housing overlay
onto this. I think part of our conversation internally and, I think, what the
client is really seeking to try to do here is really kind of put as much housing
                                                                          Page 6 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
