                          TRANSCRIPT
top of the property mean it's hard to do in the future some kind of additional
barriers to prevent horizontal transmission.         Does it prevent future
opportunities for a deeper cleanup if that's deemed necessary in the future
in order to provide additional safety for neighboring residents?

Ms. Villamater: With respect to the onsite development, if there is a
correlation made and considering we have removed the source of TCE from
the site itself ...

Council Member Wolbach: The sump itself has been removed.

Ms. Villamater: The sump itself, correct. We don't see how it would—
considering how it happened approximately 30 years ago, we don't see any
of the data that we've collected so far changing if we were to do additional
data. That being said, we don't see how if you were to—I don't see us
adding additional measures, I should say, to be more protective because we
don't anticipate any changes in the data that we've already collected.

Council Member Wolbach: That's reassuring. My question is a little bit
different. It is a little bit of a hypothetical and perhaps it's not—it's perhaps
a little bit of hypothetical. If we did determine in the future that the TCE
that is remaining onsite, as there is some, if we determine in the future that
some horizontal transmission of that might be going across the street or
going to adjacent properties and creating a contamination at those other
properties, would the construction of these homes prevent future cleanup or
future horizontal barriers?

Mr. Piros: I think in this case, if anything was to be done, it'd have to be
focused in the area of significant impact. Anytime you do a site cleanup,
you're usually going to target the source. The term "secondary source" is
used too basically where you have remaining high levels of contamination.
As far as (inaudible), we're talking about seeing maybe some exceedances
of the screening level. In terms of mediation, you look at potential remedial
methods. TCE, the type of contaminant we have here, one potential method
is soil vapor extraction. Usually when you get to these, you may be above
the screening level, but in terms of doing remediation, it's not real effective.
We do have some sites where we have soil vapor extraction being done.
What we're finding is we're starting to hit the—we're getting so much of a
reduction in contaminant concentrations and it starts to level out.

Council Member Wolbach: Point of diminishing returns basically.

Mr. Piros: I'm starting to get tired here, I think. That is what I was trying
to say.

                                                                          Page 51 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
