                          TRANSCRIPT
into a park. I'm not sure why two acres is (inaudible).       Rob, maybe you
could answer that for me.

Mr. de Geus: Can you—we didn't get the Packet Pages.

Vice Mayor Scharff: On Packet Page—I don't think the two acres—I just
wrote two acres on Packet Page 80. When I read through this, it talked
about a minimum of two acres.

James Keene, City Manager: They don't get the packet numbers. Can you
see the ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll use something else besides the Packet Pages. In
general, in this book, in our thing, it talks about two acres as a minimum
where we're looking for parks, size of parks. Did I misunderstand that
somewhere?

Mr. de Geus: We'll take a look at that. It's certainly not the intent. You can
have a small quarter acre actually. It can be a great little park for respite if
it's in the right location, that can (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I thought. If you're in agreement, it's not
an issue. The problem I have—on Page 59 then—if you don't have Packet
Page 80, do you have Page 59 of your Staff Report? Where it says 1B12,
identify and dedicate as parkland City-controlled spaces, services capable of
serving park-like or recreational facility uses, where you say Winter Lodge,
Gamble Gardens, Rinconada Community Center, GreenWaste facility, etc.
First of all, I think we should say identify and dedicate as parkland City-
controlled spaces that are appropriate for dedication and leave it at that. I
don't think we should go through these unless we are actually interested in
dedicating those. I don't see that. Some Council Members have spoken that
we should look at dedicating Winter Lodge or Gamble Gardens. I don't want
to dedicate things unless I understand why we're dedicating them and what
that achieves. I'm going to pick on Gamble House because I understand it
better, because it's right near my house. I like the fact that we do weddings
there. I like the fact that when I drive by, there are often people having
weddings, or when I bike or walk or whatever, there's stuff going on there.
I like all the community events that occur there. I'm glad that it's a polling
place. I wonder what we would lose there if we dedicate it as parkland,
because there are different rules for parkland. I don't remember what all
those rules are; I just know there's a bunch of rules around parkland. I
think before we decide to go out and dedicate a bunch of stuff, we need to
understand what that means for that particular location. There's nothing
broken about Gamble House. I don't think there's anything broken about
the Winter Lodge. I don't think anyone's planning on developing the Winter
                                                                        Page 22 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
