                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene.

Mr. Keene: ... it's not in the Motion, but I said that we would come back to
the Council prior to soliciting bids with more cost benefit clarity.

Mayor Burt: We'll have that additional guidance. I do want to just respond
to your math, Council Member DuBois. I kind of gave the benefit of the
doubt toward the benefit. I think I rounded downward. Based on the
numbers that Jessica provided, it sounds like our average utilization for the
four parking garages is currently in the 80-85 percent range. She didn't
give a number for the ballpark of the Alternative 2. Alternative 1, they gave
a ballpark of 90-95 percent, and the primary close to 100. No, we're talking
each one of these increments is a very strong payback. The other thing is
that this is a long-term solution.         I'm not saying it's a long-term
implementation. Shaving perhaps a few months and not going for a solution
that will save millions of dollars and be a much better technology, I think, is
shortsighted. I want to ...

Council Member DuBois: Just to clarify. We heard that one lot is at 100
percent full today. There are other ways to fill lots. That's really the point
I'm making. It was 85 percent with no solution, so adding a facility count
solution would have some improvement. If there are other ways to fill lots
where we get to 100 percent already, (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: The near 100 percent on one lot ...

Council Member DuBois: Shows high demand for that lot.

Mayor Burt: It's only at peak hour that they were referring to that. Under
the rationale of if it were near 100 percent, then the argument would be
don't put anything on that lot. I don't think your ...

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk)

Mayor Burt: Just a second. I've got the floor back. I think that we see that
there would be significant benefit to a technology even on the lot that is the
highest utilization, because there's a whole bunch of the day where we'll get
better utilization. The parking problems exist not just at peak hour. They're
just the worst at peak hour, at lunch time. We're going to get a lot of
benefit. It dwarfs the difference in expense in my mind. In any event, I see
no more lights. The Motion is to—we don't have it before us.

Council Member Wolbach: Do we have a Motion?



                                                                         Page 75 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
