                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Can I ask a clarifying question that may lead to whether I want
to second this. Absent this, we right now have certain permitted uses. We
have these properties along Alma, for instance, but they're currently under
the retail interim Ordinance or moratorium. Are you saying that this would
become—how would that fit in with—are you assuming that the moratorium
would be permanent and that this would be allowed within that or are you
assuming that the moratorium would go away and what would remain would
be any adjustments to other zoning outside of that?

Council Member Holman: That's a very good point. It's a very good point.
Actually, I would withdraw the amendment, because your point is on point.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “require a Conditional Use Permit (CUP) for
private schools in SOFA II.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Burt: It was an either or, so I don't know which thing was a good
point.

Council Member Holman: If we do continue and preserve—I guess though a
private school could move into an office location that has the potential
hazardous situation. I think we still have the health and safety issue.

Mayor Burt: I'm still trying to understand what's the intention on areas that
are not in our ground-floor retail protection, that are in SOFA. What's the
intention on what would be allowed to happen there?

Council Member Holman: Like I say, in office areas—Jonathan, maybe you
can help with this. In the areas that are allowed ...

Mayor Burt: No, I'm talking about retail. We have properties that were
captured in the retail protection Ordinance that are not in this updated retail
zone. They're in the SOFA. SOFA, as you say repeatedly, has its own
zoning. Under that zoning, they're allowed to do other things than retail in
some of those areas. What happens?

Council Member Holman: I guess your point is that we're not addressing
other uses now. If we're addressing only the ground-floor retail, this isn't
the time to bring up a CUP for private schools, because they wouldn't be
able to take the place of retail anyway.

Mayor Burt: It all depends. They would be able to take the place of retail
under existing zoning in areas that are outside of the ground-floor retail area

                                                                       Page 88 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
