                         TRANSCRIPT
million over three years for tree pruning and removal services on a 10-year
maintenance cycle.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. This was, as you recall,
last night pulled by some of the Council Members for discussion. We did put
out an addendum to the Staff Report this afternoon. Hopefully the Council
has it before you. This addendum does try to identify in sort of high-level
terms what the differences would be as to the cycle and the percentage of
canopy that would be removed under either the 15, 10 or 7-year cycle. It
also identifies the cost difference if the Council was interested in moving
from the 10-year cycle, which has been approved in the budget, to a 7-year
cycle. Walter and I are here to answer questions. He can speak more
specifically to the canopy itself. I can speak to the funding. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We really had Council Member questions on this
and reconsideration. I think those who removed it from Consent can
address this first. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: As I'm sure you know, I've had questions and
concerns about this from when it came to Finance Committee on a 15-year
cycle and even reducing it from a 15 to a 10-year cycle because
Mr. Passmore, our Urban Forester, had said that the industry standard if 5-
10 years.    Subsequent to that, I've even gotten more interested and
concerned about our process. When you're ready, I have a Motion that I've
drafted and provided to David.

Council Member Kniss: Just make it.

Council Member Holman: The letter that we got from the State's Urban
Forester got me to thinking is it the right process that we're even using. Is
it one contractor fits all? One size fits all tree management. I don't have
the answers to some of these things. I do know that we have been a Tree
City USA for 29 years. Our City's named after a tree. It seems to me that,
looking at the letter that came and some subsequent conversation with
Canopy and Catherine Martineau, if our City can't come up with a model
means to manage our urban forest, then what City can. We have many
areas where we try to excel and be the leaders. It seems to me this is a
very appropriate one where we can do, given the numerous advantages of
our urban canopy. If you're ready for a Motion, I will put it out there. It
looks long, but it's really not. My suggestion is that we move forward—the
City Manager had actually indicated when we had the first discussion on this
that we can try this for a year and then revisit it. What we got was a three
year contract with no opportunity for revisiting it or extension or
amendment. What I've suggested here is that we go ahead and approve the

                                                                       Page 74 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/28/16
