                           TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt: We had this example of the 1050 Page Mill that was outside of
this project area, but with their TDM program, they appear to be virtually no
impact.    Under "2c," where we're struggling with this enthusiastically
recommended, I think maybe a different descriptor, maybe exceptional
design quality. Right now to pass ARB, you have to have acceptable design
quality. They have a battle to get them up to acceptable. Sometimes they
get a project that comes in the door that they think is very good or
exceptional. Most of the time, they work to lift it up to whatever is an
acceptable quality.     I think we're looking for exceptional design and
exceptional compatibility. When I jump down to "4" and "5," we have public
benefits, but then under uses, 5e says mixed use projects that provide space
for cultural amenities. It seems to me that the cultural amenity is a public
benefit, and that's what we're really trying to capture there. I think we need
to quickly come with any adjustments we have to the scoring as far as
recommendations, unless we want this to return. I just wanted to make
sure I understand what I believe to be the case is that we have transferrable
development rights and we had a project a couple of weeks ago on the Sea
Scout Base where we authorized TDRs. Those TDRs would not in any way
affect the scoring or approval of projects. Correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: They don't in any way add to the square footage that could be
built in a given year? They won't change the 50,000 square foot limit. If
somebody has a TDR for 70,000 square feet, they don't have an entitlement
to use that unless they compete well under the 50,000 square foot cap,
right? On the Downtown, we have a separate overall cap. Adding TDRs
didn't change that overall cap either. There's a multiyear limit on what can
be built no matter how many square feet per year. I think it's important we
seem to have a misconception including in one of our leading local
publications that somehow a TDR was going to allow certain things to be
built that otherwise wouldn't be able to be built. I just wanted basically to
correct that. We need to come back with a motion and try to move on.
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll take a crack at a motion. I'll move the Staff
motion to adopt the Administrative Guidelines and ask Staff to add some
clarification to each criteria that will allow a sliding scale for scoring, in other
words maximize differentiation between projects.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

                                                                             Page 63 of 91
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 2/8/16
