                         TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt: You're saying don't let the other three Council Members provide
...

Council Member Holman:      They can speak to the motion and do it at that
point in time.

Mayor Burt: No, they haven't had the opportunity that the rest of you have
had. No, that's not the process. We can go ahead and continue up until
maybe 9:30, and then we need to switch to another—we have two more
Agenda items, Actions Items tonight.       Let's see where we are.      My
anticipation is that we are not going to be near wrap-up at that time, but
let's go ahead and proceed. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you, and thank you, guys, for what you have
done here. I will wryly comment on Council Member Scharff's last point that
in my previous life it never occurred to us to go look to cities to figure out
how to put programs in place for employee wellness. I'd agree with that
one. I'm not sure that the City should be leading the private sector in that.
I wanted to weigh in just briefly. If we do the straw poll, I concur with all
the comments that have been made principally by Council Member Kniss on
sort of the programs that Gail and Don brought up. I wanted to comment
briefly on parks. I agree with Council Member DuBois and Council Member
Holman. I actually have a suggestion on this. Community facilities are not
the same as parks. I think parks are really important to people. The Policy
4.6 which discusses the National Park standards of 4 acres of in-town park
space per 1,000 residents, 2 acres of neighborhood parks and 2 acres of
district parks. The draft has downgraded the language in that to aspirational
and guidelines. I'm assuming the reason that that was done is because if
you look at how many park space and how many residents we have, it
doesn't work out to 4 acres. I assume you folks did that, because you sort
of look at the conflict between the what the Comp Plan says and the reality.
That said, I think people really care about parks here. Our playing fields are
all occupied until 10:00 at night every night. We can't find enough space for
dog parks. I think there is a need for this. I think a healthy city has lots of
park space. I actually looked this up. San Francisco which is much, much
denser than Palo Alto actually does meet the standard of 4 acres. I think
aspirational is pretty vague. Not that we would do this, but if we were to
pave over half our parks as parking lots, we would still be aspiring to the
national standard. I think the A-word and the G-word out to go and retain
the language in the previous version. IF we want to keep that, then one
thing you might consider is add some other language like—I mean, if the
issue is the conflict between what the Comp Plan says and what the reality is
                                                                         Page 40 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
