                          TRANSCRIPT
dwelling units. Again, I think you'll probably hear from members of the
community too, but I think there's that balance that's trying to be achieved.
When you—I think the reference here is an effort to strike that balance and
achieve what the area residents are hoping to see be accomplished with this
development.

Council Member Wolbach: It just seems a bit strange, but I'll reserve my
further comments until comments later.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I remember traffic was a big issue in the previous
Maybell discussion. This, of course, has many fewer housing, dwelling units.
The big change is the exit now for 11 of the units on Clemo, and Clemo is
blocked off from Maybell. It means the Clemo-Arastradero intersection has
more traffic than before. Is there a traffic light or stop signs at Clemo and
Arastradero?

Mr. Ah Sing: There's just a stop sign, and there's some improvements for
pedestrian crossings there.

Council Member Schmid: There's a stop sign for the traffic moving on
Arastradero or is it a stop sign on Clemo?

Mr. Ah Sing: It's just Clemo.

Council Member Schmid: During rush hour, you have 11 units and the
average number of workers coming out is 16. Of course, you have other
traffic for school and things like that. I assume that that's difficult to make a
left turn onto Arastradero from there. Is there a potential traffic issue? I
know you say there's only going to be six cars during the morning rush.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Good evening. Josh Mello,
Chief Transportation Official. We did conduct a traffic impact analysis for
this project, and we analyzed what the impacts to Clemo and Arastradero
would be. Given the volumes generated from the development, a traffic
signal is not warranted at Clemo and Arastradero. The level of service
exiting Clemo will likely be relatively poor. We do anticipate a lot of people
will actually end up making a right turn out of Clemo in lieu of waiting for a
gap in traffic during the peak hour to turn left. There are existing "keep
clear" markings on Arastradero for westbound traffic, to try to keep that
intersection clear for folks turning into and out of Clemo. Beyond that,
                                                                         Page 77 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
