                          TRANSCRIPT
that we could purchase, because we know that water is a hot commodity.
We're willing to sit down and do some more discussions around it. I won't
say very much other than thank you very much for this start in this very
important discussion. I'm here as a resident first and as the Mayor second.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Peter Drekmeier, to be
followed by Tess Byler. Welcome. Welcome, former Mayor Drekmeier.

Peter Drekmeier: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and Council Members. Is there a
way to show overheads now? We got rid of that. I feel guilty keeping you
all here an extra three minutes. Peter Drekmeier, Fulton Street, Palo Alto. I
also work for the Tuolumne River Trust, so I'm doing a lot of work with
water. I grew up in Midtown Palo Alto. One of my best friends commuted to
our school from East Palo Alto. It was almost kind of strange for me that
East Palo Alto and Palo Alto weren't the same City. In fact, they were in a
different county, and we knew that because he had access to “Now &
Later’s”, that delicious candy that wasn't available in Santa Clara County at
the time, so he was very popular. My ZIP Code was 94303, and I remember
being very disappointed 10 years or so ago that a lot of people in the 94303
were upset that they were lumped in with East Palo Alto, which is also
94303, because it made their insurance costs higher, because it was a less
advantaged community. Why are we the privileged complaining? We should
be fighting to make sure that it's equitable across the city and county lines.
I think the biggest injustice, one of them, to East Palo Alto was when the
allocation of water was determined in the mid-'80s. East Palo Alto was just
recently incorporated and represented by the County and really got the short
end of the stick, two million gallons a day for a community that's almost half
the size of Palo Alto. We got 17 million gallons per day. This is wonderful. I
really want to thank Mayor Burt and Council Members DuBois and Filseth
and Holman for bringing this forward. I'll tell you the community really
supports this. I have not heard anyone say this is a bad idea, and I've been
talking to a lot of people about this for many years. What I wanted to show
you—I'm sure you can't all see this. It's really phenomenal what we've done
to conserve water in the SFPUC service territory, San Francisco and 26
communities like Palo Alto and East Palo Alto, 2.6 million people. We've
reduced our water use 30 percent in 10 years. It'll rebound a little bit, but I
think people are really aware that it's a finite resource. There's a cap of 265
self-imposed by the SFPUC. Even before the drought kicked in, we were at
225. Last year we were at 180, so that's going to rebound. Bay Area Water
Supply Conservation Agency (BAWSCA), which we're a member of, revisited
demand projections for 2040. BAWSCA has a cap of 184 Millions of Gallons
per Day (MGD), million gallons per day. The projections for 2040 are 168.
We're in really good shape. The last thing I wanted to show you is that—I'm
                                                                         Page 72 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
