  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

the parking is pretty shocking. And that the cost of EVs being projected
aside from that the far lower operating costs, but the purchase price cost
within seven years is expected to be at or below internal combustion
engines. I can tell you that Tesla when you think about total cost of
ownership of EVs their goal is that over the life of your car you buy
windshield wipers and tires. So the whole model is changing on all of this.

But we use the term sustainability a lot and I spent a decade involved with
sustainability programs and I kind of get a little uneasy when I see
sustainability being used as a term right and left and we don’t quite stop and
talk about what it means and understand it. So this is really a fairly
established definition. It’s the ability to maintain or improve standards of
living without damaging or depleting natural resources for our generation or
future generations. And I’d say for instance in the part of our traffic
congestion it’s not good enough to sustain what we have now. We have to
get back to where we were a few years ago. So the challenge is even
greater, but we’ve been moving in the right direction.

Many of you know that just a couple of years ago we moved toward carbon
free electricity for our electricity supply. And Palo Alto is the only city in the
state that owns all of its utilities. Many cities own a good portion, but we
own all of them. And so after we had that we had a team group with the
Media Center who came up and I’ll see if I can get this to play right… nope.
David, I may need your help. Let’s see, we’ll go there.

[Played video]

So that’s one of our only in Palo Alto sorts of videos, right? Oh, so let me go
back, so that takes us back to this traffic issue and can we fix it? I’m
actually optimistic that we can. It’s not going to fix itself, I’ll guarantee you
that, but when we look at we have the beginnings of a whole program that
we’re going to be addressing. So some of it, many of you know Caltrain is
going to go through a modernization electrification program and level
boarding and longer trains and it will nearly double the capacity of Caltrain.
And some of you who take Caltrain may know that it is now standing room
only at peak hour. Not only that, at the end of the line San Francisco has
been working on their downtown subway system. In 2019 that will be
complete so you get off of Caltrain and you can go to four different stops out
to Moscone and Market and China Town and it becomes a just much more
efficient higher capacity faster and cleaner system.



                                                                              Page 11 of 18
                                                                  State of the City Address
                                                                                    2/24/16
