                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: You think you can be back to Council within four
months maybe?

Ms. Ratchye: If we can come straight to Council with the proposal, we can
do it relatively quickly.

Council Member Holman: Looking at the maker of the Motion, do you see
any reason for this to go back to Finance or just come back straight to
Council?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm actually fine with it going straight to the UAC and
then coming to Council. If that would delay it excessively, then I think it
should come directly to Council. I don't think we need to go to Finance
Committee, with all due respect. I'm really looking to Staff to sort of get a
sense of what they think about that. I want to honor the UAC a little bit in
the process.

Council Member Holman: I should have said UAC in addition to Finance. Is
Staff okay with that just coming straight back to Council, it sounds like?
With that as a stipulation, do you think you could be back within four months
so any impact on folks would be pretty minimal, if any? You're confident in
that regard? I see lots of nodding of heads but nothing on the record.

Mr. Shikada: Yes, that would be fine. Can do.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to Council within four
months” after “direct Staff to return.”

Council Member Holman: With that, I'm happy to support the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Equally happy to support the Motion with one other
question or request. How are you going to publicize this? Not everybody is
watching tonight who lives in Palo Alto. This is a change, and this should
motivate people with using solar energy.

Mr. Abendschein: I can talk about a few ways that the word will get out.
First off, we have a Staff member who's devoted to solar. She actively looks
through building permits and keeps in touch with customers who are
considering solar, to keep a status on have they signed a contract yet, how
far are they in the permit process. She's in contact with all of those
customers. Those folks will receive information. We'll also be doing the sort


                                                                      Page 34 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
