             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to direct Staff to prepare a comment letter to Santa Clara
County, for signature by the Mayor, supporting the Stanford housing project,
incorporating the following language, “construction of higher density infill
housing near transit centers and jobs is precisely the type of project the
Governor’s office has determined will reduce vehicle miles traveled, and
associated greenhouse gas emissions.” And include, “as project plans are
developed, attention be paid to continuing the tree screening and ongoing
Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) impacts mitigated at
whichever threshold is more restrictive, those of the City of Palo Alto or the
County of Santa Clara.”

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois not participating

12.   Comprehensive Plan Update: Housing Sites and Programs.

Council Member DuBois returned to the meeting at 8:29 P.M.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Number 11.

11.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and
      Approval of a Site and Design Review Application for a new Two-Story,
      7,500 Square Foot, 50-Foot Tall Building Designed to Handle Sludge
      De-watering and Truck Load-outs, With Adjacent Stand-by Generator,
      and a new Outdoor Equipment Area Next to the Existing Incinerator, to
      be Placed Centrally on the Regional Water Quality Control Plant Site at
      2501 Embarcadero Way.

Public Hearing opened at 10:17 P.M.

Staff requested Agenda Item Number 11 be continued to March 28, 2016.

At this time Council returned to Agenda Item Number 12.

12.   Comprehensive Plan Update: Housing Sites and Programs.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member XX to
direct Staff to:




                                                                              Page 4 of 6
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 3/21/16
