                          TRANSCRIPT
but I just wanted to get clarity. Am I missing this or was that maybe a
minor—something that was missed in Slide 14?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. I'm going to have to
go back and look at the Motion that the Clerk—I thought I grabbed that from
the summarized motion, but if I grabbed it from an earlier part of the
discussion that evening, I apologize. I'll go back and check.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks. Secondly, Scenarios 1-3 and also
Options 1 and 2 of the Staff recommendations for Scenario 5, which of those
or do all of them or do none of them hit our RHNA requirements?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. It gives me an opportunity to
talk a little bit about RHNA as it relates to projections. What we're trying to
develop for the EIR analysis is a reasonable projection of what we think
might happen by the year 2030. ABAG develops projections for 2030 and
other years. ABAG also develops RHNA numbers. They're different. They
have different functions and different purposes. I think it's a good question
to ask yourself; are these projections large enough to accommodate our
RHNA numbers and/or how much housing we typically build of our RHNA
numbers? I think the answer is yes. We don't typically build out our RHNA
numbers. We build housing at a lower rate than our RHNA numbers. That's
been our practice. We've tried to identify projections that are big enough
that they would get us a reasonable amount towards our RHNA projections
and are a good approximation of what we think with aggressive housing
policies we could accomplish in the 15-year period.

Council Member Wolbach: My last question for now. I've gotten email—I
think we all did—from Bob Wenzlau regarding process.           Basically he's
suggesting that we hold off and slow down the EIR process and focus more
on collaborative discussions between Council and the Comp Plan CAC on
developing the policies and the vision separate from the EIR and slow down
the EIR. I wanted to hear if Staff had any response to that before we moved
forward with the discussion tonight.

Ms. Gitelman: Obviously this is something that the Council could consider.
We have proposed a process where we're working on those three strands
simultaneously, Council, CAC and the CEQA Staff process, hoping that they
will each inform each other and we'll get to the endpoint by doing all three
simultaneously. You could decide you want to do them sequentially instead.
I'll tell you that will elongate the process significantly. CEQA is always or
almost always the most time consuming part of a planning effort like this. If
we wanted to do it sequentially, I think we'd be pushing out this effort at
least by another year or two.

                                                                        Page 58 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
