                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Atkinson: Just to wrap that up. Rob presented a brief overview of the
draft budget and Business Plan. The only recommendation in front of you
tonight from Staff is to approve and authorize the City Manager or designee
to execute the Funding Agreement between the City, the Palo Alto TMA and
the Silicon Valley Community Foundation.         With that, we're open to
questions on the Funding Agreement, and Rob and Wendy are available for
questions on the TMA.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I think what we'll do—we have one speaker card so
far—is we'll hear from the public and then return to the Council for questions
and comments. I do want to just say that when we as a Council reviewed
your initial proposal three months ago, it was a modest proposal based upon
what you were able to identify you could do with kind of self-funding,
volunteer funding. We asked for you to come back with something that
would be concrete in terms of how you would achieve the Council objective
of the 30 percent single occupancy trip reduction, what it would cost, what
the measures would be. I'm really pleased to see something that really has
responded to all of our requests. Thank you for all your work, to you and
Wendy and the others who contributed on this. I have one speaker card,
Adina Levin. Welcome.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members, Staff and TMA participants.
Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain. Thanks to the TMA for putting forward this
plan and to Council for considering the plan and moving forward towards
considering $100,000 to move forward with the initial pilot programs. Using
the information from the survey in collaboration with the business
community, the TMA has identified a reasonable set of pilot programs to
start getting Downtown workers out of cars. As you do consider the next
steps for the TMA, I would urge you to recommend to Staff and the TMA one
more step to pursue faster results. According to the scenario that was
presented to you in those charts that you saw, those were budget scenarios
that showed the ability to achieve that 30 percent trip reduction goal in a
three year or five year timeframe with a budget of $1.3-$1.4 million per
year. In order to escalate that progress, parking revenues could provide a
strategically complementary source of funding. A $1 increase per day of
garage full-price permits could raise about $1 million per year to enable the
City to achieve the trip reduction goals sooner. Also adjusting the parking
fees would reduce the cost of subsidizing other benefits, because it would be
relatively more competitive between parking and the alternative. The City is
also currently considering an employer tax. That would be complementary
with parking pricing, because it would enable any additional money to be
used more cost effectively, because the commuter already has a better
apples-to-apples comparison. Since there is some uncertainty as to whether
that's going to go forward and whether it will pass, pursuing the parking
                                                                            Page 73 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
