                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: The only other thing about Council Member Holman's request,
that I have to point out, is we don't have resources to …

Mr. Keene: If you'll be patient, I was going to do that.

Mr. Bobel: Sorry.

Mr. Keene: You get the message. First of all, the Ordinance isn't even
exactly clear—sorry to be like this—about what's the sequence of the
outreach and figuring out what to do. Secondly from that, this has been a
stretch to even respond on this initiative. As it is, the whole reason for
going with the County is they do this. They have the capacity; they have
the Ordinance. For us to go through this process, which could—this level of
engagement could generate all sorts of different alternatives. There is a
proven approach. Even if we were to develop something, it doesn't mean
that the County, even if we had the capacity to that which we don't, would
be able to enforce an Ordinance that we craft in our own way. We'd make
this really complicated and not possible really.

Mayor Burt: I'm going to support the initial Motion with striking "(f)(2)." I
think we heard that as a primary objection. I do want to make sure that
there's some mechanism for us to be able to look at any unintended
consequences or unfair consequences of the full County Ordinance. It's
problematic that we're approving a County Ordinance that really wasn't
fleshed out by the Policy and Services Committee after 2 years of work on
this. There may be other minefields in here, but at least that "(f)(2)" we
would be addressing.

Council Member Kniss: Pat, I want to add one thing.

Mayor Burt:    Council Member Kniss, I've got your light.     I just wanted to
(crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: This is in response to the substitute Motion. The
County's job is health. It isn't our job at the City. It's wonderful to have the
County coming forward. I know how carefully this was vetted and has been
used now for a number of years. I understand the concern for local retailers
and so forth. At the end of the day, we're talking about tobacco. What
Council Member Filseth just said is true. Tobacco kills people, and it's not
just a casual kind of thing that we're talking about. It is a dangerous drug.
I hope we will go back to the original Motion.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the substitute Motion. That fails on a 6-2 vote
with Council Members Wolbach and Holman voting yes.

                                                                          Page 67 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
