                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Thank you. One of the really great things about
Oak Court, which by the way wasn't a Planned Community (PC), it was a
part of the development agreement for South of Forest Area (SOFA) I. Just
to make sure we're all on the same page with that. One of the great things
about Oak Court was that the Housing Corp. worked very closely with the
neighbors and got the architect at some public meetings. There was a back-
and-forth about the design. It's very successful. Everybody loves it, the
neighbors, I think the Housing Corp., the people who live there. I actually
know a couple who live there. They all love it. Somebody asked me a long
time when I was liaison to the Housing Corp., "Why do you think people
sometimes oppose affordable housing projects?" I said then and I still think
this is the case that design really matters. How a project is compatible, how
it's designed, how it fits into the streetscape matters a lot. I think there are
a lot of things that can be done to make even higher-density projects fit into
the neighborhood. People have heard me say this before, so I won't go into
it. There actually was some housing in that SOFA area that actually was RM-
40, and nobody even knew it because of how it was designed and how it fit
in. Is the Housing Corp. looking at doing any co-op housing, and how much
square footage advantage is there with co-op housing models?

Ms. Gonzalez: We've only looked at it very briefly. It's not something that
we've done in the past. We'll certainly explore it. I know a couple of Board
Members have started asking us to look a little bit more into co-op housing.
We have co-op housing in the sense that we have a couple of Single Room
0ccupancies (SROs) where there's a shared kitchen or community area, but
not its own—the units don't have individual kitchens. We have it in some
areas, like in Downtown Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman: I hear seniors talking about especially wanting
that kind of model and interested in that kind of model, a little bit more than
shared kitchens, a little bit more living space that's shared than that. It
gives them the social aspects of it but still not having to maintain so much of
their own private space. You mentioned in one of the slides veterans
housing. I doubt this, but I need to ask it anyway. Is there any opportunity
at all to do any cooperative effort with the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA)? Marc and I went there earlier this year and talked to them, trying to
find space on the VA here in Palo Alto. Is there any opportunity or is that
just like a different entity and you can't do that?

Ms. Gonzalez: No, there's definitely an opportunity. We haven't set our
target population yet for the Cal Park. We want to set aside at least 20 of
the units for adults with developmental disabilities, because there is that
need. We can definitely still partner with the VA. Our Mountain View project


                                                                          Page 9 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
