                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: The Motion is to support the Staff recommendation. Please
vote on the board. That passes 8-1 with Council Member Wolbach voting
no. Thank you very much.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Wolbach no

Mayor Burt: We'll take a brief break.

Council took a break from 8:39 P.M. to 8:46 P.M.

12.   Discussion and Direction Regarding Parameters of an Ordinance
      Strengthening Retail Protections in Downtown and the South of Forest
      Area (SOFA II).

Mayor Burt: Turning to Item Number 12, which is a discussion and direction
regarding parameters of an Ordinance strengthening retail protections in the
Downtown and the South of Forest Areas. Jonathan, are you kicking off?

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. Good evening, City Council. I'd like to introduce Jean
Eisberg of Lexington Planning. She's our consulting planner working with us.
She's taking the lead on this effort. She has a brief presentation for us.

Jean Eisberg, Contract Planner: Good evening, Mayor Burt and members of
the Council. Tonight we're talking about Downtown and South of Forest
Area (SOFA) II retail protection Ordinance. Based on the City Council's
direction on August 22nd, Staff has prepared a framework for an Ordinance
for permanent retail protections to replace the interim Ordinance when it
expires. Tonight, we're looking for your feedback on that proposed approach
before we check in with other stakeholders and community members and
prepare a formal Ordinance for your consideration. Taking a step back to
look at the interim urgency Ordinance. This prohibits conversion of ground-
floor or basement retail and retail-like uses Citywide to any non-retail use.
The Ordinance is going to expire at the end of April. It was adopted during a
period of time when Downtown was seeing vacant retail spaces replaced
with office uses. It was intended to allow time to address permanent retail
protections, which is the purpose of this permanent Ordinance. The interim
Ordinance defines retail as shown here. This includes the sale of goods,
includes personal services such as hair salons, nail salons and commercial
recreation.    Additionally, the interim urgency Ordinance suspends the
ground-floor district's allowance for a 25 percent ground-floor area to be
occupied by other uses, otherwise allowed in the underlying district, such as
office uses. It also prevents retail uses from being replaced by conditionally
permitted uses. In the Downtown, the Ordinance has helped to prevent the
conversion of ground-floor retail space to office use since adoption. Just a
                                                                       Page 47 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
