                          TRANSCRIPT
their behalf to reiterate the fact that this wage increase, should you pass it
tonight, will not go to those who truly need the increase the most. Instead,
this increase will go to those who already receive the most per hour, when
you take into consideration their total taxable wages, and not those who
bring home solely an hourly paycheck. Furthermore, this Council has
specifically stated that the goal was to reach regional consistency. Now with
this current draft proposal that you'll be voting on tonight, there will be no
regional consistency at all. Three cities have voted not to go further on this
topic. Two cities have voted to do something more stringent. One city, Los
Altos, has passed something with different language yet the same wage
rate.    The remaining cities either have something on the books for
November or December or nothing on the books at all. Therefore, tonight
my members ask the Council to really think progressively. Pull this item
from the Consent Calendar and try to address the fact that not all businesses
are the same, nor are all employees.            Please avoid the unintended
consequences of a blanket minimum wage increase that we have seen in
neighboring cities and use mitigating factors as incentives for local
restaurant owners to have the ability to pay all their employees who really
need it the most. I'm here to address any questions, and I really again
reiterate the fact that this item needs to be pulled. Further discussion needs
to be made on the fact that not all businesses are alike. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I didn't see a comment from Staff. I just want to
make sure people were aware, Council Members and members of the public
who might be interested, that there's an at-places memo that is referring to
Item 8, which is Code Enforcement. The City Auditor's welcome to speak to
this or City Attorney. Basically all it does is just clarifies the timing of the
2018 section of that. Also, I think the City Auditor's planning on coming to
the Council with a follow-up to the Policy and Services Study Session
concept, if that's correct. Maybe the City Auditor would like to speak to that.

Mayor Burt: Welcome, Ms. Richardson.

Harriet Richardson, City Auditor: Good evening, Mr. Chair, members of the
Council. Harriet Richardson, City Auditor. I've had a lot of communication
with different people about the Code Enforcement Audit that we do have
planned on our schedule. The at-places memo was to clarify the timing of
that audit, when we will start it given some other priorities on our agenda
right now. Also, in discussing with some people what the concerns were,
there was a suggestion made that I do a short study session to get more
input about what the general concerns are about Code Enforcement that
would help us when we plan our audit to identify areas to focus our efforts

                                                                        Page 26 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
