                          TRANSCRIPT
a great job because we've got that diversity of locations. I'm inclined to say
we should go with the Rinconada tennis courts but again looking at the pros
and cons. Quick math. The numbers on Page 5 of the Staff Report, Packet
Page 284, combine the Fiscal Year 2017 and Fiscal Year 2018 rental revenue
losses, assuming we could fill the space as a rental facility, assuming our
real estate division could fill it. That's $167,766. Add that to the cost of
Geng Road, and then the total cost for Geng Road is $311,766 estimated.
That puts it almost $22,000 ahead of the cost of Rinconada. Financially, it's
$21,766 cheaper to go with Rinconada, again assuming we can fill the rental
space over in Geng. Operationally, it's superior. Financially, it's superior to
go with the tennis courts. As the Chief pointed out, there's the question of
what it would cause in delay of moving the project forward. I just want to
open up the opportunity again for any further Staff thoughts on that. If the
Council said, "We just want to move forward with it. We'll do as much
community outreach as we can, but we want to expedite it" hypothetically,
how much delay would be caused in moving the project forward if we went
with Rinconada tennis courts over Geng Road?

Mr. Nickel: Brad or Matt, do you guys want to take on the community
outreach piece?

Mr. Eggleston: Sure. Brad Eggleston again. I think that if we had clear
direction from the Council that the Rinconada tennis courts were the
direction to pursue, we'd move forward with community outreach.
Potentially it might be a somewhat easier process. As Chief Nickel said, we
have had some correspondence with the citizens near the proposed
Middlefield site, but none so far at all with residents that are close to the
tennis courts. We would pursue that. Just to give a little perspective.
We've reached a point in design of the new Fire Station Number 3 where we
intend to take that to that to the Architectural Review Board for its second
hearing in November. We think that's likely to move forward. We'll be
trying to essentially as quickly, as expeditiously as possible complete the
design for Fire Station Number 3. As we said, hopefully begin construction
in the spring. It is a bit of a fast track, but I would say we could also jump
on the fast track with doing neighborhood outreach.

Council Member Wolbach: Of course, there's the challenge of we lose some
tennis courts for a year and a half. It really just seems to come down to a
debate between losing the tennis courts for a year and a half, which is going
to impact the people who utilize that recreational facility, and the extra
financial cost of almost $22,000, on the other hand, if we go with Geng
Road, also the potential additional response time. Even though it would be
on average within our target, it still would be slower response times. Those
seem to be the tradeoffs. Rob, did you have something?
                                                                       Page 40 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
