                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Dubois: One of the speakers suggested removing the six
homes on Ross. I see seven homes on Ross. How would that work?

Ms. French: I think there are seven homes. If those were removed, indeed
the percentage of support would be higher. That is also, I guess, a third
option, would be the Council could reduce the boundary without having to
re-notice this item.

Council Member DuBois: This has been a pretty lengthy process. It's taken
nearly a year to get to us. One of the speakers mentioned there was no
chance for the neighborhood to talk. I think this process is set up for
neighbors to talk to each other without involving the City. I would hope that
happens. It requires meeting the threshold when you apply, which they did.
We've seen a couple of these SSOs that have bounced up and down right
around that decision point. I just wanted to point out here that each home
is about two percent. Two more homes, we'd be back over the 60 percent.
It's really just fluctuating. I think we heard that the CCRs could be active.
If it's not approved and the residents remain concerned about this, I'd
suggest you reactivate those CCRs. I'm going to listen to my colleagues and
hear what their thoughts are.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I have some comments that really
relate to every SSO application. I think I made these a couple of months
ago. I'll make them again. Let me first ask a question. I know that we
asked Staff to go back and do Eichler guidelines. I appreciate fully the fact
that Staff is overloaded. I think it's fine for that to take time. I think it
should be a deliberate process. I think that's a good thing. Did we also ask
Staff to bring back to us at some point an opportunity to discuss the SSO
process and make changes to that process?

Ms. French: Yes, that was part of an earlier Motion with the Royal Manor
Public Hearing. Certainly the scope for the consultant includes looking at
other legislative-type changes in addition to guidelines for architectural
treatment.

Council Member Berman: We're almost asking them to do two different
things. Is it necessary to have a consultant to do that or is that something
that can come back to Staff for us to hash out (crosstalk)?

Ms. French: You'll have an opportunity to discuss this, I guess, when we
come back with the consultant contract for the Council to review. Certainly,
it would be a team approach but go hand-in-hand with—because all of these
single-story overlays are Eichler neighborhoods.
                                                                      Page 59 of 104
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/4/16
