                         TRANSCRIPT
I'm going to talk a little bit more about that on the next slide. With this
system, the majority of the technology is built into the stations themselves,
and the bikes are essentially dumb. They're just bikes that interlock into the
docking station. This type of system is used in New York, Boston, Downtown
Los Angeles (LA), Chicago, many other American cities. Paris and a lot of
the European cities also use this type of system. There's also one third
brand called Decobike which is used in San Diego and Miami Beach. All of
these generally share the same characteristics that there's a computer
interface on the station itself. That's how folks sign up for memberships and
check out the bikes. A new type of system that's becoming a lot more
common in the United States, especially with cities that are just rolling out
bike sharing, is what's called a smart bike system. This is where the
stations themselves are just typical bike racks, and there's actually no
technology built into the stations themselves. All of the technology is on the
bikes. In this photograph, the black box that's above the rear wheel on the
bikes is a computer processor that's linked via mobile networks to a central
computer. When somebody signs up for a membership, they use a smart
phone app that they can download very quickly. They select the network
they want to use, and then they are given an account number and a pin
number after they enter their credit card information. They can actually
reserve a bike using the smart phone app. If you're walking very quickly,
you need to get to a meeting, and you see there's a bike available a block
away, you can reserve that bike using your smart phone app. When you get
to the bike, you walk up to the keypad that's on the back, and you type in
your account number and your pin number, and the bike is immediately
unlocked. You take the yellow, U-shaped lock out there, and you put it onto
a little holder on the bike. One of the other benefits of this system is that
you can keep a bike checked out. I actually got to use this system in
Phoenix, that's where I got this photo about a month ago. I was able to
check out a bike at a hub across from my hotel, and then ride to a coffee
shop, temporarily lock that bike up in front of the coffee shop outside of a
typical bike share station. It charged me an extra dollar for being outside of
a hub, but I didn't mind because, when I came out of the coffee shop, the
bike was there, and I could jump back on it and ride it to a designated hub.
One of the other neat things about this system—Topeka, Kansas, does this—
you can create virtual hubs. In the case of Topeka, Kansas, their entire
downtown is designated as a bike share hub. Somebody can jump on one of
these bikes anywhere outside of downtown, ride to any normal bike rack
downtown, lock their bike up, and it's considered returned to a hub. Other
folks can use their smart phone apps and navigate to bikes that could be
placed anywhere around downtown. They don't necessarily have to be at a
fixed station. You can also create these kind of pseudo hubs like you see in
the photograph, that are very identifiable. If you're walking down the
street, if you're a visitor, you can easily tell that this is a bike share hub
                                                                          Page 3 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
