                          TRANSCRIPT
of location, location, location applies. Palo Alto is going to become a more
expensive community no matter what you decide tonight or at all. It's going
to become that because of outside forces that drive people to better
communities, and Palo Alto's going to remain where they go. The second is
that people have known for millennia how to make housing cheaper, and
that's to share it. That happens in communities all over the place, and it
happens in Palo Alto. It means that a four-bedroom house is going to be
more affordable than a micro unit, because that four-bedroom house can be
shared by four or eight people. That's going to happen no matter what you
do. We're going to see more parking problems, because you're going to
have four or eight separate people living in that house. You're going to see
more traffic, and that's all going to happen independently. My concern is
that hasn't been accounted for in any of the studies and such, because
everybody is looking at today, and they're not looking at the forces that are
going to happen in Palo Alto over the next decades regardless of these
choices. I'd ask that you factor that in. I think when you do, you're going
to see that we're going to have different ways of solving these problems.
That may be to have to adjust parking upward and traffic needs upward to
accommodate what's going to be coming. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Leslye Corsiglia to be followed by Lydia Kou.

Leslye Corsiglia: Mayor and City Council, my name's Leslye Corsiglia. I'm
Executive Director of Silicon Valley At Home. We're the voice of affordable
housing in the Silicon Valley. We represent a lot of the leading employers in
this region as well as nonprofit and for-profit developers and a lot of citizens
of the county that are interested in affordable housing. On behalf of my
members, I really commend you for the conversation you're having around
housing and especially around affordable housing, because it really is a
housing crisis. Some of the folks who have talked before have talked about
this is just situation that we have and that there's nothing we can do about.
I really disagree with that. Last year alone in the county, we created 64,000
jobs and only 5,000 housing units. We continue to exacerbate the problem
that we have. The other thing I think is really important to recognize—
people will talk about transportation as being a problem. You build more
housing, you create transportation problems. It's really the opposite. Our
transportation problems are created because we do not have enough
housing near our jobs. We need to be worried about the fit of our jobs and
our housing. Without that, we have people who are driving. We have
100,000 people in this county that drive into the county every day, net,
because we don't have enough housing here. What we encourage the City
to do is to plan and build for more housing, especially for affordable housing.
We really support density whether it be smaller units, whether it be height.
We need to use our land better. We have very few land opportunities in this
                                                                         Page 69 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
