                         TRANSCRIPT
the process, followed the process and got (inaudible) 63 percent, I think we
should look to protect the neighborhood with the interim SSO. We have a
very busy Staff; I'm asking them to come back with this evaluation, but I'm
thinking it's probably going to take longer than 90 days or six months even.
Again, I see people holding up their signs. The idea is that this would be a
discussion involving everybody, those for and against, to really allow second
stores where appropriate, but to do it in a way that helps protect your
neighborhood.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple of questions for Council Member
Berman. When you're talking about an Eichler zone, you're talking about an
Eichler overlay?

Mayor Burt: You meant DuBois, right?

Council Member Holman: DuBois, I'm sorry. Sorry, I'm thinking three
different things here at once. Are you thinking an Eichler overlay zone, is
that what you're thinking? Or an Eichler overlay district.

Council Member DuBois: Whatever is the best phrase. An Eichler zone
would be, I guess, an overlay, but it would be an enforceable zone.

Council Member Holman: If we could change it to Eichler overlay. Eichler
zone kind of means something else.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Parts A and B, “zone”
with “overlay.”

Council Member Holman: I'll make a comment, and I'm not going to amend
the Motion for this. Just as a comment, I'll say that strengthening the
Individual Review Guidelines, I don't think is going to save us any time. The
same things would have to be identified for IR to identify the compatibility
aspects for Eichler as would an overlay. I'm not sure it's going to save us
any time, but we'll wait to see what Staff thinks about that. I think I've
made the other comments that I wanted to about why I think it's important
to have this interim SSO in place in the interim. I hope other colleagues will
support this so we can all move forward and move forward together.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I will not be supporting the Motion.
To address some of Council Member DuBois' comments about the second set

                                                                       Page 69 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
