                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Just a couple of last comments here. I actually
liked the idea that Bob Moss had about using utility discounts to encourage
retail. I don't know if that's something we can do legally. The other
comment Mayor Burt made about PC zones, we didn't get much of a
recommendation from the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC)
this year. I think one path forward with PC zones would be to focus on
affordable housing; there'd be a lot more support for that. That's been
some of our most successful PC zoning projects. That's it. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Starting with the bigger picture, I
think that we've looked at before the introductions in some of these
chapters. I have to say that the introduction and planning context really are
very much focused on new development as opposed to, consistent with what
Council Member DuBois said, retention of community character. I think we
can do both, but there seems to be changes from the existing
Comprehensive Plan, which I have right here and reviewed as well when I
was looking at this. I think we've gutted too much of the current protections
for the neighborhood character, the community character and design
elements in the new foreword sections, I guess you could say, before we get
to policies and programs.       Also under City development, just a quick
comment here. I think it's a little overblown to say that from its earliest
days Palo Alto has been a world-class center of knowledge and innovation. I
think that's a little overstated from where we actually started. Under
sustainability and resilience—I did check, by the way, with the City Historian
on some of this stuff. Under sustainability and resilience, we seem to be
focused on the recent past, the Climate Action Plan in 2007, totaling ignoring
how progressive we were in the Park Dedication Ordinance, curbside
recycling, the purchase of Foothill Park and Pearson-Arastradero Preserve
and all of that. None of it is referenced here whatsoever. It's all very
strong, very large initiatives that this City took long before any of us were
even thinking about being on the Council. To start with 2007 is really
missing the boat on that. I also think in the residential neighborhoods we
don't really address adequately the various different designs and stages and
ages of development we have in the community. It talks about Eichlers; it
doesn't even talk about the earliest neighborhoods that we have in Palo Alto,
either commercial or residential. I'll skip to urban design. That section is
written fairly poorly. It's a short first section; I think it's written fairly
poorly. It's not to discount all the effort that's been put into this. It's a lot
of effort and a lot of very good work, a lot of high quality work. There are
some areas which need to be improved to be consistent with what the
community is looking for and, as I read it, what a lot of the CAC members
are looking for as well. Under buildings, again there is no reference to
                                                                         Page 91 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
