                          TRANSCRIPT
units that we would have, we'd pretty much be talking about, I think, small
units that would really attract sort of entry-level teachers and those sorts of
things. The station wrongly aired that families making up to $250,000 a
year would be eligible for this approved, affordable housing program
subsidized by the City. Unfortunately, a number of other media outlets have
picked up this incorrect information. The City does have a below market
rate purchase and rental housing program, which we've been operating since
1974. The purchase program is aimed at households earning between 80
and 120 percent of the area median income. In addition to meeting the
eligibility requirements, there's a current waiting list of approximately 450
applicants for that program. We also have a low income program, especially
low income program, for the below market rental program which has
incentivized the building of rental programs which can subsidize the potential
for housing for folks with an income as low as $42,000 a year for a family of
four. Those are the nature of the existing programs that the City has. We
asked the station to correct the story both online and on the air and have
also posted a story to the City's homepage on our website and our social
media channels with the correct information and links to income eligibility
ranges. We continue to monitor media reports and resident comments and
questions. I would just close again on this particular report. While the
Council directed Staff to look at six different initiatives related to housing,
during our discussion I made it clear that most likely the first thing we would
be doing would be coming back to the Council and outlining really what it
would take for us to even be able to undertake a deep-dive look at these.
We are so far from any approval from the Council on these items. That's
quite unfortunate that it was reported that way. A couple of things.
Dewatering issue. With the end of the rainy season approaching, we are
entering the April through October timeframe when dewatering for
constructions of basements is allowed under the City's Ordinance. As we
discussed with the Council in February, several important changes are being
implemented on a pilot basis for the construction season this year. All
dewatering sites will be required to provide pressurized fill stations to allow
the use of the water, to meter also the flow of water pumped and used, and
hire a water truck at least one day per week to increase the amount of water
that's actually used in other applications. In addition, dewatering sites that
receive their permit conditions of approval after the Council's February
action are being required to complete a study identifying any likely effects of
the dewatering. At this time, there is one site that has been issued a
dewatering permit and is likely to begin dewatering on or soon after
April 1st, this Friday, which is the date when the season could potentially
begin. We expect we will receive additional actions, and we'll keep the
public notified through the City's website. Yesterday morning at 3:58,
actually on Easter morning, a Palo Alto police officer on patrol contacted the
City's 24-hour emergency communications center to report a fire in a corner
                                                                           Page 3 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
