              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                               Regular Meeting
                                                              February 1, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:04 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
            Wolbach arrived at 6:25 P.M.

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Study Session on National, State and Local Trends on the Impact of
      Arts and Culture.

Mayor Burt: Our first order of business tonight is a Study Session on the
national, state and local trends on the impact of arts and culture. Welcome.
I think we have a Staff kick-off. Thank you.

Rhyena Halpern, Community Services Assistant Director: Thank you. Good
evening, Mayor and Council Members.             I'm Rhyena Halpern, Assistant
Director for Community Services overseeing the arts and sciences. Tonight
it's my pleasure to open up a Study Session on the impact of the arts on the
quality of life, looking at national, state and local trends. With us tonight we
have two esteemed guests. I want to introduce you to them briefly, and
then we'll throw it over to them. Randy Cohen, to my far right, is Vice
President of Research and Policy at Americans for the Arts, the nation's
advocacy organization for the arts. He's been there since 1991, and he
stands out as one of the most noted experts in the field of arts funding,
research, policy and using the arts to address community development
issues. Randy has given speeches in 49 states and regularly appears in the
news media including The New York Times, C-SPAN, NPR, CNN and CNBC.
To my right we have Craig Watson who's the Executive Director of the
California Arts Council in Sacramento. Before he was at the council, he was
the Director and my colleague of the Arts Council for Long Beach when I was
in Sacramento. As the Director of the State arts agency, he's the first in the
agency's history to be hired directly by the council rather than a
gubernatorial appointment. He also has studied fine arts at Occidental
College, trained as a sculptor and worked with renowned artist Christo on



                                                                       Page 1 of 125
