                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: So that a new project would, as a whole, not exacerbate the
jobs/housing imbalance.

Council Member Wolbach: Correct. Would that be amenable?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No. I'll tell you why. This is for not just Palo Alto; this
is for all communities in California.    A lot of communities don't have
jobs/housing imbalances. A lot of communities want jobs. Take San Jose
for instance. They don't have a jobs/housing imbalance in their community,
but maybe in the region. I just think that's so Palo Alto-specific and our
mindset right now.

Mayor Burt: Can I offer though that it's not about general development. It's
about projects that are exempt from CEQA for the purpose of improving the
housing shortfall.

Council Member Wolbach: How about this? What if I added to the end of
the sentence "where such exists, as in Palo Alto"? It would be where
relevant. It wouldn't apply to, say, Tracy or Modesto.

Mayor Burt: You're getting at whether a citywide circumstance exists as
opposed to whether a project that is exempt from CEQA should not
exacerbate, in itself—it shouldn't create more jobs than provide housing, if
the whole purpose is to reduce the housing problem.

Council Member Wolbach: Where relevant.

Mayor Burt:    We don't have to capture all of it.        That would be my
perspective.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we're getting far afield. The more things we put
in here, the less impact we're going to have, frankly, if we have a
(inaudible). I'm not going to accept it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually, I ...

Mayor Burt: Sorry.

Council Member Wolbach: I wanted to see if there was a second to that,
and then I had one other suggestion for a minor change. Any second?

Mayor Burt: I will second it, but I hesitate. I don't want to get us into a
protracted debate.

                                                                           Page 50 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
