                         TRANSCRIPT
At the PTC and PABAC meetings, the one comment that we heard was to
look more closely at the Louis Road and East Charleston intersection and
whether that can accommodate large buses that might use that. That's
something that needs to be looked at in more detail potentially. Again, back
onto the parking issue because was one of the more significant issues that
was raised throughout. Again, I've got a piece of a map here that shows
you for these three bicycle boulevards what's proposed. In most cases,
you'll see that we're proposing removing at intersections, as before. As I
mentioned, there are a couple more significant removals specifically around
the Ohlone School and then down by Greer Park and then a little bit more
around the mid-blocks of Ross Road. Again, mostly those were chosen as
places where—as was just requested, opportunities to put in landscaping and
trees maybe in the mid-block of some of these wider streets where you can
create some additional landscaping. That's really why those are there.
Overall, 262 parked cars were observed on all these corridors. That's quite
a long of set of corridors, about 300 during the peak and relatively low
average occupancy. Of course, those vary a bit from corridor to corridor and
block to block. There may be some interest and ability to mitigate some of
that. We didn't find anywhere, as we discussed previously, you couldn't
park about a block away either on the main street or off onto side streets, as
we were doing the parking studies.

Mr. Mello:    Thank you.    Our recommendation for this section of our
discussion is to adopt the CEQA exemption and approve the concept plans
for the Amarillo-Moreno, Louis-Montrose and Ross Road Bicycle Boulevards;
also approve a contract with Fehr & Peers for final design of the previously
approved Bryant Street extension, Maybell Avenue and Park Boulevard,
Wilkie Way Bicycle Boulevards.

Mayor Burt: We have a Staff recommendation before us. We can entertain
a Motion and discussion. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll just move approval of the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to:

A.   Approve Concept Plans for the Amarillo Avenue-Moreno Avenue, Louis
     Road-Montrose Avenue, and Ross Road Bicycle Boulevard Projects, and
     direct Staff to move forward with the Final Design phase for these four
     Bicycle Boulevards Projects; and


                                                                       Page 57 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
