                         TRANSCRIPT
discussion on this stuff, frankly. I'm not sure we do need more discussion. I
think that's helpful for Staff. I mean, are we really going to sit here and argue
about how much priority each one of those gets? One of the other things on
here, I noticed that they only want committee meetings from 6:00 to 8:00.
Here we're talking about having more meetings. There's two things I'd like to
see. I don't care if we start at 5:00 frankly, but I'd like to see us end by 11:00
on our Council meetings. I personally think it's fine if we go to 9:00, but I
agree committee meetings should be done right around there. I don't really
want to add all these additional meetings that we're talking about. I'm just
thinking about it. We're talking about quarterly Retreats. That's another three
meetings, if we're going to do that. We're talking about Committee of the
Whole meetings; are we talking about doing those outside of Council meetings?

Mayor Burt: I think that's one and the same (inaudible).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Maybe it's one and the same. I'm just saying how many
meetings do we want to add in addition to this. I don't know about the rest of
you. You're probably more up for this than I am sometimes. We just did the
Sustainability Summit, and we just did this. I feel a little pushed when we do
that on two weekends in a row like this. I don't know how Staff feels about
spending their weekends on this. I think when we talk about more meetings,
I'd like to see us try not do it. I'd like to try and accomplish everything we can
on a Monday. That doesn't mean we can't have another meeting, but I do think
we should keep it somewhat sensitive to those issues.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: It's always handy when people do talk in front of you,
and then you can respond. To talk about the 9/80 issue, which I've certainly
talked about for ages. One of my solutions to that—Jim, I think you and I have
talked about this before. Why does everyone have to be off every other Friday?
I know some people do come in. I think again perception from the community
is why isn't somebody there, especially on a Friday when you're going to have a
huge meeting on Monday. I don't like to disturb people at home, even if I've
got a cell phone. I think that's troubling. I, for the life of me, cannot see why
we can't figure a way to divide that more equally. To go through some of the
rest of these. As far as the Council meetings, I honestly don't care if we start
at 4:00 or 3:00. I really feel strongly about being done by 11:00. It's for
these reasons. When we're sitting there beyond 11:00, aside from the fact that
we, I think, get—just as each 15 or 20 minutes goes by, we become that much
less effective. Also, constituencies are often waiting to talk to us and the Staff
is sitting there. Staff may go home at 1:00 in the morning, and they're back
again—the expectation is they're back at 7:30. That's a pretty short night.
That really troubles me. As far as the committee meetings going only from

                                                                         Page 63 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
