                         TRANSCRIPT

don't know how to resolve, and it will probably be your job to do that. When
we have conversations at the CAC, a lot of people have really good ideas,
and most of those make it one way or another into the draft that eventually
makes it to your desk. That means that we have a huge proliferation of
programs, and that can become eventually very expensive. I just thought
maybe a little direction on priorities that you can choose out of or
something. I'm not sure how to resolve that. I think we're going to end up
with so many programs at the end of this process, that we're going to have
to—I don't know—tenfold Staff to address all of that. Something to be of
concern. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time, we can return to the Council for
questions and discussion. Who would like to begin? Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss:       Two of the speakers, I think, certainly made
comments that resonate with me, Don Barr and previous Council Member
Gail Price. Both speak to housing issues. Let me suggest that we actually
add in the suggestions that Gail Price sent to us today, which are under
Policy C-1.29. I think the changes are not extensive, but I think they
address this problem that they've spoken of so clearly. Housing does make
a difference. Dr. Barr, it was interesting to have you attach a number to
what the Opportunity Center or the Innvision housing has added to our
community. It would add—I think you have this at your places. I'm pretty
sure you do. It says support and promote County, City, State and nonprofit
services. It adds the word State and goes forward with that. Especially in
the areas of permanent, supportive housing and temporary housing—it could
say as well as temporary housing—which addresses food, clothing,
healthcare, mental health and transportation needs. Do you have a copy of
this already? Okay. Secondly, under the same one, this is C-1.29.1. This
talks about increasing awareness and so forth. Instead of using the word
disorders, uses the word conditions which is a far kinder word to use. Also
adds in there, which I particularly like, and business organizations
throughout the region. That is really important, because that is how in good
part we actually can come up with permanent housing. I'll digress for a
minute. I don't think there was anything we ever discussed more frequently
at the County level than the difference permanent housing makes. Almost
every city has added some permanent housing for the homeless. I'd have to
think hard to not think of one city that's put permanent housing out there. I
think Sunnyvale just recently opened some of their housing for the
homeless. The last one would be, I think, another good suggestion would be
under the same program, working with the counties, the State of California,
the Federal government and then the other word business. Once again at
                                                                       Page 22 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
