                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Mayor, I'd like to ask the Chair of Finance if he
would make a comment on this.

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I think Staff gave an excellent
summary for this. Maybe I'll just try to add a little tiny bit of color on each
of the ones you asked about. On the Office of Sustainability contingency,
my recollection is that part of the reason there was no agreement was there
might have been three different views as to what we should do with it. I
don't think it was 2-2; it was like 1-1-1-1 or something like that. The
general thinking was that most of the investment in sustainability was
actually coming from departmental budgets, not from the Sustainability
Department which coordinates with all those groups. It wasn't clear how it
was going to be spent. It didn't mean that stuff wouldn't come back to
Council, as it happens. There were multiple perspectives on that. I think on
the ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Say that last part. What "didn't mean" ...

Council Member Filseth: It didn't mean that if they exceeded $125,000 or
whatever the final number, it didn't mean they couldn't get stuff done. It
would just come back to Council for approval from other stuff, budget
adjustments or approval project or something. It's not a huge amount of
money we're talking about. With respect to the larger one, the Planning and
Transportation Contingency Fund, I think the City Manager captured it pretty
well from my view. There is quite a bit of concern that Planning and
Community Environment (PCE)—we're piling a lot of stuff on the Planning
and Community Environment group. If there was a way to provide more
bandwidth there, that would be welcome. Certainly, there was some views
about it would help if they had more expertise in this area or that. We tried
to strike a balance between being sort of prescriptive but not trying to
micromanage Staff on this. That's kind of what we tried to do. Staff came
back and said, "Here's some of the kinds of things we would use it for." We
were trying to strike a balance. In terms of the tree trimming frequency
cycle, it was purely a cost issue. It looked like the difference between 7 and
10 years was sort of one level, and 10 and 15 years was a different level.
Concern that 15 was far too long. The wayfinding issue. Our question was,
given there didn't appear to be unanimous consensus in the community that
that was the best way to spend the $600,000, maybe it should go back to
Council for further discussion as to what the right way to spend that was,
whether it should be on wayfinding or should be on something completely
different or should we save it for a few years and do a third thing. On the
HSRAP allocation, my recollection is there was some discussion that even if

                                                                            Page 37 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
