                         TRANSCRIPT
Placido Domingo was its artistic director. Ticket sales down, revenues down,
couldn't make a go of it any more. You might say Washingtonians just don't
like opera. Maybe, maybe not, because twice a summer at our baseball
stadium we have a live simulcast on the big screen. Twenty thousand
people show up to that. Young people, families, folks you don't see at the
Kennedy Center. Again, technology engaging folks in different ways. What
we see as the traditional delivery mechanisms of the arts really churning
right now.

Mr. Watson: Just a quick add-on to your question and response. Right in
your backyard here, you have one of the true thought leaders in the STEAM
movement. STEAM, take STEM and add arts to it. Science, technology,
engineering and math, but throw the arts in there, you get STEAM. This is
really a national movement to remind all of us that as important as the
STEM subjects are, the arts is really another way to solve problems and
build a fuller student experience and one that will attract students in a way
that perhaps the other subjects struggle at times to. In your backyard, you
have John Maeda. He was hired by Kleiner Perkins specifically to come from
the East Coast. He was President of Rhode Island School of Design, one of
the preeminent design and art schools in the world. What his goal in joining
Kleiner Perkins was is to look at the role of the design professional and
design thinking within all of the tech companies. You could invite him to do
a speech in this town to talk about that question of technology and the arts
and how those things come together. STEAM is a very important area.
Increasingly those kids that are so challenged because of the academic
pressures they're under, they are still each day doing something creative, I
would call curatorial. They do it almost by the second by their smart device,
whatever it is du jour. The challenge is how do you take that intense
interest in communication and this handheld technology that all of our
children have and help them see themselves more creatively. One of the
things that we funded recently is something called Student Voices, which the
California Alliance for Arts Education has now a statewide contest going on
asking young people to submit two and three-minute self-produced videos
created on their cell phone about what's creative in their school and why is
that so important to keep alive in the school as something that brings them
back each day to school. Something to give them that outlet that your
question, I think, implies, is how do we bridge to those kids that are so
stressed out over all this pressure.

Ms. Halpern: I think Craig and Randy wanted to make each a closing
comment about the role of the public sector in the arts. I know both of
them in just talking and planning for today have been really impressed by
the number of cultural civic amenities we have here in Palo Alto and the

                                                                      Page 14 of 125
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/1/16
