                          TRANSCRIPT
mentioned. You might say, "Why isn't the SAFER project planning for 55
inches or even some greater amount?" They're using, in effect, one of our
principles which is design for flexibility in the future. Build the base of the
levee big enough so they can rise over time, but not build it higher when
we're really not certain how much sea level rise is going to occur. We're
already sort of using these principles that she suggested. The second thing
that's going to come your way is a new FEMA map. It won't be for your
approval; it'll just be given to us. We are commenting on it; we've just done
that several weeks ago. Director Sartor signed a letter to FEMA with our
comments on their initial draft. This is not really a sea level rise map,
though. This is just tinkering with their current 10.5 height and looking at
some additional properties that they're going to suggest adding. I'm told
that they are working on consideration of sea level rise for a future, future
map, but the one that's coming to us in a few months isn't to include sea
level rise; it's just to tinker with the existing map that they have. That's the
second one. The third one, here's where we need some input from you all.
We could develop a policy on sea level rise. I personally would suggest that.
As we move forward with all these documents, there's a chance that we
wouldn't be fully coordinated unless we have a policy that all our Staff and
all of our members have weighed in on and considered and agreed upon. An
example of what might be addressed in a policy like that is some of the
dilemmas that Kirsten pointed out under the suggestions for discussion.
Just to name one of them, it's this balance between adaptation and
protection. Do we do both at the same time? Should we be building this big
levee and be raising buildings up or raising electrical panels up or doing
other stuff with the concern that maybe the levee will be breached or maybe
it's not high enough?          Shouldn't we be essentially doing a belt-and-
suspenders action? Shouldn't we be doing two things instead of just one?
That's the type of thing we could address in a policy with input from you.
There is no policy currently under development; we just suggest that again
for your discussion tonight. The Comprehensive Plan, I don't have to tell
you all about it. You're seeing it; you're discussing it in pieces. The Citizens
Advisory Group has it on their calendar within the coming months to
consider sea level rise in the safety or land use sections or both. Then, it
would come to you. You'll see sea level rise through that vehicle. The Draft
EIR, which has been prepared and released, for the Comprehensive Plan
(Comp Plan) uses 55 inches as a planning level, consistent with the
suggestions by BCDC and their work that we are doing and the suggestion
we made as one of your guiding principles, to use the 55 inches. That's in
the Draft EIR for the Comp Plan.                  The fifth one listed is the
Sustainability/Climate Action Plan, which you've seen. You adopted a key
goal with respect to it. You have us coming back to you in two parts. That
too is including the map that Kirsten showed, the 55 inches as a guidepost
for us. We're together on that. Number 6 kind of relates to Number 3. The
                                                                          Page 6 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
