                          TRANSCRIPT
and Staff has done a wonderful job of trying to sort of balance and pull it
together, but we really haven't taken and dove into any particular topic. We
could really at this point, at least in my interpretation, we could really thrash
out what the majority and the minority opinion is. I look forward to more of
that. Those are some random thoughts.

Mr. Garber: Thank you, Annette. Amy.

Amy Sung, CAC Member: Hi. My name is Amy Sung. I have been living in
Palo Alto for 15 years. My background training is in software engineering,
but I've been doing real estate in Palo Alto in the past eight years. I come
to—I shouldn't say I come to. I was really, really excited when I was chosen
to take part in the CAC. Of course, it really was seeing how this City is
changing that makes me feel that there's something that in this Committee
that I can participate. I'm so glad that one of the Council Members asked
what kind of flexibility that the Comp. Plan should reflect. I remember the
cell phone phenomenon is less than 20 years old. There's a lot of talk about
these auto-drive vehicles right now that most talked about subject is the
traffic. I think that should be something that is like in our immediate
problem-solving. When we talk about Comp. Plan, I am thinking that's in
2030. The landscape at that time might be very different from what we look
at today. I just try to be mindful when we talk about the Comp. Plan we are
not designing a City that we are trying to solve right now or in the next two
years, but I just think that we are designing a City that is like 10 years from
today. I envision our City should be like a 24-hour kind of City that during
the daytime is flooded with people coming to work here. When the sun sets,
people go home. That would be homeowners come home and the City
would like to see a lot of people coming out to walk in the street, enjoy the
entertainment and restaurants and retail. That kind of creates this vibrant
City and that, in fact, is that so often I have people that coming to town to
look for, to buy a house without understanding any difference that we would
show them all different cities around Palo Alto. They all looked at Atherton,
Menlo Park, Portola Valley, Mountain View and Sunnyvale. At the end, I say,
"What do you think?" They like to come to Palo Alto. Not everybody can
afford Palo Alto. It always boils down to Palo Alto is like full of energy. I
think that is the question of quality of life that we all think that we want to
preserve. I really think that our City needs to have a plan to continue to
grow and not lock into what we have today. When I moved to Palo Alto 15
years ago—prior to that, I was living in Ohio. I must tell you this kind of
traffic problems that we have here in Palo Alto that Ohio would love to have.
Last year, my association invited Larry Stone to come and give us a
presentation. He mentioned something that I remember was like so true.
Every day he drove to work, and he said that it would take him 20-
something minutes to get to work, driving down to work. He said during the
                                                                              Page 71 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
