                          TRANSCRIPT
we bottle this up? I don't know what we do. Do we have a pipeline that
goes to a natural gas? I assume it goes into the natural gas grid wherever it
is.

Ms. Dailey: Right. If we, Palo Alto, were going to buy it, we would do some
sort of exchange where we would actually buy gas closer to home and we
would swap it with gas somewhere else. We wouldn't physically move it
from a landfill in Wisconsin or wherever to Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My question is about incentives. My question is whether
or not we buy this gas or not, it's not going to make a huge difference. The
question is what are we incentivizing. Are we incentivizing taking this and
doing it as gas or burning it onsite and creating electricity? Which is better
for the environment? If we're buying the gas from landfill gas rather than
buying the electricity, we are saying we have a preference and we think
that's the environmental preferable alternative as opposed to having them
create electricity out of it. I was asking which one we think is better. I
remember the Sierra Club had huge issues with landfill gas period. There
was a whole bunch of stuff they wrote about it. I remember we had these
arguments, and we talked about not buying any more landfill gas projects
for our portfolio. I don't know if you recall those discussions or not.

Ms. Ratchye: As I recall the arguments against the landfill gas projects, that
was where we had an electric generator sited right at the landfill, they didn't
like the idea of having recyclables or other things that would ultimately
break down into methane brought into the landfill at all. They felt like there
was some incentive to continue to put things like paper and things that
would ultimately break down rather than recycling them and getting them
out of the waste stream. That was one of the big arguments against the
landfill gas (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: That would be the same with biogas from a landfill.
You'd have the same argument I assume. My question was which is
preferable. Maybe we don't know from an environmental point of view.

Ms. Ratchye: Once you destroy it by burning it, it's equal environmentally.
It's really bad if you let the methane just go up into the atmosphere.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Clear enough. I think we should check on that, because
there may be issues involved in distribution and collection and how that all
goes into that makes a difference in Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions. If
we're going to try and set an example—this is really what this is. This is not
going to make that much difference in greenhouse gas emissions from what
we use. It's much more of what is best practices here for the rest of the
world to look at, frankly, if we're going to put it in those terms. I think we
                                                                         Page 23 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
