                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Sorry. Embarcadero and University are grade separated.

Council Member Wolbach: Sorry. Let me rephrase. Is there any discussion
about suppressing the rail to be below ground through the length of Palo
Alto still, which would mean a redesign of Embarcadero, University and
Oregon to bring the road up to where the train is now at the higher level?
I'm just asking this, thinking about the cost of doing it once, doing it twice.
I guess really a two-part question. One, is there still a chance we might end
up doing that form of change to the grade separations of Caltrain? Two, if
that's going to happen, might it still be worth the cost to do this now
because that's so many years down the road? A question maybe for
colleagues and also for Staff.

Mr. Mello: I have two kind of reactions to that. The first is our rail program
management services contract, which we'll be bringing to you shortly,
includes a task to conduct a circulation study, which will look at all of our
grade crossings, even Embarcadero and University.          It'll look at what
capacity needs are there in the future for each of those grade crossings.
Then, we're going to move into a context-sensitive solutions process that will
be a pretty robust community engagement study effort to look at all of the
grade crossings and prioritize them. We don't know what's going to come
out of that study. We will be looking at all the existing grade crossings
within the City. My second reaction is that this project, we're not touching
anything in the underpass except for adding medallions and some markings
and the stairway. In all likelihood, whatever is done in the future at this
grade crossing would really deal with just what's within the underpass. The
approaching roadways that are really under study as part of this project
would probably not need to change that dramatically.

Council Member Wolbach: Again, what I'm asking is, is there any possibility
in the future we'll bring the underpass up and put the train below.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, that's what he intended to answer.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm sorry if I wasn't clear.

Mayor Burt: The context-sensitive solution and the circulation study will be
looking at a full spectrum of alternatives. The impact on what we're doing
here will not be significant. That's what I just heard from Josh.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.



                                                                        Page 65 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
