                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Spieker: We haven't gotten there yet. I can't put the picture up now.
There is room.

Mayor Burt: You don't have a sense of what percentage of the roof is
occupied by mechanical?

Mr. Spieker: No, but my guess would be it's less than 50 percent. There is
room to do that. Again, it's a function of cost.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Questions for Staff. Has Staff looked at aggressive
TDM programs with small units that are in transit and walkable Downtown
areas, whether they be in Palo Alto or elsewhere? The only one that I can
think of that is a good example in Palo Alto is Alma Place, which is even
smaller units than this, that we built around 2000 for small, single-occupant
residences. They're designated single occupant. They are probably a couple
hundred square feet each. My recollection is it was permitted to be under-
parked simply on the basis of its proximity to transit in Downtown as
opposed to an actual TDM program. Do we know anything about the
performance of that?        First, what the ratio was and, second, the
performance.

Mr. Lait: No and no. I can tell you that we are working on developing those
parameters of what a TDM would look like as we're working on this other
work about the penalties and fees and the enforcement. We're also looking
to require, as a part of our review of projects, TDM programs for most of the
discretionary applications that come forward. We'll be identifying sort of
those expectations about what the program would include and performance
targets (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I've brought up Alma Place several times over the last year.
I'm kind of disappointed that we don't have any data yet on that. When I
surveyed—I don't know what the parking ratio was, so I can't really put it in
that context.     When I surveyed their underground parking, partially
underground and fully underground, within the last six months or so, there
were parking spaces available. That includes that Palo Alto Housing Corp.
has their offices there. It's not just the residents who are using them.
Interestingly, they have a bike cage, and it was overflowed and inadequate
bike parking. That was a suggestion to me that without even an active TDM
program we get that kind of response. There are other developments in
other communities that have occurred in this region with similarities of being
transit located, Downtown located and small unit with active TDM programs,
I think. Do we have any information on the performance of those projects?

Mr. Lait: Mayor, I just personally don't—the three of us up here don't have
information about that. We could get some more information from our Chief
                                                                       Page 15 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
