                         TRANSCRIPT
     California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)          Guideline    Sections
     15061(b) and 15301, 15302 and 15305.

Mayor Burt: We now move on to our Action Items. The first one is a public
hearing about the adoption of an ordinance to amend Chapter 18.76,
Permits and Approvals, of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to modify the
Architectural Review Findings. The Planning and Transportation Commission
and the Architectural Review Board reviewed and recommended the
proposed draft ordinance. Proposed amendments are exempt from further
environmental review per the California Environmental Quality Act, CEQA,
Guideline Section 15061(b) and 15301, 15302 and 15305. Mr. Lait.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. Amy French, our Chief Planning Official, will lead us
through the presentation. We're here to answer any questions that you may
have afterwards. Thank you.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official: Good evening. The ordinance in your
report tonight was reviewed by the Planning and Transportation Commission
as well the Architectural Review Board (ARB). The Architectural Review
Board reviewed it during two meetings back in September and October of
2015. We all feel that the existing findings are great findings. They have
positive aspects; they address key issues, but as City policy has evolved,
some of the existing findings have become a bit duplicative. There are
findings that it takes a lot of effort to read and write as well. We've been
criticized for some weak findings in the past. Our ability to craft these
findings is related to the volume of Staff Reports that we write and review
and the schedules that we have to provide reports to the public in a timely
manner prior to hearings. The proposed ARB findings, the Staff and the ARB
recognize the need to improve the quality of Staff-prepared Architectural
Review Findings and reduce the number. In the past year or so, we've been
grouping findings into similar topic findings in our reports, and the ARB has
appreciated this. With the proposed changes, Staff will still be preparing
Context Based Design Criteria findings which are heavily focused on
compatibility and some other key features such as green building and
neighborhood compatibility. The ARB has adjusted the proposed findings
during their two hearings to make sure that no key criteria were left out.
The Planning and Transportation Commission did not provide additional
tweaking of the wording. Basically, the proposed findings, there are six of
them. The gist of it is—the first one is about compatibility and really
consistency with the Comprehensive Plan, Zoning Code, Title 18, and related
Context Based Design Criteria, which is contained in the Zoning Code, and
design guides such as Downtown and El Camino Design Guidelines. Number
2 is about having a coherent design with quite a bit there, and then the third
                                                                          Page 8 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
