                          TRANSCRIPT
have City personnel respond to neighborhood correspondence and phone
calls? I will say one very fine City Planner has had the courtesy to respond
professionally and promptly to numerous neighborhood concerns. However,
the Planning Director has not.            Mr. Keene has not responded to
correspondence from the neighborhood. Number 2, what does it take to get
the City to enforce Castilleja's 415 student zoning cap as required by their
zoning permit in 1980? The school has consistently been out of compliance
for over a decade. We are not talking about a public school. We are talking
about a private women's school that has a very fine mission, but has the
possibility of residing in many different parts of the community, not in an R-
1 neighborhood where 73 percent of Castilleja students come from outside
Palo Alto. The corollary to Question 2 about what does it take to get the City
to enforce the zoning cap is are the neighbors to assume that the school's
desired 415 to 540 student enrollment level outweighs the neighborhood's
need and concerns about their own quality of life. We have been dealing
with problems from Castilleja for 25 years. It's now time to take a stand.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ken Horowitz, to be followed
by our final speaker, Mark Mollineaux.

Ken Horowitz: Good evening. I'm Ken Horowitz; I live on Homer Avenue.
It's a little over two years that I came before you with about a dozen
residents to talk about the YMCA that was formerly at 755 Page Mill Road. I
wanted to give you an update. At the time the City Manager said he was
going to give an update to the Council, but I haven't heard from him again
regarding that site so I'll give you a little update. The Silicon Valley YMCA
pulled out and left a vacant space. There was 15,000 square feet. In June
2015 the landlord submitted a plan to convert that space into offices.
Thankfully the Planning Department denied the applicant to convert that
15,000 square feet into offices and was told that he would have to keep it as
a fitness center. He resubmitted the plans, and just this June he got
another permit for a fitness center which is going to be smaller than the
original and some offices. I don't have a problem that it's going to be a little
bit smaller, but what I recently found out is that the applicant, the landlord,
is just going to allow people who are tenants at that particular building to
use the facility. That certainly doesn't seem like it's a fair use. In fact, I
would consider it also office use. My hope is that our City Manager would
talk to Mr. Robert Wheatley and see if he would be amenable to allowing
some of us that were formerly members of that Page Mill YMCA to come
back and use that facility that he's now going to restore as a fitness center
and allow us—it was really important to so many of our residents,
particularly those people that lived in Barron Park and College Terrace—to
go over and use that facility as a fitness center. It was kind of interesting
                                                                            Page 9 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
