                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We've had some feedback on process. One question is do we
need to formalize that or is Staff comfortable with this is feedback.

Mr. Keene: I think we can safely say that we're comfortable with this. I
would just put one caveat on it. I think the Council is asking that we deepen
the process somewhat.         The ability for people to have ad hoc
conversations—ultimately they are going to want to bring those back and
integrate them in the group. Fortunately, we do have experienced Co-Chairs
who can do that. That also does put some demands on the Staff to be able
to support that, so that those processes work right. Of course, we're losing
the lead Staff person we have on this.

Mayor Burt: When you said bring it back, you mean not supporting the ad
hoc but just helping the integration. Is that what you meant?

Mr. Keene: Yeah, the integration within the CAC itself. People are going to
come back, and there may be some well-developed arguments that again
have to be handled artfully so that the other folks have a chance. I'm just
saying we have some Staff support in the nearer term that's going to pose
some challenges.

Mayor Burt: We've given some process input. We also need to see if there's
any specific feedback on the schedule. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I note that the Transportation Element is looked
at by the CAC already, actually twice. It doesn't come to the Council until
April 25th. I'm not assuming but supposing that there might be some
comments that the Council might have. It doesn't show that it's going back
to the CAC. I note that land use and community design is very different. It
comes to the CAC April 19, then it comes to Council June 6th, and then goes
back to the CAC on June 21. I'm wondering why the different processes, the
different iterations. There's not an opportunity for the Council to give
feedback to the CAC on transportation.              Also the very tight
interconnectedness between transportation and land use, is there any
combined discussion of those two at the CAC? It's not indicated here.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for those questions, Council Member Holman.
Just a reminder too. I think I mentioned in my presentation that April 25th
date is not going to work for the Transportation Element discussion here at
Council, because the CAC's last discussion didn't get to resolution. They're
going to need one more pass at transportation, which we're hope we're
going to combined into one of these other meetings after heavy-lifting by a
subcommittee. We're quickly running up against a constraint here, as you
pointed out. We don't have multiple iterations in the schedule of something
coming to the Council, then going back to the CAC, then coming back to the
                                                                       Page 84 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
