                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION:     Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:

A.    Adopt the hazardous materials Ordinance included in the Staff Report
      as Attachment A; and

B.    Adopt the amortization Ordinance included in the Staff Report as
      Attachment C, including the added text referencing a possible
      agreement between the City and Communications & Power Industries
      LLC (CPI).

Mayor Burt: Would you like to speak further to your motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I really don't think I need to, other than to say I think a
lot of hard work has gone into this from a lot of people, from CPI, from the
neighborhood, from City Staff, from the City Attorney's Office and to some
extent from Council. I think it's a great win for the community that we're at
this point and we're finally moving this forward.         Just briefly on the
hazardous materials ordinance, I'm really glad to see we're not going to
allow Tier 3 in our City. I think that's really moving things forward. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: It's commendable. I would certainly underscore
everything that Vice Mayor Scharff just said. What I think is really amazing
is to listen tonight at your tone which is so conciliatory. I know that, as our
first speaker said, 10 years of living with this and 10 years of having those
discussions and having people in your living room and so forth and
interacting with CPI has been often very tense. You've approached it in such
a thoughtful and really neighborly way that you're to be commended. It's a
pleasure to support this tonight.          Also appreciate this last-minute
Attachment C that came over the weekend that gave us another option that
I think is a good one. Thanks to everybody involved, and congratulations.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Two questions. The first, just looking at what's
here, did the maker and seconder mean to include the alternate ordinance,
Attachment C? That's not reflected in the motion on the screen.

Council Member Kniss: It was included in the motion.

Mayor Burt: The maker will work with the City Clerk.


                                                                         Page 34 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/29/16
