                          TRANSCRIPT
us on the Council to evaluate whether there really is strong, overwhelming
neighborhood support, that you're not taking away some people's property
rights in a neighborhood that's borderline on the issue. If the neighborhood
is on board, then in a hearing like this we can approve it. I also want to be
very clear. Signatures are not votes. That's why we've already directed
Staff to move forward looking at the process.             I do want to correct
something else I heard. Rome is not burning. Staff is not fiddling. Staff is
overworked because we give them a ton of work. They are doing their best.
They are already trying to get this process improved. I think we need to
give them the time to get the process improved. Given the level of support
in the neighborhood now, even if you got rid of Ross Road, there is not
enough support in this neighborhood currently for an SSO for me to be in
favor of it. Deferring it isn't going to improve the likelihood that I’m going to
support it. It's more likely that I'll support some changes to the standards in
this neighborhood, whether it's an Eichler design guideline or an SSO, once
we've had a chance to fix this process, to make sure it is City-run, City-
owned, that it does not pit neighbor against neighbor, that it allows people
to vote in private according to their conscience. I think we do need to have
that. I think we were clear before and we need to be clear tonight. I know
that other neighborhoods are looking at this. They're watching us right now,
and they are trying to see what's the process that Council wants to move
towards. We do need to have time to fix this process and maybe establish
some Eichler design guidelines as an alternative process. Until we do that,
which we've already directed Staff to get working on and they are trying to
do, I don't think we should be approving SSOs, especially if they are
borderline like this. There's an opportunity for this neighborhood to have
something done that will preserve the neighborhood character and achieve
the goals that the proponents are seeking, but it's not going to happen
through this current application. This current application is not sufficient to
meet the threshold that I am looking for, which is broader neighborhood
support.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I just want to reiterate quickly a point that
Council Member Wolbach made, which I think is critically important. I've
heard two colleagues tonight say that 60 percent is the threshold to get
approved. That's not true. Sixty percent is the threshold to get a hearing at
PTC and eventually for Council to weigh in on that, when there are CCRs in
place and 70 percent when not. I just want to make sure the community
and colleagues and the applicant understand that.

Mayor Burt: I'm going to speak first. I'm hesitant to open another round
here. First I want to give just a couple of quick comments for Staff when
                                                                         Page 69 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
