                          TRANSCRIPT
your last speaker, pointed out, while a number of people would like to
support this measure, they would also like assurance that we're actually
moving forward on this fee. The other feature is that the current makeup of
Policy and Services is a little different than the Policy and Services group
that initiated it. We felt it was in everybody's best interest to move
directly—we need to come back to full Council anyway to discuss what we
called the Group 3 issues. We just felt that it was not a good use of
everybody's time to have a two-step process that would put us well into the
new year before we could get back to the new Council.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We've always had a two-step process. I'm surprised
that you took it upon yourself to decide that we don't need a two-step
process when we had prior Council direction. The fact that you have a
different makeup of Policy and Services has never ever in my seven years on
Council been an issue, which we considered to be important. That's a really
weird choice. The notion that because Policy and Services changes we
wouldn't go back to that Policy and Services undercuts the entire committee
system and the way we do it. I thought Council direction was clear. If I'm
wrong on what Council direction was to go back and the fact that it was
going to Policy and Services, I think that's inappropriate. The fact that we're
doing this also for political reasons, because we want to satisfy a small
group in the community who wants to have this discussion at Council prior
to how they try and leverage us on the storm drain fee, I also think is
inappropriate. They can come to Policy and Services. That's what we've
done with everything else. Lots of things are political, and they go through
a process which we have. To change our policies for the convenience of
something like this just seems inappropriate without Council input.

Mr. Bobel: With all due respect, that's not what I said.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It seemed like it.

Mr. Bobel: I think when we looked at it further we realized that if we went
back to Policy and Services Committee, we'd miss a window of opportunity
to put any new requirements that Council felt was appropriate in place for
the 2017 construction season. We'd given everybody the impression that we
were going to use last year as a pilot year, and we were going to take the
results of that pilot year of having some restrictions on groundwater
pumping, and we were going to develop, probably revise and make an
Ordinance out of whatever the Council's final decision was. We recognized
that that just wasn't possible if we went back to Policy and Services. You
can change that judgment, but our judgment was that the important thing
was, as everybody's intent was, any revisions that we were going to make to
our pilot year for the 2017 construction season. Actually we have the best

                                                                        Page 51 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
