                         TRANSCRIPT
office and job growth do we want or need; what types of housing should we
plan for and how much of it; and how can we address the need for more
affordable and attainable housing for low and modest-income residents;
what's the best way to leverage the over $20 million in our fiber fund
reserve to provide broadband capabilities throughout the community. These
are just a few of the big challenges that will undoubtedly frame many of the
important decisions that we make as a community that will chart our future.
There are also lots of opportunities ahead. As a community, we've valued
our diversity and inclusiveness. They're among our core values. What are
some of the ways we can come together in this spirit to address the
challenges ahead? If we want to provide a Palo Alto for our children and
future generations, that sustains the vibrant community that we value, then
we must debate and discuss these issues in a civil and thoughtful way,
embracing the interests of both long-time and newer residents alike. We
also have a community committed to sustainability, protecting our local
environment and our planet. We see the same sense of obligation in our
young people, and we should seek ways to encourage, foster and harness
this shared commitment. Yes, we have big challenges ahead, but we must
not lose sight of what brings us to Palo Alto. A beautiful and safe City with
great parks, open space, exceptional services; a local economy that is the
envy of many and that is centered on innovation and ideas for the future; an
engaged and educated citizenry who cares deeply about their City, our
schools and the value of knowledge; these are among the reasons people
come and stay in Palo Alto and why, despite our challenges, we value our
community so greatly and are committed to its wellbeing. Thanks for your
tolerance of a long statement, but that's the last I’m going to say on this
subject from this position. I want to open it up to colleagues for their
thoughts, whether it be responses to some of those issues that I raised or
simply other aspects that you would like to discuss. We have a while to
have an open discussion. Who would like to go first? Nobody has anything
to say. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'll jump in here. You laid groundwork for a lot of
the things that we have been talking about, certainly since you've been on
Council in the last nine years actually, rather than eight which would be
typical. Just to kind of maybe highlight some of the things that, I think, you
touched on, that are not necessarily the most important but maybe some of
the ones that the community responds to the most, because they're the
things that they see and see the effects of them. Buena Vista Mobile Home
Park, you mentioned that one. I think it's a remarkably important one and
look forward to a positive outcome for that in the near future. I think it
really put in the forefront what our values are and how we could establish
relationships and partnerships with other entities, in this case the County
and Santa Clara Housing. There are a couple of things that I did not hear
                                                                         Page 6 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
