                          TRANSCRIPT
of basic concern we got was that by drawing down the water in the
immediate vicinity of the pumping, we were potentially affecting the
availability of water for our own emergency wells, other people's wells, the
groundwater in general. The general concern was that we were going to
influence or impact the groundwater availability. I'd call that the third basic
concern. These first four recommendations on this slide really address the
concern of wasting water or, said the other way around, can't we do
something to better utilize the water. We have sitting at our table Mike who
was really the inventor of our fill station activity in '14, calendar year '14,
and then we augmented it and made it standard procedure in calendar year
'15 that everybody had to have a fill station that was doing this groundwater
pumping. The first recommendation is to encourage greater use of these fill
stations. The fill station requirement exists; it was fully implemented in
calendar year '15 by Mike and his team. This one has us augmenting that to
improve signage, enlisting other kinds of public outreach so that it gets
greater utilization especially for trees and local vegetation. I think it's safe
to say that Recommendation Number 1 was not controversial. The second
one is strengthening the outreach with respect to the water cycle so that
people understood better exactly what was happening when we pumped out
this basement and exactly where the water was going, the fact that it was
still being part of our ecosystem. It was being transferred mostly to the
storm drain system and on either to our creeks or the Bay, part of the
natural environment. While not being fully utilized by us people, it was still
part of the ecosystem.         The second one is to make sure everybody
understands that better. Again, not too controversial; although, a couple of
people on Policy and Services, as I recall, weren't really wild about this one.
They ended up voting for all these recommendations. The third one is
strengthening a concept that already existed in calendar year '15, and that is
a use plan. The contractors had to develop a use plan to try to maximize
the use of the water that was being pumped. We didn't have a lot of
definition to this in '15, so we were kind of experimenting with it. We put it
out there; we asked the contractors and owners to prepare a use plan but
without a lot of definition to it. Recommendation Number 3 here takes this a
step further and suggests a couple of very specific things about the use plan.
First, that as a minimum the contractor/builder/owner would have to at least
for one day of the week provide a watering truck for the entire day and
service the immediate area as directed by the City, typically trees, parks,
vegetation. I really included the other part here also, and that is that in
addition to this one day a week of trucking it, that it be seriously considered
if the construction site was close enough to one of our parks or a similar
landscaped facility, that we actually see if we could pipe the water there.
We're in some cases piping it a couple of blocks anyway just to find a storm
drain, so couldn't we pipe it to a park if there happens to be one right next
door or close by. That was the second very specific thing that we've now
                                                                         Page 35 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
