                          TRANSCRIPT
Harbor Road toward the dead-end at the parking lot. You're part way along,
and you would see our dewatering building in the center. With the current
vegetation, you'd see that 50-foot high building. You'd also see even closer,
off to the left our existing fixed-film reactor. You can see our existing
incinerator building on the right. That'll be there for quite some time due to
the expense of actually removing the incinerator building. This is what it
would look like. After 10 years of growth with the landscaping we've already
put in as part of that project that was completed last year and the new
vegetation we'd put in as part of this project, after 10 years this is what we
believe it will look like. It would hide the building from that view. This is a
lower elevation shot from the landfill side. Now you're much closer to our
building, landfill/Byxbee Park side. Now we're looking again from that hill at
Byxbee Park, but we're down on the hill, we're almost down to the bottom of
the hill. The facility looks much bigger. We just thought we'd show you
what that looked like too. The new building is off to the left with an arrow.
The existing fixed-film reactor is further to the right with a red arrow, just to
show you. Those buildings in front, that's our dual media filter and our
aeration tanks. That's in the foreground, and that's the most prominent
feature you see from Byxbee Park currently. It is there now, and it of
course would stay there. I think I already showed you that one. I think
that's our story. I'll leave it there.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Council Member Kniss, did you have a technical
question?

Council Member Kniss: I think it's technical. Thanks very much, Phil. Sea
water, sea water rise, sea water level, do you want to comment on that? I
think it's technical.

Mr. Bobel: Sure, that qualifies as technical. This question came up at the
Planning and Transportation Commission and actually at the Architectural
Review Board as well. What we've done is design this building 11 1/2 feet
above mean sea—the floor of the building 11 1/2 feet above mean sea level.
Our current Palo Alto requirements are that you build something that's in the
flood basin 10 1/2 feet above sea level. We've added a foot on. One could
argue why didn't you add more on because sea level rise is estimated to be
three to five feet over the rest of this century. We did not do that because
the primary method of protecting this facility from either rising water or
flood is the levees that we're working on, as you know, both through the
Joint Powers Authority (JPA) project and the regional project. Two different
projects. Those levees are being designed to be 16 feet. They're assuming
three feet of sea level rise, and then freeboard for a total, as I recall, of
about 16 feet, over 16 feet. That's the height of the levees that'll be
outboard of this plant. That, so far, has been our response. On May 9th, I
                                                                          Page 43 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
