                          TRANSCRIPT
Chief Sustainability Officer. Gil, we won't treat you as a member of the
public. You're welcome to, if you want to, chime in as part of the Staff
Report. You're more than welcome.

Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer: Thank you, Mayor Burt. Good
evening, Council Members. For the record, I'm Gil Friend, the City's Chief
Sustainability Officer. I want to express my strong support for the proposal
that you have before you tonight. This is a critical element to reaching the
2030 climate goals that you endorsed unanimously two weeks ago. The
loading order that Peter presented makes good practical sense. Efficiency
first, electrification second, and renewables third.       This Code pursues
advanced and cost-effective strategies for forwarding each of those goals.
The approaches match some of the things you've seen in the Sustainability
and Climate Action Plan, both because the Reach Code efforts and the
Climate Plan efforts coordinated closely with my group in Sustainability and
with folks in our utility and because, frankly, that's where the logic takes us.
Independent efforts to pursue the logic of energy and climate take us to
some similar conclusions. As Ed Mazria talked about, we're seeing these
playing out in cities around the country and around the world. This is
another example, I think, of doing what makes sense for Palo Alto.
Practical, cost-effective, available to us right now. As Ed Mazria said, set an
important example for both the region and for the world whose eyes are on
us in this work. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Can I ask a question? The Reach Code, is that
something that people are held to or is there an incentive associated with
that if you hit it?

Mr. Pirnejad: This will be essentially our minimum Energy Code.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: It's exciting. I think the Green Building Codes
have done a lot for us. You articulate a future where it gives us a leadership
position in a very important issue. I guess we've been spending some time
on the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) and on the
sustainability issue in our Comprehensive (Comp) Plan. One of Palo Alto's
issues is affordable housing. The Code has some economic implications. It
costs extra upfront. You earn it back in the future. I would assume this
would mean affordable housing would be a little harder in Palo Alto than
elsewhere. Let me ask a simple question. Suppose over two to three years,
we fail to build 100 affordable homes that otherwise we could build in town
among the thousands that are being built. It turns out that that increases
                                                                         Page 91 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
