                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: We're currently testing the wireless connection to Bryant right
now. The equipment's been installed. We've already sent a request to
Caltrans for their timing, their clock timing. We'll be able to update that as
soon as all of that stuff is live. Phase 2 began back in September of 2015.
We conducted extensive data collection and also completed a survey for
construction. We held two community meetings, one in December of 2015
and one in March of 2016. We also met with several stakeholders including
the Paly administration, Town and Country management, and the School
District management as well. Through that process, basically two concept
plans emerged. I'll talk a little bit about those concept plans later. We
brought those concept plans to Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory Committee
(PABAC) in May 2016 and also in September of 2016. PABAC at first voted
to support Alternative 2, and then they reconsidered in September and
voted to support Alternative 1. Stanford provided us comments in August.
They did not elect to favor one alternative over the other, but they gave us
very constructive feedback that we'll be able to integrate into the final
design regardless of which alternative we move forward with. In August, we
also went to Planning and Transportation Commission. The PTC voted to
support Alternative 1. Our schedule moving forward is we're here tonight on
September 19th. After you select a concept alternative to move forward, we
will jump right into the preparation of environmental documents and begin
the preliminary design. We're hoping to complete final design by mid-2017
and then begin construction in late 2017. If you remember, the adopted
Capital Improvement Program includes $3.4 million for the construction of
this project, beginning in FY '18. Prior to beginning any kind of design work
or even starting to develop concepts, we went to the community. We talked
about what some of the goals and objectives should be for this project.
These are several goals and objectives that kind of guided us through the
process. You're all very, very familiar with some of the issues out there and
what some of the goals should be.           The first was to improve traffic
operations. The second was to support mass transit. There's two shuttle
stops along the segment that we studied as part of this project. Third, we
wanted to improve bicycle and pedestrian comfort and safety along the
corridor. Those were kind of the three guiding principles as we started to
develop our concept plans and develop our different alternatives. During the
data collection phase, we collected motor vehicle traffic counts. There were
a couple of surprising findings here. We collected, as we always do with
traffic counts, during a typical weekday. We made sure that Paly was in
session when we collected these counts. This is a little bit different for this
project, because we had three peak periods. We looked at A.M. We looked
at the school peak in the afternoon, and then we looked at the typical P.M.
peak when everybody gets out of work. El Camino Real, we found, is busy
in both directions. It's not really a directional roadway during the peak.
Embarcadero is slightly busier going into Stanford in the morning and from
                                                                        Page 58 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
