                          TRANSCRIPT
multiple retailers around the building. Second floor, the office space anchors
the corner, and then we have the 13 townhouse-style units. They're two
stories, living area on the first floor with about 200 square feet of outdoor
balcony. That's combined per unit. Then, you would go upstairs, and
upstairs they each have two bedrooms and two baths. There is a half
bathroom on that main level below. We have terraces also at this level, and
then we're trying to introduce light. I hate walking down a double-loaded
dark corridor in any kind of building, so we've introduced skylights on the
roof in addition to 30 kilowatt photovoltaic array. The skylights are indicated
there with the blue rectangles; they allow light to kind of come into that
second floor hallway as there is no hallway on the third floor. It's very
efficient from that standpoint. This is the elevations of—the resolution is not
great. I apologize for that on this screen. The upper elevation is facing
Sherman, ground-floor retail, lots of glass, lots of planter seat walls at the
plaza. We're using a glass fin system, not unlike what you see at our
building on the corner outside of City Hall, for the shading device on this
frontage as well as on the office frontage here at El Camino. We like the
rhythm of the units, trying to be expressive of the movement on El Camino
Real and the individuality of the units themselves. We've created this
repetition of the facade that has the demarcation of each of the units and a
deep recess. You're going to get nice shadow lines across the front with
about a 6 1/2 to 7-foot recess. The bottom elevation is facing the CC(2) site
and the parking lot, if you will. You can see a stair that comes down from
the office floor, which is on the right-hand side. That comes down to the
plaza to try to engage with the plaza. This is the street view. A new project
at 385 Sherman on the upper left. We kind of relate to that from a scale
standpoint, far left. Our building is on the upper right. On El Camino Real,
it's still pretty much parking lots there and a very low-scale hotel. Our
building will be anchored in the center but also play off the four-story
building across the street. It'll be nice to have the mass, I think, on both
sides. A nice, tall retail space, 15-foot floor to floor on that ground floor.
You can see the underground garage, and then the units are above. We are
within the height limits of the CN district. A view from Sherman, bird's eye
view. You see the stair coming out, down to the ground floor where the
plaza is. That is a way in and out of the office if one chose. Our public art is
actually designed and is going to go on the blank wall of the part that's over
by El Camino, right there. There's a big public art that's going on there by
Robert Lay [phonetic] out of LA. A view kind of coming in. Show you the
hallway. On El Camino, we want to identify the entrance, and so we have
that. It leads back. A view of how we've broken up the corner, created
some benches on El Camino, etc. I kind of want to summarize because the
light's on here. Regarding the CUP, the CN, as we know, allows 5,000
square feet of office without the CUP. The sites were once two sites; in
1996, they were combined. The Comp Plan actually encourages combining
                                                                         Page 39 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
