                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I think I would welcome that discussion after the Council
Retreat, two weeks or so after the Council Retreat.

Council Member Holman: As seconder, I said I had a couple of other
comments to make on this.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Holman: At this point in time, though, I actually would ask
the maker of the Motion to change "A" to direct Staff to come to the Council
Retreat with a more definitive schedule of when the variety of issues that
have been presented this evening can be addressed, so that we can take
action on it at that time.

Council Member DuBois: If we had the schedule at the Retreat and if we
perhaps had time to discuss the list of topics at the Retreat, that would be ...
Again, I am concerned about delaying this process and pushing it out, so I'd
like to resolve this fairly quickly. I was actually suggesting could we discuss
those issues at the Retreat and come up with a list.

Council Member Holman: We can, but if Staff comes with a tentative
schedule, then we have something to start from. We're not going to be just
throwing things against the wall.

Mayor Burt: Let me try and answer that question on what I think we can
discuss at the Retreat. I don't think we can go into the substantive
discussion of those Items, but we can talk about what are the Items and
which we want to agendize, whether they be Committee as a Whole
discussion, Study Sessions, Action Items, whatever.

Council Member DuBois: I would accept that as a replacement for "A."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part A of the Motion with, “direct Staff
to come to the City Council Retreat with a more definitive schedule of when
the variety of issues discussed this evening will be scheduled for Council
consideration.”

Council Member Holman: I also had a couple of questions for Staff. It's just
not clear to me how—we're adding this fifth scenario. If we need to mix and
match some of the scenarios and we've got a 90-day window for the DEIR,
I'm just not clear how that process is going to work, how we're going to
identify within that 90 days what the other scenarios are, and then how
we're going to get a DEIR response to the impacts of a blended scenario.
I'm really not grasping how that's going to work.
                                                                             Page 96 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
