                          TRANSCRIPT
was replaced with language such as "is consistent with Context Based
Design Criteria Attachment C, which will be applicable to the Downtown
Business District, California Avenue Business District and El Camino Real"?
How would that look—we can nudge around the specifics of that. How would
that look when these findings are made and a project is brought to Council
and presented to the public and the applicant? The reason I'm saying that is
because, for me, it seems to lose something if it's not in the findings. I want
you to try to convince me of that.

AMENDMENT:          Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “replace Municipal Code Section 18.76.020
(d)(2)(c) with, ‘is consistent with Context Based Design Criteria, which will
be applicable to the Downtown Business District, the California Avenue
Business District, and El Camino Real.’”

Mr. Lait: To respond to the question, how would it look different, I wouldn't
just reference Attachment C because this is an excerpt and doesn't reflect all
of the context-based findings. I don't know if that was the interest or not.
If the …

Council Member Holman: That's helpful.

Mr. Lait: If I'm hearing you correctly—I may not be—it just seems like we're
keeping this and we're adding El Camino Real.

Council Member Holman: Sorry, say it again.

Mr. Lait: It seems like, if I understand your comment correctly, we're
generally keeping 2(c) as it's constructed generally and adding El Camino
Real.

Council Member Holman: Yes, but I was trying to get rid of the redundancy
by instead of referring to the specifics that are in 2(c), like (i) and (ii), by
referring to the criteria.

Mr. Lait: I see. If those were my two …

Council Member Holman: It's complicated now to know that this isn't all of
the context design criteria.

Mr. Lait: There's like 56 criteria, if you add up all the a's and b's and
romanettes. If that were the interest, I would much favor the Ordinance
that's before you than referencing each of the context-based criteria. That
truly would be …


                                                                          Page 47 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/14/16
