                          TRANSCRIPT
and I feel confident that we'll get there. The City has been a great ally in
this. It's frustrating. To ask us to reduce the amount of panels that we
modeled in order to give those lease payments that were necessary to move
forward is significant. I think that's why we're here today, to address that.
To ask us to remove those panels not only hurts me economically but it also
hurts the agenda that, I think, was put forth by this Council, which is to
achieve three or four percent localized renewable energy. We're stuck in
this back and forth about aesthetics. The idea is to generate energy through
solar panels, and that's what I want to do.

Mayor Burt: I think we really want you to—I think you've done that—
concentrate on the—you're welcome to fill out a speaker card to speak to
other issues that you want to address tonight. In this, it's about a specific
technical question or impact question.

Mr. Rubin: Sorry. I understand. The specific outside of the economics or
the financial, I really want to defer to Robert and Sal who are handling the
structural and the electrical components of this project. They've built lots of
projects similar to this, and they are much more equipped to answer the
structural questions around that.

Mayor Burt: I don't think it was really a structural question so much.
Council Member Holman, do you have adequate answers or you still have
questions?

Council Member Holman: That's a question. I mean that's fine, but I do
have one other question. Is this a situation where we've approved a
contract that has boxed us in about what we can in terms of this project?

Mr. Lait: I'll take a stab at this, and then legal may have another take on it.
My understanding is that a couple of years ago there was a contract that
was agreed to, but some of the specifics of the plan design had not been
presented to the Council. One of the requirements of the contract was for
the applicant to go through the review process inclusive of the architectural
review and obtain any other land use entitlements that may be necessary.
The plans that were presented to us are the ones that are in the packet
before you. Our review of the plans, we were looking at the same sections
that we've presented to the Council. We wanted to raise those questions to
the Council. I don't believe you are boxed into a design scheme. I think
this is the first time that the Council's seen the actual design scheme.

Council Member Holman: That's not what I was hearing from the contractor
who would build this. It sounds like if we make changes to this, we're not
being in agreement with the contract that we signed with them. Help me
understand that.
                                                                        Page 45 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
