                          TRANSCRIPT
group considering Castilleja's enrollment and expansion plans.             I've
distributed a 2 1/2-page, single-spaced letter.           We've gathered 35
signatures in a day and a half period. Just read that at your leisure. What
I'm going to do this evening in, I hope, less than three minutes is talk about
four issues of the seven that we outline there. The CUP, Conditional Use
Permit, the trees, the traffic and a publicity transparency issue. We're not
simply repeating points. This is while we wait for Castilleja to resubmit their
application for the new CUP and expansion plans. We're monitoring their
current activities in preparation for that and unearthing new facts. Just to
speak to the CUP. It's mandated to be at 415. This year again it's at 438.
It's unclear to us why this is the case. We found a letter from City Manager
Keene to the school that allows them to stay at 438, not only for 2016-17
but possibly beyond that.        Compare that with then Advance Planning
Manager Steven Turner who insisted that Castilleja come up with a robust
enrollment reduction plan which they did. That was to end at the end of
2015-16 when Castilleja was to submit a new application. We're just unclear
on why City Manager Keene came to the conclusion that he did. I have
written a letter to him but had no answer. I think we do need to get
answers to this since Castilleja has been in violation of the CUP for 14 years
now. The trenching, I'm going to let my colleague Rob Levitsky talk about
that. That's some activity that Castilleja is carrying out on the perimeter of
the school in preparation to analyze possible tree removal of up to 168
trees. Traffic. Castilleja has taken measures to cut down on the morning
traffic for the commute, but we believe it's unsustainable. If you look on
their website, they are asking parents who are dropping children off at the
school, if there's a backup out the driveway, drive around the block and
come back. We think that's not a good idea. It increases traffic in the
neighborhood. Palo Alto students who are going to the public schools are
using Bryant and the Embarcadero corridor. Think about what that would be
like in wet weather. Parents circling the block, waiting for their chance to
drop off their child. We've got a video presentation that shows you the first
day of school, what that looked like. Just very quickly, publicity and
transparency. We appreciate how much help we've received from Amy
French. We would ask that her office be given staff to put as much
documentation online as possible. As we heard earlier from Greg Schmid,
here we are in the city of innovation. We think Amy's office should be
innovative ...

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Taylor: ... and be able to do that. Finally, publicity. We'd like to hear
more from Dave Dockter, Jim Keene on answers to our questions. Thank
you. Sorry.

                                                                        Page 50 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
