                         TRANSCRIPT
shoreline is working very effectively from the black line south. What's left
open is that middle two mile stretch between San Francisquito Creek and the
Mountain View border. Now the map you show on the SAFER ...

Mayor Burt: Can we just let Staff respond to that first, so that we don't
proceed under any false understandings there?

Mr. Bobel: Are you asking whether the SAFER project includes that area
that appeared to you to be a gap?

Council Member Schmid: The SAFER project gives three or four alternatives,
but in the written material it very clearly says it's from San Francisquito
Creek to Redwood City is the current agreement. We need to discuss what
happens to the south of San Francisquito Creek. I cannot believe, given
Slide 7, that that wouldn't be a priority for Palo Alto.

Ms. Struve: You found an error in our Staff Report. It's from both San
Francisquito Creek to Redwood City and also south to Mountain View.

Mayor Burt: That's why I was trying to let Staff speak, so that we wouldn't
spend 5 minutes down a false assumption.

Council Member Schmid: What's presented here is the series of alternatives,
some of which ...

Ms. Struve: Those are just for Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid: Yes. I mean, I can't believe you want a statement
from Palo Alto that you would not include protecting what's shown as
vulnerable on Slide 7. That's my comment.

Mr. Bobel: Sorry, error there. The SAFER project, of course, the whole
point of it is to protect the area you're talking about.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. To quickly personally address the two
questions you brought up, yes, I think the City should develop a policy on
sea level rise actions. I lean towards the protect and adapt strategy as
opposed to just the protect. I guess strengthening building requirements as
well, but I think that partially depends on how strong the protect measures
area. I think that's a conversation that will evolve. Speaking of the City of
Mountain View and what they did in conducting a comprehensive sea level
rise vulnerability and adaptation assessment, is that something that we
should consider as well? It says that was specifically for the Shoreline
community. Is that not necessary for Palo Alto because we're not that
                                                                       Page 9 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
