                         TRANSCRIPT
and do it later." May I respectfully suggest that many of the decisions that
are before you tonight in terms of policy decisions on land use would be
fostered by that very requirement in the Government Code. The correlated
analysis, case law requires it. The Attorney General requires it. CAC should
have had the benefit of that correlated analysis by Staff. Notwithstanding
that, I think substantively you should retain the 50-foot height limit with
some of the modifications contained in the CAC recommendations. I would
also additionally note on the issue of land use, there's a recent case of the
California Supreme Court that found that the storm water management
regulations are not a reimbursable mandate, but they're a mandate. That
has to be integrated into the land use discussion about land use, about how
you get rid of storm water runoff, which inherently is related to several of
the other issues concerning water management and the development of
property regardless of its use or intensity of use. I think there's one
element that was not adequately presented to the CAC, and that includes
parkland and potential for parkland. I think in that regard, the Fry's parcel
should be evaluated again especially because of its proximity to Matadero
Creek and what has become an implemented policy in several other
jurisdictions statewide where the stream waters of a flood control channel
are taken out, used in the parkland, facilitating groundwater recharge,
facilitating a real different type of parkland. You don't have that much space
left in the City. Thank you for your consideration.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus is our final speaker.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you. I would like to discuss a couple of things as I
remember the discussion in the CAC and a couple of comments. One issue
that you brought up is the stories versus height limit. I just wanted to bring
up the new Google building over at North Bayshore, which is 110 feet tall at
the center, and it's two stories. Just limiting by stories may sometimes
come out with amazing projects, but it may be a problem in some cases. In
terms of the—again I agree that the vulnerable population is what we
wanted to focus on. One other thing in answer to Karen Holman about
allowing the Research Park to rollover unused square footage. I think that
would be necessary if they were ever to develop as the one landowner and
they wanted to develop something bigger. 50,000 feet may never be
enough for them to develop. There was quite a lot of discussion of that in
the land use committee, and came up with allowing Stanford to accumulate
over a couple of years if they wanted a bigger project. One other thing is on
the coordinated area plans. We did have agreement on South El Camino
and Fry's. Fry's was the first ranking site, and then South El Camino. I
think the other ones, California Avenue area and Downtown, were not in
consensus. Some people wanted them and some people felt that we
couldn't take all that at once and we really need to focus on the other two.
                                                                       Page 86 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
