                          TRANSCRIPT
that are based on weight or whatever. When you pull up at an intersection,
waiting for a red light to charge, a heavy car will trigger a sensor, so the
light will turn green. Whereas, a bicycle who's operating as a vehicular
bicycle or a motorcycle or scooter might not be heavy enough to change it.
I was wondering if there was anything in here that I missed about making
sure that we continue to update our sensors to be more sensitive.

Elaine Costello: Do you want me to answer that?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah.

Ms. Costello: Elaine Costello. We did discuss that at the transportation
subcommittee. When I look at the policy—it's 6.6.3—it's really focused more
on students using scooters. As I recall, that is what we currently have in the
draft on that issue. I don't think we have anything else on scooters and
stuff. I know we did have a discussion of supporting those alternatives as
well.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that's a good example of something that might be
missing from here, that we could emphasize in future drafts. We did get a
lot in here in Goal 6 about bicycles, but there's not a section on e-bikes or a
policy on e-bikes specifically. I think there's an opportunity to address that
new phenomenon, both from accommodating them but also the charging.

Council Member Wolbach: That's it for my questions.

Mayor Burt: Anyone next? Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I've been on this thing of late because it's come
up and there's been reason to be. The thing about the El Camino/Page Mill
under-crossing. I don't see any reference to that in here. It seems like we
ought to investigate being able to utilize that.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. This is your idea that we would reactivate the
pedestrian crossing under El Camino. Is that what you're referring to?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Ms. Gitelman: We'll have to look into that. I think it's closed for a reason,
but I don't know what that reason is. I'll have to look into that.

Council Member Holman: It's not even considered in here. I'm sorry?

Ms. Costello: That's right. It's not mentioned in here.

Council Member Holman: Yeah, it's not.
                                                                        Page 93 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
