                          TRANSCRIPT
were, first of all, that public art should be Citywide, that it shouldn't just be
located in Downtown, but it should be located Citywide. It should be in
unexpected places like alleys or on train platforms or where people wait for
the shuttle bus. It should really look at a very broad of variety of different
artistic media whether it was art that is made with technology or whether it's
art using traditional means.

Gail Goldman, Gail Goldman Associates: The other three primary goals for
this were to really think about involving artists in the planning processes to
take advantage of the kinds of expertise that they can lend to a process
from the very inception to really make things as cohesive and integrated as
possible in the approach to art within the community. It's also important to
really think about other ways in which artists can become involved. There
were a lot of artists that were involved in this process. We had specific focus
groups with artists, and they really talked about wanting to be citizen artists
and become involved as much as possible in the evolution of public art in the
City. Talking about permanent and temporary work, really looking at again
as well-rounded experience for the viewing public and (inaudible) people
who visit here as well as live here. Across the board, really uncompromising
standards in terms of artistic excellence. Making sure like with everything
else that we create that we're also able to maintain it because it does reflect
what our priorities are and what we value as a City.

Ms. Goldstein: One of the things that came out of all the meetings that we
had was a series of different themes that were important to people. The
same issues came up again and again and became really important themes
for the Public Art Plan. One of them had to do with accessibility and making
sure that people could see public art and artworks in their neighborhoods or
in their daily lives. It didn't need to be something that they had to make a
special trip to go see. People suggested things like art that would be woven
through walking routes and residential areas and things of that kind. There
was a very strong theme that came up time and time again, and that was to
involve young people in public art whether it was in making public art or
creating art that would be interactive for young people to enjoy and
participate in. The other thing had to do with environmental stewardship.
We had a number of very strong and vocal environmentalists that felt that
art should be something that would illustrate environmental processes and
get people to appreciate the natural world. To really think about all the
different partners that we could engage in the public art process whether it
was the tech companies, whether it was Stanford University, whether it was
the School District. By building partnerships, we would have public art that
would be much stronger than doing it just as a City program.



                                                                          Page 64 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
