                          TRANSCRIPT
One, recycle the 2 1/2 more percent of recycled water a day. That's easy to
do. Or look at pumping that same water back into the shallow, non-potable
aquifer to compensate for the construction dewatering. Two, rather than
recycling, let's clean our water and use it. We can pipe a portion to keep our
underground emergency reservoirs filled or, with our regional neighbors,
pump a larger amount of it into the deep, potable water aquifer. Or even
create a new, deep underground reservoir to bank the potable water during
droughts. Or let's stop taking our water from the Hetch Hetchy Valley
altogether and clean all of our wastewater so that we can start drinking it
over and over again like some parts of Southern California are beginning to
do. Two other thoughts very quickly. When underground rail hopefully goes
through, that will create a damn between the recharge area and the rest of
Palo Alto. That's a big deal. I've also reached out to attorneys at Stanford
and Sacramento who specialize in water. The City needs to consider
carefully what happens when it asks and/or demands that a homeowner
takes their water off their site and they want to ask for payment for that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Carla Carvalho to be followed by our last speaker,
Simone Nixon.

Carla Carvalho: I am pleased that the Staff and the City Council are
addressing     this    issue;  however,     more   is   needed,    specifically
recommendations put forth tonight, Number 1, 2 and 4, place responsibility
for recycling this groundwater on the neighbors. Why put the onus on the
neighbors when in fact they may be the victims of their neighbor's
construction project? Three quick points. Number one, this City proclaims
itself a energy efficient, Net Zero City. I'm wondering what the dewatering
does to the energy budget of the City. Has anybody looked at the energy
required to dewater? As Ester said early, some of this water has never even
had a first use, never mind a second. I argue that that should be put into
the equation and can help us as a City go more towards the zero side of the
equation. Secondly, Councilman Filseth asked is anything different, and
Councilman Kniss said that this has been going on for a long time this
evening. I would argue that, yes, awareness is different. Scientists have
taught us that we need to view water sustainability as a long-term process,
not a year-to-year process. I think people are finally realizing that. The
idea that water conservation in a drought year and water wasting in an El
Nino year is pedestrian and irresponsible. Final point. The issue of granny
units is something that the City Council has been looking at recently and has
been widely publicized. Why not accelerate the discussion about granny
units? Many people would possibly forego a basement were granny units
allowed. The environmental impact of this is likely to be less. Thank you.



                                                                        Page 50 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
