                          TRANSCRIPT
instead of by paying the fee, in any number of ways. There are also
alternatives available for residential projects. We've updated and included a
new protest procedure. Getting to the fees themselves, we're going to start
with commercial first. As you know, we currently charge commercial impact
fees on commercial land uses of about $20 a square foot. The consultant
report, which is in this table, the February 2016 proposal, suggested that we
could increase the office/R&D fee to $35 a foot and the hotel to $30 a foot.
The Finance Committee reviewed the two nexus studies and the
recommendation and suggested changing the fee for the office/R&D up to
$60 a foot rather than $35 as recommended. I'm going to show you how
that compares to other jurisdictions in a minute. The PTC looked at this and
recommended going forward with the Finance Committee's recommendation.
The only change being that they suggested phasing in that office/R&D fee.
On the residential side, let's go to the next table. The first three rows here
are ownership housing projects. The last row, the bottom one, is about
rental housing. On the ownership side, as Eloiza indicated, we currently
have an inclusionary requirement of 15 percent for projects of five or more
units. Where an applicant can't pay that fee or has a fractional unit, we
charge this in-lieu fee. Currently, the in-lieu fee is calculated at 7.5 percent
of the sales price which, as you can imagine, is extremely difficult to
administer because we have to wait until the units are sold and then try and
go back and collect the fee, rather than other impact fees that are typically
collected at the time of building permit issuance. The consultant report
recommended that we change the fee structure and charge this in-lieu fee at
$50 a square foot for two of the prototypes and $95 a square foot for single-
family detached. On the rental side, they recommended again the $50 a
square foot. The Finance Committee adjusted that slightly. They adjusted
down the single-family detached fee to $50, the same as all the other types.
The PTC made two changes. On the single-family detached, they went back
up to $95, as the consultant had recommended, to better reflect the actual
cost of constructing that kind of unit. On the last row there, the market rate
rental housing, they suggested a fee of somewhere between $10 and $20 a
square foot, suggesting that the City Council set it within that range based
on a comparison to other jurisdictions. Let's look at the other jurisdictions
now. Here's the commercial fees in other jurisdictions first. This detail is
provided for you in Attachment G of your Packet this evening. If you'd like
more detail, there are lots of footnotes that go along with each one of these
rows. Basically you'll see on the hotel side, other jurisdictions are setting
their fees between $2.50 a foot up to about $18 a foot. Remember, ours is
already at about $20, and the recommendation is to go to $30. On the
office/R&D side, you'll see that there's again quite a range in nearby
jurisdictions, everywhere from $5.44 a foot up to $25 a foot. Again, our
current fee is around $20, and the consultant's recommendation was $35.
The Finance Committee and the Planning Commission recommended $60,
                                                                          Page 38 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
