                          TRANSCRIPT
This is interesting because we want to promote connectivity. This is Peral
Lane; it runs behind the Coronet Motel. If you look down at the far end
there, it connects to California Avenue which connects to the parking garage
on Cambridge. It's this potential corridor that we're trying to sort of bring
into the urban picture. This is looking the other way, towards our site from
that alley. Our program is to create a three-story, mixed-use, commercial
building. Our client came to us with 13 two-bedroom townhouses. We
didn't really have to do any. We wanted to respond to the nature of the site,
park in a subterranean garage, get as much parking below grade as
possible, provide outdoor courtyard space, balconies and support sustainable
systems. The Comp Plan encourages mixed-use projects in this area of El
Camino and the Cal. Ave. We had a prelim ARB in November 2014. We had
a neighborhood outreach meeting in July of 2015, and we sent out 550
notices.    We presented the project to two attendees, and their main
questions were about construction duration and when would the project be
completed. We had a PTC meeting as I said; they supported it along with
they asked for a TDM plan. Our TDM plan anticipates right now a 20 percent
SOV reduction. The ARB at that hearing supported the project and asked for
some modifications, which we did make, and then we went back and got the
approval from the ARB after making those modifications to El Camino. I can
show you what that is. The ironic thing is if we had proposed eight units or
less and 17,000 square feet of office space, we wouldn't be in front of you
tonight. I find that very ironic. The proposed site forces that we're trying to
work with are keep the project away from the RM-40, so we have almost a
64-foot separation from the house on the RM-40 lot. We wanted to create
this connection through this project that kind of connects Grant to Sherman
without having to go out to El Camino Real. Two access points to the
garage; one on that CC(2) part of the property off of Sherman and one on
Grant. The one on Grant actually allows you to go down the ramp to the
garage, but they are connected for onsite parking. The solar radiation is
pretty severe. You can see the diagram in the lower left-hand corner. It
gets a lot of south and southwestern sun on El Camino and Sherman. A lot
of public space. We've set back trying to create nice sidewalks, amenities
for pedestrians. We have benches; we have an abundance of windows for
retail, multiple access points where all the arrows are. The main entry lobby
will be there, where the yellow is. We wanted to engage and be coupled
with the activity of the plaza space. Peral Lane, that force, sort of visual
connection, then terminates at where we're proposing this plaza space. That
plaza space is connected back to El Camino Real, and I'll show you how that
takes form in a minute. Just a blow-up of the first floor. I won't get into a
lot of detail, except that part of the office on the ground floor is 3,242
square feet plus ancillary support areas. Just to kind of put that into
perspective, the balance is on the second floor. You can see all the recesses
around all four sides of the building and the plaza, and then access points for
                                                                        Page 38 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
