                          TRANSCRIPT
procedurally, do you believe this ought to go to the Architectural Review
Board? That's information we're seeking because then we would send it
down that review process.

Council Member DuBois: You're saying even if we say it's a minor decision
that goes to Staff, somebody could still request that it goes to the ARB?

Mr. Lait: Yes. No charge.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for clarifying that. I just want to say I
would like to see the project go forward. I'd also like to see it follow our
procedures. I support locally generated solar. I think it's a good project. I
am concerned about the aesthetics. I'd like to hear from my colleagues
before we vote on why they believe this is a minor change to a PC and does
this process follow our ordinances or not. I'm still thinking about that.
Either way, I'd like to emphasize that I think we are sticking within our 50-
foot height limit. We do have the exception for mechanical and utilities. I
think this falls within that exception. In fact, it's not using the whole 15 feet
that would be allowed under that exception. To Council Member Filseth's
earliest question, I don't think we are creating any kind of precedent that
every building in the City can add an additional 10 feet of solar panels. This
is very specific to these PC parking garages. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Just a couple of comments
here. First of all, I think the Council has generally been favorable in support
of this project. Most of the discussion has been around process and policy
and how we do this. A couple of observations here. First, I think this
highlights a problem with PCs in general. PC s are custom zoning, and they
have to be amended. We find ourselves in kind of an odd position here,
because it's a lot of trouble to amend a PC. Basically what we're discussing
here is can we stretch our definitions a little bit so we can kind of avoid all
that trouble with amending a PC. We on Council, our charter is a policy
group. To do that kind of thing sort of has a tension between policy and an
individual project. I think what it highlights is when we do PCs, we kind of
have to be aware of this coming. They have to be amended. In some ways
it's a gift that keeps on giving. I think we just need to be aware of that and
have consideration for that if we ever start doing more PCs. I think this is a
good example of that. The second is again on policy. I think Staff did a
good job of framing the project. Thank you very much. I think this is a
case in which there were potential policy implications here. Please help us
as a Council keep an eye out for these when you can, when these situations


                                                                         Page 59 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
