                         TRANSCRIPT
Net Executive Director, Mary Gloner. Several of you have already had a
chance to meet Mary, who is again our new Project Safety Net Executive
Director, Executive Director working for the community collaborative around
youth well-being. We thought it would be worthwhile to introduce her.
She's been on the job for about three months and is a product of Palo Alto
school system, might find out whether or not she was bicycling or not. She's
also a local health educator with extensive experience, has a Master's
Degree in community health education and an MBA. If I could invite Mary to
say a few words to Council, with your okay. Mary.

Mary Gloner, Project Safety Net Coordinator: Thank you, City Manager
Keene, for formally introducing me to the City Council. Also I want to thank
Mayor Burt and the Council Members not only for your time but for equally
being supportive of Project Safety Net since its inception in 2010 when the
community came together in response to the first clusters of youth suicides.
I'm just going to share a little bit of personal reflections and then make
myself available to you outside of Chambers. During the interview process,
I pointed out that I envisioned three themes during this transitional year:
its evolution, visibility and impact.     I shared very early on with the
collaborative members that my three guiding principles to ensure I remained
focused is to really prioritize issues and solutions identified by our youth,
serve our community from a systems perspective, really bringing collective
impact to life, and more importantly to keep Project Safety Net’s (PSN's)
mission in the forefront, to develop and implement an effective,
comprehensive, community-based mental health plan for overall youth well-
being in Palo Alto. At last week's community collaborative meeting, I shared
sort of highlights for my first 90 days. It was really dedicated to capacity
building and organizational development, nurturing relationships and
networking, participating in various suicide prevention trainings, increasing
community engagement especially with youth, our broader community
members as well as our leadership team and, as you all know, really diving
in with the Center for Disease Control (CDC) Epi-Aid investigation. For me,
despite all these activities, what really resounded to me was when I
experienced firsthand how our partners mobilized and coordinated with each
other when Palo Alto faced the loss of a young life a couple of weeks ago. It
really reaffirmed how honored I am to steer this collaborative as its
Executive Director.     It also reinforced that the culminating of my life
experience, education, community service and personal life mission to serve
our most vulnerable population prepared me to do this important work. My
purpose is to be right here right now with Project Safety Net collaborative. I
want to thank Rob de Geus, our Director of Community Services, for a lot of
his guidance, support and being a sounding board and helping me navigate
City of Palo Alto. I want to also acknowledge many of the City employees as
well as some of our Council Members, Council Member Wolbach and DuBois,
                                                                       Page 16 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
