                          TRANSCRIPT
of the subject discussion are among a handful of properties that deserve
your consideration for the waiver as it was intended. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jeff Levinsky, to be followed
by Winter Dellenbach. Welcome.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members and Staff. You
have before you tonight—where did my slides go? Technical problems. We
have before you tonight three cases where the owners of buildings are trying
to claim that they're not covered by the Retail Preservation Ordinance or to
get out of it. The first one is, I think, perhaps the funniest to ever show up
in a Council Packet. The owner of 425 Portage is trying to claim that the
tenant, Pet Food Depot, is not a store. Rather, he says they were a
warehouse for other locations and sold things only from financial desperation
and then only wholesale. Incredibly, the City wrote back and acknowledged
that last November, saying it's not a store. It is a store. This is their
website for the location in Palo Alto. It says store location and store hours.
It's also listed on Yelp as a store. It's listed on Groupon as a store, and it's
listed on the Shop Palo Alto site as a store. That site is, by the way,
produced by the City. Just to double check, I went there yesterday and I
bought this. It's a little squeaky toy for a dog. They didn't ask me if I was a
wholesaler and going to be reselling this at all. It's a store. The second
case is 3241 Park, where the owner claims incredibly that the shop is illegal.
I've never heard someone try harder to claim that their use is illegal. That's
because they hope that frees them of having to continue some retail-like
use. They even submitted this page; this is from an old, old Code. They
highlighted for your benefit that it wasn't a body and fender and repair shop
or an auto painting shop, so it's not legal. If you look up above, it says that
repairing products is one of the legal uses of the property. Unfortunately for
them, I think it was legal. Case 3 is 100 Addison. The owner claims that it's
not viable for retail, that Addison Antiques was uninterested given
Anthropologie's departure. The tenant said otherwise. Here's The Mercury
News interviewing the tenants. They say, "We had to renegotiate our new
lease, and the price was just going to be too high to continue operating,"
and that they were unable to secure another affordable location in Palo Alto.
In other words, they were willing to be a tenant there without Anthropologie,
but the rent went up. They couldn't afford to stay. There are three cases
here, but all one verdict. The owners are fighting hard to avoid the
ordinance, but the ordinance knew that would happen. It knew that retail
would not produce as much rent.              I ask that you not grant these
exemptions, which would only trigger a whole flood more. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Winter Dellenbach, to be
followed by Herb Borock. Welcome.
                                                                        Page 59 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
