                          TRANSCRIPT
tonight wishing to speak. We have one hour agendized for the item. I just
want to make sure everybody can do their own time math. We'll kick it off
with the Staff presenting whatever we have before us in the applicant's
proposal, and then we'll have some Council discussion, and then figure out
how much time we have for the public comment.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Excuse me, Mayor Burt. City Attorney, Molly
Stump. Just a formality, on the recusals we do need to put on the record
that the real property interests are in two cases personal residences. The
addresses are not disclosed; those are for Council Member Holman and
Council Member Berman. The third real property interest is a commercial
property at 616 University, Council Member Scharff. Also would just note for
the record that Council Member Holman, whose property is somewhat
further away, has recused herself this evening. Should the project go
forward and a formal application be made, she may seek formal advice as to
whether she's able to participate at a future date. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Welcome Director Gitelman.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt, Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director.
I'm joined this evening by Jodie Gerhardt on our Staff and Brad Misner who's
been serving as our fill-in Contract Planner on this project, and he's done a
great job. He's going to give the presentation this evening, and then Jodie
and I will be on hand to help answer any questions should you have them.

Brad Misner, Contract Planner: Thank you, Hillary; I appreciate it. Thank
you, Mayor. Thank you, fellow City Council Members. Again, my name is
Brad Misner, and I am the Contract Planner on this case. Item 1 before you
is a presentation for 550 Hamilton Avenue. Again, it's a prescreening
application for a requested zone change. The purpose of the Study Session
this evening is intended really to facilitate a conceptual review of the
request. It's an opportunity to focus in on some of the bigger policy issues
versus some of the fine-grained, detailed analysis that you might find with a
formal development application before you. Really, it's an opportunity to
gather information concerning those policy points to help guide the
formation of a formal application if one were to be submitted down the line.
As the Mayor pointed out, this is just a Study Session; there would be no
formal actions this evening. With that, I'll touch on the location of the site.
It's located at 550 Hamilton Avenue at the corner of Hamilton Avenue and
Webster Street. The subject property is 57,500 square feet. It's relatively
flat. It has parcel dimensions of about 300 feet along Hamilton Avenue,
approximately 200 feet along Webster Street. The site, as you can see here
from this aerial, has an existing office building, a surface-level parking lot of

                                                                          Page 2 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
