                           TRANSCRIPT
should understand the impact of what we're doing and why we're doing it on
a more granular detail when it comes to biogas. I know we're not looking at
purchasing biogas under the Staff recommendation, but that may come back
to us at some point, and I think I'd like to understand biogas a lot better at
that point.

Mr. Shikada: If I might comment. Your point, Vice Mayor, is relevant to
other potential offsets to the extent that you're pointing out some of the
issues associated with the life cycle costs and/or life cycle impacts of
delivering, whether it be the gas itself or offsets. I think that's part of the
certification process or at least the development of the protocols that lead to
certification that would be involved in this case whether it's CARB or some
other certifying body. In the case of biogas, if we were to pursue that, those
same issues of how far you chase the analysis would be relevant.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm looking at Slides 12 and 13. A couple of
questions. I should remember because I was there. Did we specifically say
that we preferred California over non-California as a recommendation at
Finance Committee?

Ms. Dailey: Slide 11 shows the Finance Committee's Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I thought. Secondly, on Slide 13
when it says—maybe it was … It's also on Slide 12. This question of at
current offset prices it's 4 cents a therm to buy enough offsets to have a
completely carbon neutral gas portfolio. Correct?

Ms. Dailey: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: We said we were comfortable with a rate impact
up to 10 cents per therm. Correct?

Ms. Dailey: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Is it possible to have the rates go up by 10 cents
a therm and use the difference between the cost of full carbon offset and 10
cents a therm for other improvements such as efficiency improvements at
properties in Palo Alto as long as it's available to all Palo Alto residents or all
ratepayers? I think that's (crosstalk).

Mr. Shikada: Let me take a crack at that. I think that's a compound
question. Karla or Jane could kick me under the table if I go astray here.
                                                                            Page 24 of 81
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 12/5/16
