                         TRANSCRIPT
to be working on and come to the conclusion? I guess not, if it's filled with
"stakeholders." They won't jump to those kind of numbers. How does the
Council get its input in upfront, so that the committee is given guidance,
principles to make transportation offsets that work? My suggestion is the
Council encourage a committee to move forward but to start by agreeing on
the Guiding Principles. I think a good start is here's an example of a TMA
that works. How are you going to fund it? How are you going to make it,
and how are you going to fund it? I think the Council has to take the
initiative.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things just bouncing off of the
comments I've just heard. One thing to consider is—I'm open to ideas about
this. My inclination is to say that for SRP TDM Working Group which,
according to their letter, looks like has been renamed to the SRP TMA. The
SRP TMA, Palo Alto TMA, Palo Alto Unified School District, do we maybe just
want to let them pick their own liaison to this committee? If each of those
stakeholders—we've identified them as an organization that we want to be
present. Maybe we just save ourselves the trouble of trying to pick which of
their staff members is the best person; let them make that decision. I do
think we should probably include Stanford Health Care as one of those as
well. Just one more thing I wanted to add. On the question of breadth, I
want to make sure that the committee is open to recommending multiple
funding sources. They might recommend that we move forward, say, with
paid parking for Downtown on the surface streets in addition to a Parcel Tax
or a sales tax or a Business License Tax. Again, I want to just make sure
they have again a broad purview, because that's what our original mandate
is.

Mayor Burt: We're getting into discussion some. I see we do have one
speaker. Why don't I go ahead and let Scott Lane speak? Welcome.

Scott Lane: Thank you again for the opportunity to speak as you start to
get into the weeds here. I guess part of the question I wanted to bring up—
I was wanting to follow on what the last two Council Members have said.
What has worked so far, where are you going to go but also cognizant of
when do the deliverables need to be done. Milestones are going to be
needed to back into that. Maybe you need a cushion on the backend. How
are you actually going to produce what you want in perhaps half the time it
normally takes? I don't know. This could be a very aggressive thing. I
don't have the answer. More process, more planning and more direction
from either City Council.     A Staff member dedicated there would be
interesting. As part of what MTC and ABAG are doing, just to let you know,

                                                                      Page 94 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
