                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid:      I've heard there was a detailed financial
statement. As Tom pointed out, we didn't get that. The one number that
shows up is $520,000 per year, an estimate of how high we might find the
bill. Is that correct?

Mr. Alaee: Yes, that is correct. Tonight's purpose is to get direction from
Council to proceed with detailed discussions with Pets in Need around the
remaining elements of the finances, the services and the facility. We
intentionally did not provide those financial details, because there are still
conversations to be had. The three elements I just mentioned, services,
finances and the facility—there's a spectrum. There are different views on
each side of the spectrum. We still need to have conversations about each
of those elements and find the commonalities and ultimately put that in a
final contract that will come before the City Council before the end of the
year. Our intention is at that meeting the detailed financial plans will be
brought to you so you can look at the financial details.

Council Member Schmid: I just wondered if in those details there was any
notion of revenue streams that might be generated, that are not current
activities.

Mr. Alaee: There are revenue streams that are identified as the existing
standard revenue streams for an Animal Services operation.            We're
discussing which ones the City retains and which ones Pets in Need would
retain. Keep in mind that we're going to continue to operate animal control.
There are certain revenues associated with the animal control function the
City would like to retain. There are no necessarily new revenue streams that
have been identified.

Council Member Schmid: There's nothing to induce householders to go
there for services, whether it be spay and neuter or a sick animal or care or
hoteling.

Mr. Alaee: Correct. The services conversation is continuing. All the
services you have mentioned have been discussed. As far as the specific
rate structure that Pets in Need would charge for services provided in Palo
Alto, we haven't dove into those specific details.         Those are the
conversations we'll continue to have.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

                                                                       Page 41 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
