                          TRANSCRIPT
competitive and more attractive. We may lose gas customers anyway. I
think the question for us is how do we do this in a proactive and directed
and strategic way for us, not just trying to respond to what the market
throws at us. Back to you for your next point.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's a good point. Encourage all-electric new
buildings. I think that's a great idea, but I also think we need to have good
substitutions. I was glad to see that you said that water heating is there,
but space heating is not.

Mr. Friend: Let me clarify. Space heating is not for retrofit.

Vice Mayor Scharff: For new, it is?

Mr. Friend: For all-electric new, it may be. Peter, do you have anything to
say to that at this point or do we not know yet? We'll come back to you with
a lot of detail on electrification. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The point I really wanted to make is as a Guiding
Principle, I want to have good substitutions. That's where I was really
getting to that. For me, I can tell you where I don't think we have good
substitutions, but maybe that's where green gas comes in, would be for gas
cooking frankly and for fireplaces. I would hate to see us, for instance,
outlaw gas in all new buildings and, therefore, no new restaurants in Palo
Alto could have gas cooking. That means you'd be stuck with the inability to
retrofit and create new restaurants. You would stagnify (sic) and die as a
restaurant area or over time. You might not, but I think you would. I just
want us to think about those things. I'm sure there's substitutions. I did
want you to answer the question of what is green gas and why is that green.

Mr. Friend: As we're using green gas in Palo Alto Green Gas, it's gas that is
being offset. We're purchasing offsets to green up the gas by purchasing
offsets that invest in projects elsewhere. The other alternative is biogas or
renewable natural gas. Utilities has looked at that in the past few years, did
not think it was viable. We've seen some new vendors and new offers on
the market that are worth reexamining.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why is biogas green?

Mr. Friend: Because it's not from fossil fuels. It's from organic waste.
Methane from a landfill would be an example of biogas.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, I understand. I'm just not sure why.



                                                                       Page 79 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
