                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:      Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to add to the Motion Part A, “incorporating 6,200 jobs.”

Mayor Burt: Do we have that motion, substitute, clear? Amendment, it's
not a substitute motion. Council Member Schmid, you need to make sure
that the Clerk has your amendment clear.

Council Member Berman: Instead of 8,800, you want 6,200?

Council Member Schmid: Yes. Sixty-eight is the existing. I would just
make the case that historically and if you go back before 1989, there was a
period of about six or seven years where there was a moratorium on growth
in the City. That's actually a 20-year period where the numbers are beneath
that. We're trying to talk about being consistent with our history. Palo Alto
has been very successful partially because it has limited the expansion of
commercial square footage over time. That's one of the keys to the success.
Option A would continue one of the traditions of Palo Alto that has made it a
seed bed rather than a capital city.

Council Member DuBois: I'd actually just want to add two points, and I
brought them up earlier. Again, this is only in new development. It would
be doing some of the things that you've talked about, Mayor Burt, which is
looking at density in existing office buildings as well as looking at use of the
Downtown as a large office park for a large company versus smaller
companies.

Council Member Schmid: I think my proposal is only for Option A. I'm not
suggesting it for "B."

Council Member DuBois: The other point of this is just testing the ranges.
Separating "A" from "B" makes sense to me.

Mayor Burt: Let me clear this.      This is just speaking to the amendment.
Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Sorry. I know it's late. I wanted to ask a question.
I didn't completely follow the arithmetic here between the monitored and the
non-monitored area and so forth. Is this the same 6,600 that's in original
Scenarios 1 and 2 or is that a different one?

Council Member Berman: (crosstalk) compilation.

Council Member Filseth: Sorry.

Council Member Schmid: This is a substitute for the jobs number.

                                                                        Page 113 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
