                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Coming from Emerson Street, you come along and you
have two bike paths. You could take either one. Are people tending to use
the Stanford Perimeter Trail, which is what I'd use frankly, or are they
tending to make that right turn frankly and go along El Camino there to get
to Downtown?

Mr. Mello: In bikeway planning there's really two types of cyclists we try to
plan for; the vehicular cyclist, which Robert touched on a little bit. They'd
be more comfortable riding in a lane or using the bike lane. Now, we're
trying to design our facilities to appeal to more of the family cyclists, the 8-
80 group. In this alternative, they would probably stick to the two-way
cycle track and the Stanford Perimeter Trail.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That wasn't really my question.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. To Downtown, the route is to go to the off-road path
by the tracks and Homer tunnel

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I would take too. I guess the question is
why would you make that right turn and go up El Camino then? I guess if
you're going to go to Downtown Menlo Park, but I'd still take the off-road
track. I'm just trying to figure out why you'd make a right turn there as a
bicyclist.

Mr. Black: I can shed some light on it. We did count the number of bikes
that turned right from Embarcadero to northbound El Camino. The number
was zero; there weren't any bikes that did that.       The predominant
movement of bikes that we were seeing out there is to and from the
Stanford campus, going straight on Embarcadero and across El Camino and
vice versa. Those are the heavy bike movements.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I figured. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. We received a couple of
emails, a fair amount of emails, from the public which asked Council to
explore two amendments. One is to explore extension of both protected
bike lanes to Bryant Street Bike Boulevard. If my understanding is correct,
they already—going eastbound, there's connection to Bryant through a block
of Kipling. Is that correct? You're coming down—if you're coming from the
east to west, you can go from Bryant, go right on Kingsley, and then cross
into the protected bike boulevard to go through. Is that correct?



                                                                         Page 71 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
