                          TRANSCRIPT
we can do. In this case, we brought it to you. In the case of Menlo Park, it
will go to the Commission. That's just the way it's worked out.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I agree with what Mayor Burt said about
it's good to identify the issues. I think you've done a good job in identifying
a lot of the issues. I guess the reason I voted to pull this is—there were
several things. I don't think you've identified some of the positive issues
that, I think, we should identify here and have them look at. If we had a
large number of units built there, people could then bike and walk to their
jobs Downtown. They may actually significantly reduce traffic. Our Council
has made a big deal about jobs/housing imbalance. It doesn't really matter
if this is right on the border; it could be Palo Alto. If we actually believe in
the jobs/housing imbalance, we should be supportive of this or at least have
it studied in the EIR, about how this would affect our traffic positively. It
may actually really help with all that. Also, how it may affect affordability of
housing around Palo Alto in that there would be more affordable housing,
because that most likely would be cheaper than the housing in Palo Alto. I
think all of those should be addressed in the EIR. I guess I was really
disappointed in Paragraph 3 on Page 4. It may just be me, but that
paragraph struck me as pejorative and not really asking for information in
an EIR but indicating that Palo Alto—it actually seemed to me to be
threatening them, to be honest. The last paragraph, the East Palo Alto
decision on redevelopment allowed will have an impact on Palo Alto's
position and our City's choice of the preferred alternative for the Newell
Bridge.

Mayor Burt: Where? I'm sorry.

Vice Mayor Scharff: On Page 4. That struck me as if we had a veiled threat
there. I may just be reading into it. I thought we should strike that whole
paragraph. I guess I wanted to see that paragraph struck. That's the third
paragraph down on Page 4. I thought it was quite negative and (inaudible),
frankly, and not just asking for information in the DEIR.

Mr. Keene: It's a good point. I would say that we've been saying that sort
of thing in many ways routinely in relation to the alternatives being studied
in the EIR that we're doing on the Newell Road Bridge. The concern about
the alignment and the capacity that East Palo Alto might favor ultimately,
that our community's been pretty forceful about saying there were other
alignments that they wanted to pursue. We thought it would be remiss to
not sort of acknowledge that we have this other unfolding issue.


                                                                             Page 93 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
