                          TRANSCRIPT
Co-Chairs and especially Staff. They've done a great job organizing an
extraordinarily complex and long process. I think the feedback from Council
is really helpful, but just to couch that, there are 20 members on the
Committee, so we kind of take it in different ways. I want to answer also
some of your questions on Council. I've got some feedback for you guys,
(inaudible) questions answered. Let's start with some of those. My first is
are we using the correct measures. There was a discussion about VMT or
LOS. I think it's important for the City to kind of benchmark ourselves in the
right way. There's a few other things we should consider maybe, such as
County population growth versus Palo Alto's population growth. Should we
take an equal share? Should we take a greater share, less of a share? Kind
of look at those measures. Quality of life measures, should we build those
into the Comp. Plan? Some places we might be able to. In terms of the
jobs/housing balance, is there a target we want? Do we know if we want to
get higher, lower? What's that number? I think that's a question we could
answer in the Comp. Plan. Vice Mayor Scharff asked if we need to include
flexibility. I kind of think of it in terms of are we moving quickly enough in
the City. I think Palo Alto does a really good job of building and developing
and growing our City and keeping it a great place to live. I'd like to see
something in the Comp. Plan that kind of puts that into a goal or policy
where the City embraces flexible urbanism, new projects that can be taken
on in a lightweight manner, that might test ideas before we actually build
them out, particularly with regards to transportation. I think there is a need
to prioritize.    One Council Member had a question about that.             The
Committee has brought it up a number of times in terms of how we would
prioritize goals, but we don't really reach a consensus on what that priority
would be. Maybe that is left to Council in the end, if there is a prioritization
of different Comp. Plan goals. I think there's been an excellent focus on
sustainability as a cross-cutting issue that touches all elements.           My
personal opinion is maybe it should be encapsulated in a separate chapter
but, as Elaine mentioned—I think she was pretty persuasive—it is getting its
tentacles in all the different sections of the Comp. Plan. Another element
that might be a good cross-cutting one is transportation. It touches land
use; it touches public safety; it touches our parks. That might be a helpful
way to think of it as well. Council Member Holman, you asked about Healthy
Cities and arts and culture. I think we've touched on them. I don't feel
we've dug deep enough. Particularly with arts and culture, we've lost a lot
of that over the last 10 or 15 years in the City, and I'm not sure we're quite
there or what we want from it actually. That might need to be better
defined. There was a question about the scenarios. I think they're all good
and they're helpful. Is it the right number of scenarios? I'm not sure. I
think ultimately it'll be a mixing and matching. Two of the scenarios had
trenching Caltrain; that seems to be a consensus this community is reaching
and maybe it should be across all of them. In terms of whether we prioritize
                                                                             Page 67 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
