                         TRANSCRIPT
hopefully and wise, and everything's affordable. What I want to do tonight,
I want to make sure that there's credit where credit is due. I live, as some
of you remembered, at Palo Alto's first roundabout at the corner of Bryant
and Addison. I want to thank the Staff, specifically the Public Works
Department, for renovating a roundabout that was put in years ago. It was
totally beat up. In fact, with all the construction we have in the area, the
concrete was broken. The shrubs were looking terrible. Mike Sartor and his
group, Peter Jensen, the architect, replanted the roundabout, and then it got
torn up for the sewer work that's ongoing. We all appreciate that too. They
came back and redid it. Jim, your folks are doing a good job there. It's
really nice. Then, they came back and surprised me, and they redid the
concrete that was broken.       It looks like new.     Also for the Utilities
Department, the people that they have selected have done—a lot of my
neighbors have told me that they really felt that the workers there start a
little early. We fixed that. In fact, they've done a good job. They worked
with the neighborhood to make things work. Congratulations, Jim and your
Staff.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Liam McCarty to be followed by Rob Levitsky.

Liam McCarty: Good evening, Mayor, Vice Mayor, Council and all attendees
of today's meeting. My name is Liam McCarty. I'm a Stanford student along
with several other Stanford students.        We are building a civic tech
organization called ePluribus, whose fundamental goal is to connect people
and their government. We're looking for your help. What we're trying to do
is build an online platform so that people like you can easily access
legislation and other political documents, comment on those documents and
annotate them and communicate directly with your representatives. On the
other side, we'd like to provide representatives with detailed information
about what the people think, so that they're better informed and that
government is more transparent. We'd love your help in this. We're looking
for input and feedback. If you're interested in being involved and learning
more and taking a short survey, which would be very helpful to us, please
reach out at adm96@stanford.edu. That's adm96@stanford.edu. That
should be in the agenda notes. We would really appreciate your help. We'd
like to implement this in Palo Alto if possible. If anyone is interested in
providing feedback and helping us in any way, we'd love your help. The
name of the organization again is ePluribus, a play on words on the United
States motto, E. Pluribus Unum, which means out of many one. That
represents the fundamental goal of what we're doing, to bring democracy
into the 21st century and find compromise among disparate views. Thank
you very much.



                                                                         Page 9 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/15/16
