                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: It's cheaper to go with the self-weathering?

Mr. Schnabel: It is cheaper to go with the self-weathering. It's a little bit
cheaper to maintain, the self-weathering, but the bridge tends to not last as
long.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The difference would be it lasts 50-75 versus, if we
maintain it, 75-100. If we don't maintain it, it lasts 50 years. That's what it
says in the Staff Report. Is that not …

Mr. Schnabel: Yeah, generally. It depends on the type of painting system.
Again, if you use the more expensive painting systems, you tend to reduce
the amount of maintenance required.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's that 15-20 percent more.

Mr. Schnabel: Yes. That's a standard painting system that most of the
prefabricators like to use.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In the base number, the $13 million, what do we have?
Do we have the self-weathering steel or do we have the painting?

Mr. Eggleston: We have paint.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We have paint.

Mr. Eggleston: That's right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do we have the better paint or the not …

Mr. Schnabel: We have the standard paint.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We have the standard paint. Would you recommend
the better paint? If you were looking at this from a cost-effective—I guess
that's really the question. Lower maintenance …

Mr. Eggleston: (crosstalk) life span (crosstalk) life cycle kind of approach.

Mr. Schnabel: I think, though, self-weathering steel will tend to be the more
economical if you look at …

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is the self-weathering as attractive or is the paint
better looking? What's the …

Mr. Schnabel: It's not paint. Basically it's rust. The whole bridge just rusts
through, and it's a rust color. You see it on a lot of the creek bridges.

                                                                          Page 58 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
