                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I think that providing daycare has been a City policy to help
support for many decades. I think it's been embodied in our Comp Plan.
I'm glad Council Member DuBois raised that, because it kind of points out
that we haven't had identified in this proposal where fees may conflict with
certain policies or values that are adopted as community values or policies.
I don't know whether there are other places in here that I didn't catch, that
might be similar in nature. That raises a concern for me.

Council Member DuBois: I'm almost done. That one, again, I fully support
the idea of cost recovery. Like I said, I don't think we're going to get a
thousand daycare center applications, so it's a relatively small amount of
money. I would advocate keeping it at the low rate.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry.     I didn't understand the two comments.           You're
advocating that ...

Council Member DuBois: I would advocate keeping it even at the $186.

Mayor Burt:    That's not cost recovery.    You said you would support cost
recovery.

Council Member DuBois: In general. What I'm trying to say is I don't think
we should have a lot of exceptions. This is one case where I would make an
exception, and I don't think it would cost us very much.               I'm not
communicating very well. The other thing is—this is a little bit outside the
bounds of tonight.      I'd really like to see us start to account for full
compensation costs, including what we call unfunded liabilities. The first
step is really accounting for those. If we start to account for those, we could
talk about recovering those as well. When it comes time to make a Motion, I
have a couple of things I would include, but I'd like my Colleagues to
comment first.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Pretty close to time to make a Motion. I wanted just
to review once more the appeal. I was doing a side conversation with Pat.
If I want to put up a house, it's totally within the boundaries, I'm not getting
close to the edge on this, but he doesn't like it. He appeals it. At that point,
looking at your fees in here—this is back on 97. Jonathan, you addressed
that, and you talked about the appeals here. How, again, does that work?
Does Pat pay anything to have it appealed? He says, "I don't like your
house. I'm going to appeal it. It doesn't fit in with the neighborhood."

Mr. Lait: If we're talking about an Individual Review, the adjacent neighbor
can appeal the decision, I believe, without cause. It doesn't have to be a
                                                                          Page 26 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
