                          TRANSCRIPT
up is that exactly that has happened in Mountain View at the MEW site
where they had a leak that got into an area, went down a water line and got
into an occupied residential area, which was a good quarter mile from the
identified toxic site. If CPI modifies or moves the plating shop, we should
make sure that they don't put it close to an existing water or sewer line.
The Utility Department knows where those lines are; I don't. Maybe there's
no sewer or water line near where the plating shop is or where they plan to
put it. Just to be on the safe side, we should have the Utility Department
check and verify that we don't have any potentially damaged lines in the
vicinity of either the existing plating shop or a proposed future site. Just to
be safe, just to be a little bit extra cautious. I'm hoping that there's really
no problem, but I think we may as well take the time and effort to make
sure that we don't miss on this. A few years down the road, they have a
toxic spill and they're right over a water line, and we have people drinking
contaminated water. We don't want that. I'm just suggesting to you, take a
look, have the Utilities Department involved in it and make sure we have no
hidden problems.

Public Hearing closed at 7:45 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our public comments. Vice Mayor
Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'd really to thank the
neighborhood leaders in Barron Park for working with CPI, with a special
shout-out to Art Lieberman who's worked on this for 10 years, you said.
That's a really long time. I stand by what I said previously. I really think
we need to get this done, get it moving forward. I think Staff's done a really
god job. I'd actually also give a shout-out to CPI who, I understand, has
worked with you guys and is continuing to work with you guys. I'm hopeful
that an agreement can be reached in the next 30 days. If an agreement is
reached in the next 30 days, I think this would be an incredible example
frankly of a neighborhood and a company working together and coming to
an agreement that not everyone's completely happy with, but that meets
everyone's best interests. That would be a great model of cooperation for
our City, and I think it's something we could all be proud of. With that short
statement, I actually will move the Staff recommendation as follows. I'll
move that we adopt the hazardous materials ordinance including Attachment
A, and then (b) we adopt the amortization ordinance included as Attachment
C including the added text referencing a possible agreement between the
City and CPI.

Council Member Kniss: Second.


                                                                         Page 33 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/29/16
