                          TRANSCRIPT
Bryant-Lytton Garage. Also, with the approved valet assist program that's
currently operational in the Bryant-Lytton Garage and approved but not yet
implemented for Cowper-Webster and Civic Center, we have about 300
spaces for vehicles in the Downtown garages right now. Just keeping in
mind that it's not just RPP permits that provide options for employee
parking, but that there is capacity in the Downtown garages (inaudible).
Part of our ongoing communications efforts to residents and employees
include options for parking and transportation in and around Downtown. In
terms of employee parking, we plan to include the Downtown lots and
garages in the communication to potential permit holders, making sure that
they know that their options include the Downtown lots and garages if
they're in the Parking Assessment District and eligible for those permits.
They may also take advantage of other transportation options like transit,
carpool, bike, and walking and then also include any relevant TMA activities
that would apply. Just more of a robust communications and outreach
strategy to make sure that people are aware of all of their options and to try
to get folks parking in the places where they can. Permit types for Phase
Two are generally the same as when we were last here. Residents would
have an annual decal that is vehicle specific, that would be affixed to their
rear window. They'd be limited to four per household. The first is free of
charge, and they may purchase up to three additional at $50 each. They
may also purchase up to two transferable guest hangtags. Those are meant
for frequent visitors or household employees including caretakers, childcare
providers, etc. Those are $50 each. Up to 50 daily scratchers per household
annually. Employee permits are all zone specific. The annual decal, either
standard or reduced price, would look the same and would have a specific
zone on it. Employees would purchase their permit for that specific zone.
The transferable hangtags are for employer purchase only, mainly aimed at
shift workers. Someone in the morning can use it, and then exchange it for
someone in the afternoon to use. Alternatively, if an employer has a
number of folks who ride their bikes or take the train or carpool who
occasionally need to park, they can also share that transferable hangtag.
The daily scratcher, the revision based on Council feedback and direction
February 1st is that daily scratchers would be available only for employee
purchase. Those daily parking permits, the month, the day can be scratched
off and hung from the rearview mirror. Only employees can purchase those.
Staff is proposing a limit of four per month or an employee may purchase a
five day scratcher which allows them to park up to five days in one month.
Again, only employees may purchase that, and only one may be purchased
per month. Both the daily parking permit and the five day scratcher would
also be zone specific and would be assigned randomly. An employee would
purchase a daily scratcher from the website, and they would be mailed one
at random. They would not be selecting what zone they're purchasing in for
the daily and the fiveday scratchers. Scratchers are available to employees
                                                                          Page 8 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
