                          TRANSCRIPT
various components that we're likely to mix and match together. I would
suspect that we would find that a combination of this aspect from Scenario 2
and this from Scenario 4 might actually look much better fiscally than—
basically there appear to be no difference between the scenarios fiscally.
Another concern I had was that there was no change to rates, either
residential rates or commercial rates. We had a scenario where we were
proposing slower commercial growth, but it didn't impact the commercial
rental rates. The same thing happened with housing. If we built a lot of
housing, no impact on housing prices. It basically said we could cover
increases in services with little additional operational cost, but every budget
season we see demand for more services and a requirement for more Staff.
That didn't really seem to match up with reality. No additional capital
improvements were needed in any of the scenarios. Again, I would have
expected Scenario 4 to show a need for additional infrastructure. I think the
most shocking thing in that report was the claim that a new resident is worth
more to the City than a new employee, which was a total flip of everything
we've seen before.      In the past, we've done these analyses, and an
employee costs the City less than services and was worth more. I'm trying
to figure out why that analysis showed that. It may be because business
revenue to the City is dropping relative to revenue generated by residents.
Something that Council Member Schmid has brought up repeatedly. Again,
it perhaps highlights the need to replace a loss in business sales tax with
some other form of revenue. Again, if you guys have any insight into why
that flip occurred. That was a pretty dramatic result.

Ms. Gitelman: Maybe Ben can help us out here. I'd just say that my take-
away from the Fiscal Study really was that the numbers we're talking were
really small. It was on the positive side. The impacts of the growth
projected in the scenarios were not going to be negative is how I would
characterize the conclusion, because we're talking about such small positive
numbers. Let me see if Ben can help us on the question of residents versus
employees.

Benjamin Sigman, Economic and Planning Systems (EPS): Good evening,
Mayor Burt, Council Members. My name's Ben Sigman, Economic and
Planning Systems or EPS, the firm that conducted the Fiscal Study. In the
study, we do go through great lengths more so than prior work done here
and in many places. We've done these Fiscal Studies to isolate the costs
and revenues attributable to residents as compared with workers in the City.
When you really pick that apart, which I think we did fairly successfully here,
we realized that the revenue-generating potential of residents, largely due to
the real estate home values and the density of the homes, creates a huge
sort of revenue center for the City. Being a mature City, the cost of service
at the margin isn't particularly high. There is an opportunity to gain a fiscal
                                                                           Page 73 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
