                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: This can be pretty short. We just have three slides for you. As
background, just to remind you, we brought the recommendations from the
Blue Ribbon Storm Water Management Committee to you previously. You
adopted all those with some excitement, I'll say. Mayor Burt gave a very
impassioned and accurate thank you to the Committee as he described the
new features of this. We've talked about that before, and I won't go through
that again. Just to remind you, you did adopt the recommendations which
included a proposed new fee and a series of other important measures on
green infrastructure and others. With respect to the fee, that's really why
we're here tonight. The Staff recommendation is to ask you to approve a
Resolution proposing the fee itself, which would begin June 1st, not quite the
fiscal year (FY), of '17 and apply mostly to FY '18 of $13.65. That's for a
typical resident. You recall it relates to the property size. Our most typical
resident would pay $13.65. Just to put that in context, that's about a 3
percent increase over what they would have paid if the existing structure
had remained in place. Remember, it doesn't remain in place. It in fact
sunsets on June 1st. Most of the existing fee sunsets at that time. The
Resolution would also be calling for a public hearing on October 24th with
respect to a fee and adopt the procedures relating to the conducting of a
protest hearing and a mail ballot election. You'd also be adopting tonight a
categorical exemption from California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) for
the action of imposing this fee. Just to remind you a bit about the fee. It's
composed of a base and then a project component. First, the base. The
funds are for non-capital expenditures; that's the best way to describe them,
maintenance, our staffing and expenses. This part would not sunset. This is
a little bit of a change from the existing situation where the entire added
portion of the fee sunsetted. Remember there was a part of the fee, just
over $4 per household, which came from before the last ballot measure and
did not sunset. The rest of it is sunsetting; approximately $8 is sunsetting in
June of '17. There would be this portion that the Committee is proposing
not sunset, and that'd be $7.48 for a typical household or so called ERU.
There would be the project component. This is the part that would pay for
Capital Improvement Program (CIP) projects. It would pay for the green
infrastructure, and it would also pay for incentive programs, we've called
them, where the private sector can apply for funding to do measures that
result in infiltration of storm water and replenishment of the groundwater.
That part would sunset after 15 years, so a little longer than the current
period, which was 12 years of sunsetting. Roughly half of it not sunsetting,
the half that relates to maintenance, and then half of it roughly sunsetting
after 15 years, the project portion of it. Here's the schedule. This is really
our last slide just to show you what the next steps would be, assuming you
approve the Resolution tonight. We would mail these legal notices on
September 9th. Remember, this is a two-step process, and this is unique to
storm water. The rest of the utilities don't have to have this two-step
                                                                         Page 13 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
