                          TRANSCRIPT
would want to emphasize initially things further to the right, because they
have larger impact, and things higher on the chart, because they have more
favorable economics. You'll notice that many of the measures cluster
around the zero line. Those are places where you could say that we need
more rigorous analysis or you could say those are pretty, within margin of
error, safe bets to be neutral costs; so our dominant factor may want to be
the impact on emissions. In all these measures, we have four different
zones of control. I think this is very important for us to think about. There
are things that we control directly. For example, the City fleet, we specify
what sort of vehicles we buy and operate for the City fleet and what we
purchase for the City. We have direct impact on our citizens and business
residents in the Codes and mandates and Ordinances that we put forward to
constrain or encourage their behavior. We have incentives that we provide
through Palo Alto Utilities, rebates and so forth, as well as education and
outreach which are a more indirect influence that encourage but don't
require people necessarily to do anything. Our smallest direct influence but
our widest reach is our impact on regional and Statewide policy. Of course,
we don't control what happens in Sacramento, but we have been able to
help nurture a growing conversation about mobility alternatives in the
region, because of going back to a meeting that City Manager Keene
initiated just over a year ago here in City Hall. The planning challenge that
we have here is that we have to plan without knowing all the details in
advance. Traditionally, we like any city government plan in kind of an
extrapolative fashion. We look at what the trends have been, and we extend
them forward. In fact we're in a world of rapidly changing trends. Here on
the upper left is the price of lithium ion batteries, at the right is the price of
Electric Vehicles (EV), lower left the projections of vehicle miles traveled.
You'll see that there's two chunks to that curve on the right; the projection
that the Federal Transportation Administration had made and the one that
they revised as they saw the data changing. In the middle, similarly EV
sales projected by a professor who's lower dotted line for 2013; he had a
change for 2015 because the data was moving faster than what he had
imagined it would do. Just as a point of reference, over on the right, the
forecast at the bottom, that was AT&Ts forecast of the cell phone market in
1986, and the other one is what actually happened. It's a little lighthearted,
but the challenge for us is that we still have to make planning decisions in
the face of trajectories like this. We can't wait for certainty. We don't want
to be too conservative. We don't want to over-assume where things might
go. In the face of that kind of uncertainty, I think there's some basic
parameters that can help us think about how to move powerfully in
uncertain times. Set strong directional goals; develop clear principles and
criteria by which we'll evaluate the programs that we choose to use to move
to those goals; deploy flexible platforms so that we can take practical steps
now that don't close us out of possible moves we might need to make in the
                                                                           Page 19 of 93
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/18/16
