                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: The other thing I have—Eric's graph puts it in graphic
detail—is that we really underestimate our expenses and our revenues every
year in a huge way. In 2014, it looks like $170 million of expenses and
maybe 178 of revenues is what we anticipated. The reality was like 190
million of both.

Mr. Perez: I'm sorry. Where are you looking?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm looking at Eric's graph, the handout. He graphed
what we thought it was going to be in 2014, what we thought the 2016
expenses were going to be. That's the orange line. You can see those two.
Then you look at where the purple line is, and you see that there's really a
huge increase in expenses and revenues. It's huge. That's true of the
green; that's true all the way through. You see that, right?

Mr. Perez: I'm looking at it. I got this earlier, but we haven't had a chance
to analyze it. I don't think this includes encumbrances. This is the actual
expenditure, but you don't spend everything. You lock up a contract, for
example. Let's say it's $1 million contract, but you only spend $50,000.
You would only see the 50,000. We need to show you the 950 that was
encumbered that was part of that budget. That's why there would be a gap.
I would have to look at it. When you just pull out the actual expense from
the financials, you have to also add the encumbrances to then compare it to
the budget.

Mr. Keene: I think there's a couple of other things here. Some of the
difference just here on the revenue side is the annual revenue growth in
each one of these years. The interesting thing is the fact of how the
expenses track the revenues in the same way each year. A lot of the reason
for that isn't—in these recent years, when we've gotten to the end of the
year and we've had a surplus, we expend that extra revenue and put it into
the Infrastructure Fund, as an example. It's costed out as an expense. It's
not like it's a straight, built-in expense that we're doing. That's how we've
handled that. That's why the expenses have been tracking with this.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's a really good point. I guess I was going
to actually ask you about that. At some point it would be great to see the
real—take Eric's graph and do the real numbers, where we don't take—I
don't mean that pejoratively. I mean the real numbers in terms of where we
actually had a surplus, where that's taken out so you could actually see
where expenses really were.      I sort of followed what you said about
encumbrances, but put that in. I have this sneaking suspicion—I guess
that's where I'm going with this—that we get bailed out by we build new
hotels; we put in a new TOT Tax; we do something that actually bumps

                                                                      Page 93 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
