                          TRANSCRIPT
be. If we did put something on the ballot this fall and it were to be
successful, what's Staff's estimation of when the soonest is we would
actually be able to put it into practice and start collecting?

Mr. Keene: Again, we're flying a little bit blind here, trying to base our
estimates on the efforts it's taken us just with the Business Registry, other
startup issues, the fact that this is a tax which, I think, will have a kind of
fiscal responsibility on our part to do it right, to work through issues with
folks. Our estimate was that in a November 2016 Election the accurate start
date in our view would be January of 2018. That would be the date for when
the tax goes into effect. You can often even have delayed time periods to
actually start collecting the tax and collect the tax to a particular date. We
did make the point in the Staff Report that if the Council were to choose
another date, say 2018, there is definitely in addition to outreach the
possibility to direct the Staff to develop the structure and the
implementation schedule prior to the election itself, counting on the fact that
the poll numbers you have would be there. We estimated an effective
difference of a two year delay in a one year difference in the time period for
collecting revenues. Two years has a practical impact at least as far as the
revenue stream of one year. Again, these are end of fiscal year fast
estimates by us.

Council Member Wolbach: One more follow-up on that. If we were to move
forward with or continue to explore a November 2017, which would be a
specific tax rather than a general tax measure, again flying a little bit blind
here, understanding that there are a lot of variables and unknowns. If we
were to explore a November 2017 measure, does Staff think there's any
chance we could have the effective date for that be January 2018?

Mr. Keene: I think that's hard to say. I think in either a 2017 scenario or
2018 scenario we can definitely close the gap significantly between when the
vote is taken and when the implementation and the tax collection can begin.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I've got a couple of questions. One is a follow-up on the
importance of diminishment of financial support by the business community
for our Downtown TMA if we had a tax that would potentially fund the TMA's
$1.3 million plan to reduce single occupancy vehicles by 30 percent or even
expand that to include South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) and a broader
definition of the geographic area Downtown. About how many dollars are
we receiving currently from Downtown businesses in support of the TMA?

Mr. Keene: Is somebody here on the Staff who can answer that? Pardon
me? $45,000? I thought it was more than that. $45,000 right now.
                                                                         Page 60 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
