                          TRANSCRIPT
quantitative analysis focused on dollars and cents outcomes. It does not
attempt to evaluate or incorporate more kind of qualitative analyses of the
City's quality of life over that same 15-year period. The conclusions of the
Fiscal Study were that under all four scenarios the City could expect to see
positive fiscal impacts. The cost of growth does not exceed the revenue-
generating potential of that growth. This is true for both residents and
workers in Palo Alto. Although, it's important to note that the overall effect
for all four scenarios is—I think we could characterize it as relatively modest.
There's not any one of the scenarios that results in enormous positive
revenue for your General Fund in 2030. We did take the Fiscal Study to the
Finance Committee back in March, and we got some great feedback and had
an excellent conversation at the Finance Committee. Really appreciated the
very careful review and thoughtful input that we got from Finance
Committee Members. Part of that included some requests for additional
analysis and, as part of the contract modification that you approved on
May 16th, included other resources to do that additional analysis. That will
be part of what's prepared at the same time as we're doing the
supplemental analysis for the fiscal impacts of Scenarios 5 and 6; we'll also
take that opportunity to add some of the information that the Finance
Committee requested. Turning back to the EIR. I just want to briefly touch
on some of these timelines, because they're very important under the
statute. We issued a Notice of Preparation back in 2014 and had a scoping
hearing that summer. We published the EIR back in February. We had
originally planned a 60-day public review period that would end in May;
we've extended that to June to make sure that we incorporate this hearing
and any comments that we're going to receive around this hearing. The
public review period is now slated to end on June 8th. That's Wednesday.
We hope to then be conducting the analysis of the fifth and sixth scenarios
over the next few months and publish that in late fall of this year. All of
which will be moving you towards the publication of a Final EIR in May 2017,
just slightly under a year from right now. At the same time, of course, the
CAC is going to be continuing their work, and the City Council is going to be
continuing your review of the CAC work. That's how this fits into the process
overall. I'll turn it back over to Hillary to close.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Joanna. That concludes our presentation. We're
looking forward to your comments and questions and those of the public,
and then any final direction you have for us on the scenarios defined in
Attachment F. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: How many speaker cards to we have? Just a question of
colleagues. Do we want to have questions from us first or hear from
members of the public first? I think we'll go ahead and hear from members
of the public, and then go to our questions and comments from the Council.
                                                                            Page 57 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
