                          TRANSCRIPT
add in. There's some other areas here that I'm considering, just in talking
about this area. There's some other areas here that I would call—maybe
peripheral might be one word for them, certainly not in the core. Are we
going to sweep those up in another Ordinance at the same time we adopt an
Ordinance for the ground-floor protections in the core area? That's my
question.

Mr. Lait: If I'm understanding your question correctly—I'm looking at Packet
Page 324, Exhibit E of the Report. This is the study area that we're looking
at. If there are other areas in here that you think ought to be included, we
would like that conversation to take place so that we can identify those
tonight, if feasible.

Council Member Holman: There's not identification—some of us who live
around here, have lived around here for a long time, are pretty familiar with
this. There's not identification of what's currently in retail. Council Member
DuBois mentioned Lytton, for instance. There are stretches of Lytton that
are currently in retail personal service. Obviously it works, so why wouldn't
we protect it?

Mr. Lait: In the course of the Council's deliberation, if the—maybe it's not
this blanket of a charge, but maybe it is. If you're seeking to extend the
ground-floor protection to all areas within this map that have existing retail,
that's certainly something that we could do. I think what we tried to look at
is where there was a cluster or opportunity of uses working together. If
there was a one-off use, we tried not to include that in the map or we didn't
include that in the map. We certainly could explore that if that's the
Council's direction.

Council Member Holman: Is Staff aware of—I sometimes get frustrated, so
pardon me for that. I sometimes get frustrated because I don't feel like
sometimes Staff is very familiar with the SOFA II plan. The SOFA II plan
calls for Emerson from Forest to Channing to be retail and on Homer from
Ramona to Alma to be retail. That's not what's indicated on this map. Is
Staff aware of that?

Mr. Lait: Yes. We do have SOFA II. Got it right here. Those are uses that
are permitted. The question is do you want to—because it's not there now,
the ground-floor protection isn't drawn on that map now. If you want ...

Council Member Holman: If you read what's on—I think it's Appendix C-1 or
C-I, whichever it is. It says protection of specific uses. Number one, this
isn't on Page 91. For sites on the Homer/Emerson corridor, it's defined in
Appendix C-1.       Located in the RT-35 or RT-50 Districts, medical,
professional, administrative and general business offices may not be located
                                                                       Page 55 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
