                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: That's a striking number. It implies that the
dewatering is accounting for—what—44 percent of use of the storm drains,
which would get involved in 216 or 26 or whatever propositions you want to
look at. That's a significant number.

Mr. Bobel: The approximate amount is correct.         It's going to be in the
neighborhood of 200 million gallons.

Mayor Burt: I just do want to have one follow-up comment to Vice Mayor
Scharff's concerns. Setting aside for a moment what should be the process
that we use on this, I don't consider it accurate that we've never gone with a
single step out of our committees. We've had a number of occasions where
we have elected to return directly to Council on different matters for
different reasons.    It's not the normal practice, but certainly it's not
unprecedented and it's not a rarity, but it's not the normal practice.

Vice Mayor Scharff: … make that choice.

Mayor Burt: I don't know that that's accurate either. At this time, is there a
Motion to adopt the resolution calling for a mail ballot election in connection
with the City's proposed storm water management fee?

Council Member Schmid: So moved.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to adopt:

A.    A Resolution calling a mail ballot election for Tuesday, April 11, 2017
      to allow owners of parcels subject to the Storm Water Management
      Fee to vote on whether the Fee should be imposed; and

B.    A Resolution modifying Section 8(C) of Utility Rule and Regulation 25
      (Special Storm and Surface Water Drainage Utility Regulations) to
      exempt certain developed parcels which do not impact City storm
      drainage facilities, and to clarify how the Fee applies to parcels which
      only partially drain to the City’s storm drain system.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Schmid, seconded by Council
Member Filseth. Would you like to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Schmid: Just this is an important element in our future.
Over the past, we have used these funds to prepare ourselves for any
eventuality. It's important we maintain that infrastructure.



                                                                        Page 53 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
