                         TRANSCRIPT
supplier along with many other jurisdictions around the region, began
blending water from the Hetch Hetchy reservoir, which is our constant
supply, with other surface reservoirs on the Peninsula.         Other SFPUC
customers receiving this blended water will likely be experiencing the same
effects that were reported in our community. A water blend change typically
happens every year around this time. The reason for that is that it is a
necessary component of the SFPUC's need to perform routine maintenance
on the Hetch Hetchy water distribution system. As they shut that down to
do some of that work, they've got to add some additional water on a
temporary basis. We generally haven't had an issue with the blended water
supply of late and did not seek to notify the community in advance that this
was going to be taking place because in recent years we hadn't had any sort
of water taste or odor. I have asked our Staff to be sure to ask SFPUC to let
us know each year in the future when this is going to take place, and we can
let the public know that this is what's happening. I think it's important to
remind everyone again we continue to conduct daily water quality testing on
our water supply. It is absolutely safe and healthy. We did contact the
SFPUC about why there was an usually elevated change in the taste and
odor as a result of the blended change. They told us that it was due to a
higher volume of materials such as sediment than normal that may have
entered the system during the blending, which caused the water to taste or
smell earthy or musty. Our Utilities Staff have flushed various areas of the
City's water distribution system starting last week to try to mitigate these
changes. We're told that the effects should be resolved for most of the City
by Wednesday as the water moves through our system. There are more
details     available     on      our    water     quality    webpage       at
cityofpaloalto.org/waterquality, all one word. I think, Roger, you guys may
have some photos for me on the installation of a gas pipeline. Joe Teresi, I
guess, has left the room. This was part of Joe's work also. Last week with
Palo Alto's help Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) completed installation of the
2,300 feet of high pressure, 24-inch gas pipeline, which was needed to
abandon the old one which was very close to East Palo Alto homes. The new
line goes along the edge of Palo Alto's golf course, which is a much safer
location for the gas pipeline.      The other good news is that the salty
groundwater which had to be pumped for the trench construction was much
less than originally estimated. Our Staff worked with PG&E on construction
methods, the treatment—this photo here—and monitoring to reduce the
estimated amount from over 1 million gallons to less than 50,000 gallons
actually needed to be pumped. The pretreatment and discharge to Palo Alto
wastewater treatment plant was also successfully completed on Friday.
Further good news is that all of this was done ahead of the golf course
completion so that no future interruption of play will occur. Obviously our
course is closed. We were extremely concerned about the financial impact
this construction schedule, if it had been delayed, could have on that capital
                                                                          Page 8 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
