                          TRANSCRIPT
Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 9:27 P.M.

Council Member Kniss: So moved.

Council Member DuBois: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to accept the City of Palo Alto 2016 Water Utility Public Health Goals
Report.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Kniss, second by Council Member
DuBois. Would you like to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Kniss: No, but thank you.

Mayor Burt: I would like to offer an Amendment along the lines of what I
was just inquiring about. To request Staff to evaluate the alternative of
submitting an RFP to private or nonprofit entities to be a provider of lead
testing for residents at a cost-effective basis and a program established and
supported by the City. This would be to evaluate it, not to determine that
we do it.

Council Member Kniss: Fine.

Council Member DuBois: Did you accept it? Can I ask about your last point,
about diverting Staff from other priorities? Is this …

Mr. Abendschein: I don't think it's going to destroy our work plan, but it will
take some time. There will be some things we'll have to move around, some
things we'll have to push out. It really just depends on how much of a
priority is over those other things.

Council Member DuBois: You're not suggesting it gets done in any particular
timeframe?

Mayor Burt: Nor even that we necessarily do it. It's for Staff to evaluate
the prospect of an RFP as opposed to directing them to do an RFP.

Mr. Abendschein: If we have a little flexibility on the timeline, that would
probably help us.

Council Member DuBois: All right.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: to add to the Motion “and request Staff to
evaluate the alternative of submitting an RFP to a private or non-profit entity
                                                                         Page 62 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
