                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Is it programmed ahead of 52?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, 52 is currently red.

Mayor Burt: Fifty-five, you're saying is really already meeting our concern.
We just drop it from ... We don't need to reprioritize. I guess the question
we'll vote on is—Hillary has just clarified that 55 is already coming back
comfortably before the expiration of the urgency ordinance. The only vote
we would be having is if we want to have it come back even sooner.
Anybody want to have it come back even sooner?

Council Member Kniss: I don't care about that, but (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Just a second.

Council Member Kniss:     Going along with that is what you suggested, the
modification.

Mayor Burt: Right. That's next. That's next. We just had 55 that didn't
have any support. Finally, the one on potential modifications to the urgency
ordinance prior to a permanent ordinance. All those who would like to see
that.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) just out of curiosity.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can I answer that?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that there are certain circumstances in the City
where it's simply unfair to the people, and it doesn't make any sense. Under
the ordinance, Staff would probably just deny it. I think Staff should bring
those to us. If Staff has some—let's, for instance, say if it wasn't even
zoned retail to start with, you might just want to put something that says if
it wasn't zoned retail originally, maybe you don't have to have retail.

Mayor Burt: I think without the Council giving some sort of guidance to
Staff, Staff is not going to feel comfortable with bringing forward
recommendations for exemptions, because the last thing they got was a
rigid moratorium; although, I thought at the time that we had discussions
we anticipated that it wasn't going to be a rigid moratorium for two years
solid. We voted. Unless anybody has a different vote. Are we still five?

Council Member Holman: Clarification. What we're saying was that it'll
come to the Council before the April 15, 2017, but does Staff really have
good guidance on what we want to come back?
                                                                        Page 89 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
