                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: I would say it slightly differently, which is that the options that
are before you today are all lawful.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to try to stick to questions. I only have
a few seconds left. The data collection process you guys mentioned in your
presentation during the year, is that a new thing? It seems onerous. Would
that be planned for every RPP that we roll out in the City?

Ms. Atkinson: Hi. Data collection is certainly something that has been
ongoing. We've done data collection throughout Phase One, both with the
data collection firm and with resident stakeholder assistance, volunteer
assistance. For any future RPP program, we would also be doing data
collection.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. It was the data collection for the
Downtown District. Throughout this year, you said you were going to go out
like every couple of months.

Ms. Atkinson: It's one day of collection once a month, I think about every
month. We had set five different times.

Council Member DuBois: I was asking is that unique for Downtown or if
we'd talk about other neighborhoods. Would we always have that data
collection?

Ms. Atkinson: The data collection schedule would be determined based on
program. For the RPP District, we've decided to do that amount of data
analysis so that we have a robust amount of data on which to make any
future recommendations when we come back.         For other future RPP
programs, we would do a similar data collection. The schedule would be
determined at the time of implementation.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Every Council at some point goes through their own
Gordian knot. I think that this is that Gordian knot problem. Cory, you've
referenced it very well. Everyone's mad at us. When everybody's mad at
you, probably somebody isn't. This one has been really perplexing. Just a
couple of things to walk through in my four minutes here. Many people have
reminded us that commercial shouldn't impede on a neighborhood. I have
looked at what I think is a neighborhood, and what I can find so far is
anything that's not in that yellow spot in the middle—this doesn't include
California Avenue. Anything that's not in that yellow zone, that cornflower
                                                                        Page 42 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
