                         TRANSCRIPT
bringing that to Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and then to
Council in the next couple of months. I do know that Staff has a lot on their
plate, so I appreciate the efforts to bring that forward with some level of
urgency. I definitely agree with what Council Member Holman said about
the importance of design. I know that Palo Alto Housing is very cognizant of
that as well. On the question on what kind of process we use, I just want to
make sure I heard you correctly. In neighboring cities when they approve
affordable housing, it's either with an overlay, which we've had some
discussion of on the Council, or through a specific plan or precise plan or
what we would in Palo Alto call a coordinated area plan. Is that correct?

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes, exactly.

Council Member Wolbach: Different from a PC. I just want to remind
everybody that that's another option that we've had some discussion about
trying to make a more regular part of our process as other cities do. It's a
regular thing; they know how to do it, but it's a much more community-
centered process than a PC, which is more developer-centered. I do have a
big question. We've had some important discussions in the Planning and
Transportation Commission, on the Finance Committee and in the
community about increasing our affordable housing impact fees quite
substantially. I actually voted in favor of this when it came to the Finance
Committee, substantially increasing our affordable housing impact fees,
thinking we want affordable housing in Palo Alto, let's make developers pay
for it. Make for-profit developers pay for affordable housing through higher
impact fees, but give them an exemption if they just provide the units on
site. It seemed like a very logical thing to do. Since it came to Finance
Committee, I've heard some concerns including from yourselves who would
be one of the main beneficiaries of higher affordable housing impact fees. I
was hoping you could shed some light on what your concerns were and
maybe what were some of the unintended consequences that we may have
missed when it came to the Finance Committee, that we weren't aware of
during that discussion.

Ms. Gonzalez:     We were concerned that the Ordinance was going to
eliminate the affordable housing fund altogether. We can't speak for a
market rate developer, but we were concerned that with higher fees plus the
more restrictive zoning, they would stop building here and stop contributing
to the affordable housing fund. We love the onsite units when they can
provide it, when it makes sense. It does address a different income level.
Again with the Below Market Rate (BMR) onsite units that are inclusive, they
tend to address 60-120 percent of the area median income. Sometimes
when they're only providing a handful of units, we would prefer to see the
fees. With those fees, we then could build a 100-percent affordable housing
                                                                      Page 17 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
