                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Got you. Cara, did you have any follow-up yet or did you ...

Ms. Silver: I think the language that you've proposed now is fine.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Two things. As I understood the amendment, it
was SOFA II RT-35 zone, not just SOFA.

Mayor Burt: I think that's better clarification.

Council Member Holman: SOFA II RT-35 zone. My original question was to
Staff. Is medical office an allowed use in RT-35? It is an allowed use?
That's helpful to understand. The other thing is—never mind. I'm done.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think we're definitely not doing our best work
after 11:00 P.M.. I just want to point out again daycare centers are already
allowed under our retail definitions. We don't need to worry about those.
We're tasking Staff to change an interim Ordinance. It's likely by the time
we have a second reading, it'll probably be in effect for 30 or 60 days. I'd
much rather have Staff working on the permanent Ordinance at this point.
We have two other properties requesting exemptions, so we're creating this
exemption for SOFA II. It just seems like a very uneven playing field. I'm
not going to be supporting this amendment.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Now we've gotten back to what I originally asked for.
We're just adding the medical office. We're only applying this to this
property. That's really where we end up on this.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) across the street.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The Anthropologie site, is that also RT-35? We're doing
the Anthropologie site and we're doing this. The Anthropologie site is bigger
than 4,000 square feet. How does that affect it if that suddenly becomes
medical office, which is a likely outcome if we pass this?

Ms. Silver: My understanding is that medical office could go up to 5,000
square feet in RT-35.   5,000 square feet of Anthropologie could take
advantage of this.




                                                                     Page 100 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
