                         TRANSCRIPT
cause commercial business to diminish on that street. The data so far
everywhere has shown that actually it increases because of the foot traffic.
The people driving through University Avenue actually don't necessarily
contribute to commerce. Proper work needs to be done really for our area
to get the right (inaudible) and see what the effects would be.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just very briefly. Thank you very much. I would
appreciate getting a copy of your slides, and maybe an email if we had some
follow-up questions. One broad philosophical question. You are making the
case that we're in a period of change where transit has to adapt, to move
from single occupancy vehicles to a more mass-based thing. It could be
argued, and it has been argued, I think, very effectively, that through the
19th and most of the 20th century, transit drove economic consolidation,
economies of scale. Workers became more dependent on big employers.
The revolution of Silicon Valley in essence was to give back to talented
workers mobility. That's why it took place not in big cities, but in smaller
cities. Your program raises the question of are you recreating some of that
dependency?

Mr. Heck: As you said, it's a very philosophical question. One I appreciate.
We're seeing a re-aggregation into many large tech companies in this space
as well. If you look at some of the new technologies like autonomous cars
or deep learning, the data assets, the computer assets are actually giving an
advantage to the big players. This isn't killing the many, many small
innovative startups that we have. I think the real question there is it's no
longer just transit, because there are many factors now. The fact that VMT
is going down because people are using online ways of communicating—I
actually have done this. I've used contractors in Chile and in Egypt to do
website design. I think that's an instance of what you're talking about. I
don't need to be in a big city, I don't need to be in the hub to really
participate in this economy. I do think we have that effect, and it's real. I
wouldn't argue just that the transit system needs to evolve. I think the
transportation system as a whole is evolving. The big changes I described of
100 years ago were really all forms of transportation, not just transit.
Bicycles were invented around that same time. Electric street cars and
automobiles came shortly thereafter. This is part of why I said we need to
plan on an integrated basis. The employer evolution—the tech companies
have a pretty good view of how much growth they'll have here versus in Asia
versus elsewhere—give people that option to be close. If you talk to most
employers and certainly Stanford makes this case, the residential experience

                                                                      Page 38 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/25/16
