                          TRANSCRIPT
it came up in a more general kind of way and we were attempting to capture
the Committee discussion there as well.

Mayor Burt: May I kind of frame this a little better? Phil, are those issues to
be studied in Group 3 because they may inform actual policies that we may
then enact that would be binding over ...

Mr. Keene: That's exactly right.

Mayor Burt: ... a totality or a whole? Whereas, this is looking for any
basement to have a site-specific analysis at this time.

Mr. Bobel: Yeah. We didn't want to sort of conclude that we had answered
all the Committee's concerns with that Recommendation Number 5. We
really haven't. We left these bullets, like Number 7, as part "3" indicating
that one could study this more thoroughly and come up with other
recommendations. However, the one very specific thing we've done in
Recommendation Number 5 is to require that the developer/owner
determine the reasonable likelihood that there would be offsite effects. We
are requiring that determination on the part of the owner/builder.

Council Member Holman: Why wouldn't an owner/builder just point to the
EIP report and say no impacts?

Mr. Bobel: They will point to a lot of different things. the EIP report is one
of many, many documents that they could point to. We'll see what they
come up with. Kirsten points out that it's not specific to their site. They're
going to have come up with something site specific. I think the biggest
criticism why you don't see us quoting the EIP report is that it's not site
specific.  It's not an analysis where one has determined the cone of
depression and they looked for the reasonable likelihood of effects.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, within the area where we have
basements permitted, we have significantly different depths of the
groundwater, for instance. That's the difference in site specific. You could
have one basement that came forward and said the groundwater is not until
30 feet below the surface, and another it said 10. That's the difference
between a site-specific action and determination versus a general rule.

Council Member Holman: I do certainly understand that. It's just a matter
of, I think, we're still going to have dueling experts and dueling opinions. I
just don't know how this advances our purpose as a collective policy that
we're going to use this as a basis to go forward. That's that. One other
point here—two other points, I apologize.

                                                                        Page 58 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
