                         TRANSCRIPT
of office space that we included in that scenario.   Did you have your light
on?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. Through the Chair, if I could suggest that we ask the
Clerk to pull up the Motion from August, when this discussion happened. I
think it would be helpful for the conversation. I would like an opportunity to
review with the Council the materials that were included in the written
response to Council Member Schmid's question.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think there is some interest in taking this up. I heard
that by three Council Members earlier. What I was thinking we should do is
why don't we do a round of our comments, then I'll come back to this. I'll
let you make the Motion, Council Member DuBois. Then, we can have a
discussion about it.     My understanding from that was the Staff's
recommendation was against that. I think it'll be a discussion, and we'll
have some talk about it.

Council Member DuBois: That sounds good. I just wanted to highlight that.

Ms. Gitelman: In the meantime, I'll see if the Clerk can help me pull up that
Motion. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: My second comment was really about coordinated
area plans. I think we got 1 1/2 plans done in the current Comp Plan. I
think we need to be realistic. I think Fry's is a good one, and I think we
need to finish the Cal. Ave. plan. I don't think we should dramatically
increase the number of plans. They're very time consuming. Essentially
they're kind of like PC zones over a larger area. I'm concerned about the
amount of work and whether it really makes sense. I think we already
heard a little bit of a discussion of would a coordinated area plan include
height limits or growth caps. I think we're going to get really bogged down
trying to work those out. I support the idea of the Fry's site and finishing
the Cal. Ave. plan. In particular, I know it was called out, but the South El
Camino plan that she actually showed a map in the Comp Plan draft. It just
seemed incorrect to me. There's senior housing there today. There's
medium-density housing. There's a school. There's restaurants. There's a
daycare center. Buena Vista is there. The drawing there suggests a lot of
office and mixed use. It just feels like we gentrify that space, and it's not
what we want there. I just don't understand the focus on that coordinated
area plan. There's a new childcare center there. We removed a lot of
language about maintaining the character of neighborhoods. I don't know if
it was a reaction to the word "preserving," but to me those are really about
character and what makes Palo Alto neighborhoods unique and not cookie
cutter. I'd like to see that language come back. I support what Mayor Burt

                                                                       Page 89 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
