                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: It's a delay.

Mr. Sartor: ... as high a priority as some of the other projects that we are
devoting our Staff resources too.

Council Member Kniss: When you're saying delays tonight, as we have on
several things, does a delay mean weeks or months or years?

Mr. Sartor: Weeks to months. It's still on our program.

Council Member Kniss: It's still on the list?

Mr. Sartor: Yes. It has not been dropped.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Number 63, dewatering, it's yellow and it has
impact on budget none. My understanding of that was there was some
dispute about the alluvial fan of studies done by the Santa Clara Valley
Water District and studies done under BAWSCA'S San Mateo plain, both
dealing with the San Francisquito Creek and having different perceptions of
the relationship between groundwater and the deep aquifer. I thought Staff
was studying looking at this, but it is not included. What you have here is
just what we have for next season. What has happened to this longer-term
issue?

Mr. Sartor: As you might recall, the dewatering issue was actually broken
into three pieces. The first piece was adding additional restrictions to
basement dewatering as a pilot for this current construction season. We are
now doing that. We're still evaluating how effective that work is. The
groundwater basin study will be part of the third group of activities that we'll
be looking at. We're currently working with the Santa Clara Valley Water
District on a project to actually do that study, and that's down the road.
You're correct we did not address that specific work item in this list of
priorities, but that is on our work list.

Council Member Schmid: Is that included as the yellow, that it is waiting
action rather than under ...

Mr. Sartor: I would say it's actually green, because it's still in our plan to
proceed. As you might recall, it was a later phase of the dewatering issue.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I would like to see that as a green. Does
it need to be in the parking lot?
                                                                         Page 56 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
