                            TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Thank you, Council Member. What we're looking for is the three
options, and there might be others. The three that we highlighted in the
Staff Report focused on a narrow applicability, where we just look at PF
zoned properties, and we make some changes to the Comp Plan or the
zoning to accommodate PF zoned lots. Another example was to borrow from
some existing provisions of the Code, where we have these combining
districts, so that an applicant could request a legislative change and apply
this micro housing combining district to their property. We'd have to set
some criteria for that, but that would have a broader applicability beyond the
PF zoning. A third option that we identified was to modify the existing
Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development (PTOD) zoning standard, which has
higher densities and development standards for parcels within, I think, a
quarter mile of a fixed rail station.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to be clear, those are in the Staff Report on
pages 6 and 7 of the Staff Report, Options 1 and 2 and then on Page 7
Option 3. Those are ordered from the most narrow application to the
broadest application. Just want to be very explicit and clear about that as
we continue our conversation tonight.

Mr. Lait: That's correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Again, just so I was really clear. I guess maybe
for you and also for the Mayor, what kinds of—you're just looking, I guess,
for how we feel about those at this point without it being official direction?

Mr. Lait: We've heard the Council in varying degrees talk about this type of
a housing project. Here's one that's being presented to the Council for
consideration. Should this application go forward, would the Council be
interested in drafting something narrowly toward this project and some
other properties or would you want us to cast a wider net to make more
properties eligible for this type of housing opportunity?

Council Member Wolbach: Got you.

Mr. Lait: Just a gauge of how far do you want us to go with this.

Council Member Wolbach: Are we looking for a pilot or are we looking for
changes to the whole area?

Mr. Lait: It could still be a pilot on all three. It's just how many properties
do we want to make available to take advantage of a micro housing unit
concept.

Council Member Wolbach: Got you.
                                                                        Page 21 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
