                          TRANSCRIPT
and 6, the 2.7 million square feet of new nonresidential square feet, that's
180,000 square feet a year on average over the next 15 years.

Ms. Gitelman:      Just a couple of things. On your earlier point about
controlling the rate of job growth in existing building space, if you look at
Table 3 on Packet Page 286, in the earlier scenarios we suggested using a
use permit for new office/R&D uses to regulate employment densities. We
got a lot of push-back on that during the comment period. What we're
suggesting for Scenarios 5 and 6 is some alternate mechanism for
moderating employment densities, either through regulation or through
revenue collection, as the Council's talked about some kind of head tax.
That's an idea we're proposing to test in these scenarios. That would be a
rationale or we think a basis for projecting the lower job growth than you
see in the ABAG scenarios. That's to answer your first question. Your
second question about the square footage numbers in Scenarios 5 and 6, the
2.7 million square feet, it's important to remember that there's 1.3 million
square feet already approved at the Medical Center. The amount that would
be spread over 15 years is 1.4 million, which is less than 100,000 a year. If
you figure we have a 50,000-square-foot cap, which only includes a portion
of the City, and the Stanford Research Park alone has enough zoned
capacity to do more than 50,000 a year, we thought it was a reasonable
projection. The Council concurred back in May when we talked about the
quantitative parameters. All of these, I guess they could be a little higher, a
little lower, but I thought we all agreed in May that these were good for
analytical purposes. They would provide the bookends that we need in the
EIR to make informed decisions.

Council Member Holman: You're right. When I did the division, I forgot
about the 1.3 for Stanford. I'd forgotten about that. I do have highlighted
the things that you just mentioned on Packet Page 286. I'm not overlooking
those. I think my other things are mostly comments.

Mayor Burt: It's just important for us to remember that tonight we're not
looking at which scenario we are electing. It's only what will be studied, the
range and, as Hillary stated, the bookends. We're trying to evaluate a broad
enough set of scenarios that we've done a proper environmental analysis of
anything we might subsequently choose to select. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Just a refresher for a minute on Stanford and their
proposal for new housing, which we obviously don't include in here. Are we
looking at units, beds? Remind me what the numbers were that we got.

Ms. Gitelman: We report on units when we're thinking about housing
growth. When we we're talking about jobs/housing balance, we're talking

                                                                         Page 27 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
