                          TRANSCRIPT
that's just on the parking side of the equation. In addition to eliminating the
demand for the parking, we'd be reducing the impact on neighborhoods and
all the trip generation, not to mention how this adds up in our whole
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan where we now see, because we're
carbon neutral electricity, 60 percent of our greenhouse gas emissions are
from transportation. None of that's before us. A year and a half it's been
percolating; it's been making some progress. The Council had set a goal of
this 30 percent reduction. Two years after we set that, we really don't have
anything that's yet moving forward. We're on the edge of a pilot. I think we
have wishes to see this become more successful, which is probably going to
take an entirely different approach to the funding. We can discuss that in
our Agenda Item Number 11. I do also want to acknowledge that the role of
the Residential Permit Parking Program is actually very empowering to
Transportation Demand Management and the objectives of the TMA. I think
we all want to recognize that without that we'd be in trouble. As long as
people can just park for free elsewhere, then we're going to have real
trouble getting them out of their cars. There was a lot of discussion about
transit passes that all seemed to center around Caltrain. You may have
heard earlier that the Research Park has engaged with the County on the Go
Passes. I had brought this up over 2 years ago and repeatedly brought up
the question of why can't we negotiate with VTA on getting the low rate, a
group rate, on Go Passes—excuse me, Eco Passes, and nothing had
happened. From discussions with the Stanford Research Park, they literally
accomplished this in a couple of hours. I still don't see it as part of our
Downtown TMA. I've been bringing it up to our Staff for several years. Yes?

Ms. Silvani: We will be offering the monthly VTA pass as part of the transit
subsidy program. It is one of ...

Mayor Burt: That's $18 a year versus $75 a month.

Ms. Silvani: No, no, no. It's $75 a month because we can't afford to buy a
bulk pass until we quantify how many we should buy.

Mayor Burt:     That's based upon your assumption of the scale of the
program. That's different from what I think is the Council's thinking on this.
We have what, about 10,000 employees Downtown? Is that the number?
When we look at the heat map that we got from the Research Park, the
hottest zones were from Palo Alto south to Sunnyvale along the El Camino
corridor, served every few minutes by VTA. That should be a much higher
priority in my mind than what we've had here. I found the survey very
valuable and with a number of flaws that we need to get corrected, but
that's okay. That happens in first surveys. I'll just cite a few things. One,
there's no mode for buses. We have trains, we have walking, we have

                                                                         Page 63 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
