                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: What's the difference between that and Bullet Number 4 of the
things that were jump balls? Sticking with our basketball metaphor.

Council Member Holman: It was just to get clarification about what the
$500,000 was to be used for.

Mayor Burt: My question, what's the difference between the $500,000 in
the budget and Bullet Number 4 of the items that the Committee was unable
to agree on a majority change?

Ms. Nose: The $500,000 was at the behest of the Finance Committee.
Ultimately, that was something that was an approved Motion by a majority
vote. What was up for debate was what the $500,000 would be used for.
That's the piece that we're listing in that Bullet 4. Is that the appropriate
level of funding? Is that the appropriate use of funding? Those were ...

Mayor Burt: The level of funding has been decided. It would be the use,
right? That's really what's ...

Ms. Nose: Correct.

Mr. Perez: I think it was open depending on what it was going to be for.

Council Member Holman: Can I clarify on this? We got the descriptions of
what the money was going to be used for at the very last meeting. We left
that open, because we didn't really take Motions there. The budget had
already been submitted to full Council. It was something that we didn't vote
on. We took input, but we didn't vote on it per se.

Mr. Keene:   We have included it in the proposed budget, just so we are
clear.

Mayor Burt: The uses, not just the amount?

Mr. Keene: The amount. If I might expand on the way we reported on
these. I think that the examples that the Staff provided were illustrative;
they're not entirely definitive. They could change. We make the point that
specific uses would require City Council approval, and recommended uses
would include but may not be limited to the following activities. For the
most part, if you recall even in this past year, we've had a series of
contracts that have come to the Council related to parking and other kinds of
items, that required the Council's approval. That has been funded out of a
similar $500,000 contingency level that we had. We spent all of it except
$70,000 that we're returning at the end of this year. My recollection was
there was this recognition that having some flexibility to respond in the

                                                                           Page 30 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
