                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman:      Yes, as a member of the ARB, do you feel that
that's clear?

Mayor Burt: No, does he feel he has.

Mr. Lew: I'm only speaking on ...

Mayor Burt: I don't want Mr. Lew to speak on behalf of his colleagues
without their authorization.

Council Member Holman: As an individual ARB member, then.

Mr. Lew: Yes, and I have recommended not approval on several projects in
the past because of that, because I felt like they couldn't meet some of the
compatibility findings. I would like to say, though, it's difficult to get a
majority to vote against a project solely based on the compatibility criteria.
I think whatever you guys decide tonight, trying to reinforce that all of the
criteria have to be met before a project is recommended for approval, I
think, is welcome.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. I struggled with language
because there are some projects that—a number of them that I see around
town that get built—it looks like the architecture is almost an afterthought.
It seems like a skin that's put on floor area ratio. I was trying to come up
with language that would sort of address the holistic aspect of a design.
There's some wording that's in a Motion that you haven't seen yet. This is
where it would be helpful if you could see the Motion. What I have here is
"the project has a unified and coherent design as an aesthetically holistic
design of massing and materials." I don't know if you have any comment on
that or if you have any—do you understand what I'm talking about? This
kind of applied—it's not facadism, because that implies something else. You
know what I’m saying.

Mr. Lew: I have looked at your Packet. Under I think it's Number 3 of the
revised findings that talks about materials, my recollection is the intent of
that, as we discussed it at the ARB meeting, was really more in quality and
character of buildings.     That wasn't addressed narrowly through, say,
setbacks or window patterns or whatever that are addressed in the first two
findings. I think that was our intent. As it's worded now, it's just materials.
If you wanted to make it broader, I think that—to my mind, that would meet
the intent of keeping that particular finding.

Council Member Holman: I guess from your personal experience, you said
that you as an ARB member do use the Context Based Design Criteria. Is

                                                                         Page 18 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
