                           TRANSCRIPT
as to what the lease      is bringing and some of the other terms that are
currently confidential.   If they think it should be lowered, they should have
some reason for that.     Otherwise, why not do $5,000? We don't know what
they're getting. That's   all I can say. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We'll now return to the Council. I realized I should have asked
a technical question earlier. How many square feet is the grocery store
space? Do we know.

Male: 20,000.

Female: 20,000 and Whole Foods is 13,000.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry, folks. We have to respect the order of the meeting,
so we don't shout out.

Ms. Gitelman: We'll look it up. We think it's 18,000 to 20,000.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I imagine you're looking for comments at this point
and not a Motion yet. I think it's really abundantly clear that when you
create a PC—as I said earlier, this group hasn't done a PC since Maybell. We
pretty much have put PCs on hold. In fact, I think we may not see PCs
again except in some very different type of form. To look at this from the
standpoint of how do we have the end product of what was a PC that was
done—could you remind me, Hillary, when the PC was actually done? Done
before at least three or four of us were involved.

Ms. Gitelman: There were actually two Ordinances. 5150 interestingly
enough was adopted in April of 2012. There was an Ordinance, 5224,
approved in November of 2013.

Council Member Kniss: Essentially this has been in place for four years.
Fresh Market did operate for some period of time. I've heard why they went
out of business, which apparently wasn't that they weren't successful there.
It had a great deal to do with what their operating style was. They primarily
operate in the Southeast. It wasn't a market I was familiar with at all. I
don't frankly see a way that we can have something happen without a
sufficient penalty. One of the ones that we've looked at before and I've
talked to Staff about is going to the $5,000 level. I want to check with our
City Attorney as to how we can get to that point tonight using what we have
in front of us, the Administrative Penalty Schedule and the Civil Penalty
Schedules. How can we go to that amount, which is not woven into the
Schedule?
                                                                         Page 26 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
