                          TRANSCRIPT
Boston, San Francisco, Seattle, Washington DC, Austin, Phoenix, Vancouver,
and three smaller cities were also invited, Boulder, Cambridge and Palo Alto.
They came to discuss ways to actually begin to implement strategies within
cities. Advance Codes was a big part of that, and Palo Alto is actually
embarking on an Advance Code, slightly better than Title 24 coming up.
This is incredibly important because California's going to need a number of
cities to lead the way as they start advancing the Codes towards Zero Net
Energy by 2020 for residential and ZNE by 2030 for commercial. Once that
Code is in place, then the next area that we'll need to work on is to improve
efficiency in existing buildings through incentives and critical intervention
points. I'm pleased to be here; it's really a pleasure to be here in front of a
City Council and a City that is taking a global leadership role and playing
that kind of role. A lot of people and a lot of cities around the world will be
looking to Palo Alto and these other leading cities for guidance on how to
move forward. Thank you for inviting me.

Mr. Pirnejad: Thanks, Ed. Just in terms of background, the California
Building Code cycles every three years. Before you tonight is essentially an
amendment to that normal cycle. This Building Code, if adopted tonight, will
take effect January 1st of 2017. Three years later, we'll have a new Code.
That Code will be a Zero Net Energy Code if the State actually follows
through with what they've promised, which is by 2020 to require all single
and multifamily homes to be Zero Net Energy. This is a step towards that.
New single-family. History of Palo Alto and Energy Ordinances. Since 2007,
we've been proposing to Council Reach Codes, Energy Codes, that exceed
the Title 24 minimum. This is staying lockstep with that. This particular
effort had a lot of public outreach, stakeholder engagement, cross-
departmental collaboration and buy-in. Utilities, Sustainability, ourselves
have been talking about this effort for some time. Back in August 2014 and
again in October 2015, we had a full-day retreat where we talked about all
aspects of green building, energy being one component of that. There was
overwhelming support that we wanted to exceed Title 24 energy and require
new buildings in particular to reach above and beyond the minimum base
Code. We've had six technical meetings since then. We invited members of
the Development Customer Advisory Group (DCAG_, members of the
architectural community, experts in energy, experts in green building to
collaborate with us to see what unintended consequences there might be if
we were to pursue this. We've dealt with all of those since we've had those
six technical meetings. Just for good measure, today, about two weeks ago,
we heard that Ed was available, and we invited him down to Palo Alto to
speak to us. We had six cities come to Palo Alto today on less than two
weeks' notice to come and listen to the work that we're doing, that's before
you tonight. They're all waiting with bated breath to see what you decide to
do tonight. It definitely is a leadership position; the City is in a great
                                                                        Page 86 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
