                          TRANSCRIPT
for families, makes it easy for people to get to Paly. People can choose to
use the bicycle lane if they want. I don't see an issue with that at all.
Whereas, I do see a huge issue with not making any traffic improvements in
this that are significant. Getting that fixed with Trader's Joe coming out and
having that right turn-lane will be a huge improvement for people, and
they'll really notice it. For once, they'll say the City actually did something
about it. If we don't do that, we're going to have the same traffic. After this
is all done, people are going to say, "You didn't fix it." We're going to hear
in the community, and people are going to be really angry about it and
unhappy. I really think that we should go with Option 2.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think one thing we didn't talk about tonight is
where's the demand coming from. Clearly we have a high volume of bikes
to Paly. Both alternatives do a good solution there. They focus on that. We
have fewer bikes going on to Stanford. Again, I echo what Council Member
Scharff just said. I've seen bikes back all the way up to Lewis in the
morning commute. That actually seems worse on the commute time than it
does at football events. Talking about a large number of drivers, 1,100 cars
an hour on Embarcadero, 1,100 an hour each way on El Camino. That's kind
of the silent majority. Those drivers didn't show up here tonight. As Council
Member Scharff said, I think the community's going to be quite angry if we
don't improve this intersection. I think we're clear that the plan is not to put
bikes on El Camino. Both the alternatives seem good, and they both seem
feasible. In Option 2, we still have the dedicated cycle track, but we also
increase the car flow with the two additional right turn-lanes, one into Town
and Country, one onto El Camino. We don't have any bikes turning right
onto El Camino and relatively few pedestrians. Compared to many other
places in town, this is actually a place where we can improve the flow for all
modes of transportation. It's really something I think we should take
advantage of. The other thing we should think about in terms of demand is
for those people biking into Stanford, we could talk about bike VMT. We
were talking about VMT earlier tonight. Stanford's providing increased
housing which should lower that commuting into Stanford itself. We may
have some commuters using the neighborhood park and bike plan, parking
in the neighborhood and then biking into Stanford. I don't think that's
something we necessarily want to encourage. Again, I think this is a great
opportunity just to improve all modes of transportation simultaneously. We
don't see this very often. I think we have an opportunity here to make a
really good traffic decision for everybody.

Mayor Burt: I'm going to jump in here and put forward a Substitute Motion
which is to adopt Alternative 1 with the exception that from Trader Joe's to
                                                                         Page 83 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
