                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: But Waverley ...

Mayor Burt: West of Bryant or whatever it is.

Mr. Mello: Yes, that's correct.

Mayor Burt:   Out of the blocks—only five blocks of eight were not in the
original.

Council Member Holman: Is that accurate? Is that so?

Mayor Burt: You see this map (inaudible). If you look at the lines drawn—
the shaded, the bluish hue is the annexed area. The solid line is the 8 zone.

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry if I'm overlooking some or (inaudible)
understanding this. If I look at 9 and 10, the shaded/not white streets are
being sold commercial permits. They're not white streets.

Mayor Burt: There's two shadings.

Council Member Holman: They're not white streets as Josh was referring to
them.

Mayor Burt: I'm not sure what you're referring to by shaded.            Are you
looking at this map?

Council Member Holman: Yes, I'm looking at that map.

Mayor Burt: I would call it a blue shade and a gray.

Council Member Holman:       Gray shade, yeah.      Josh was calling it white
streets.

Mayor Burt: There's two shades. There's a light gray.

Council Member Holman: Let's just say in 10, the only streets that are being
sold commercial permits are Hamilton, Seneca, Guinda and part of Forest.
Those are being sold commercial permits. As I look at 8, if I apply that
same principle, there's part of Kingsley and part of Waverley and it looks like
part of Lincoln that are being sold commercial permits. Correct? I guess my
question is why wouldn't we not sell any more commercial permits in 8.

Mr. Mello: I think we've made an effort to kind of distribute the employees
in a systematic fashion across the entire District in order to spread the
burden across the District and not impact one particular zone over another.
When we start to limit the zones to resident parking only, we're going to

                                                                      Page 109 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
