                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I wish it was sooner, but I understand the challenges there.
Let me wade into a few more specific comments on primarily programs with
policies and programs. This is on Page 418, Program T1.2.2, which is
Citywide TDM programs. We've talked about TMA and TDM. I do agree that
we need these programs to be Citywide. I'm anticipating that our TDM
programs for existing sources of trips will need to be through a TMA. We
have different approaches that we can take for new development. I think
we need to recognize those distinctions. One of the real problems with
moving forward and establishing community trust that TDM programs can
actually achieve what we hope and think they can is that historically we have
had too weak of reporting and monitoring and meaningful measurements
and enforcement with consequences that matter. I would like to see those
elements added to Program T1.2.2, which says how compliance will be
reported, monitored and then add keep measured and enforced with
impactful consequences, or some equivalent language. Basically, teeth.
That's one area. Over on the next Page, the bullet that Council Member
Holman had talked about and her concern with what I'll call a cap and trade
system on trips. That's what that bullet is describing. I think we should not
so readily object to that. In fact, if you're going to have no net new trips, if
you're talking about no net new trips even from a new project, how do you
have any project—that project onsite will have no net new trips. The only
way to really achieve this is to have that new project own trip reductions
elsewhere. I think this concept, however it is flushed out in detail, is
actually a really important one. It's innovative, and it ultimately gets to this
issue of how do we actually have new projects that won't have any impact.
It's not going to be internal to that project. We can have really great
programs that drastically reduce the trip impacts of a new project, but it
won't get all the way to none unless it can reduce trips external to that
development. There's also a lot of places where we have language that is
very qualified, support and review and all those things. I would like us to
reconsider across the board where we can have more concrete language on
what we will do. That goes back to this other issue that Council Member
Schmid spoke about. We really won't achieve most of this in the TDM
measures across the City through TMAs if there isn't funding for it. This was
one of the problems with our last Comp Plan. We put a lot of good
aspirational goals, and they're still there. I want to see goals that have
plans for achievement. We won't necessarily always be able to have
precision, for instance, a program description that says we'll have these
things and they must have ongoing funding sources to achieve them. It
doesn't say exactly what that funding source will be, but it does state a
critical reality. A bunch of whims and wishes without funding really don't get
us anywhere. We've got to have a way to implement this. There could be
funding or actual implementation measures, which go to places where we
talk about working with business to incentivize different things. We leave
                                                                        Page 114 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
