                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Outside of Palo Alto?

Ms. Gonzalez: Outside of Palo Alto.

Council Member Berman: For California Park Apartments—sorry, I was
looking at a lot of different slides during the presentation. You've got an "E"
in front of 45 affordable units. Is that existing 45?

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes.

Council Member Berman: If you could have your dream scenario, what do
you think could be responsibly developed at that site?

Ms. Gonzalez: Forty-five to 50 units.

Council Member Berman: Additional units?

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes. If we stick within the 50-foot height limit, yes.

Council Member Berman: You could add another 45 to 50 units at that site
of more one-bedroom units or is this also two and three-bedroom units?

Ms. Gonzalez: We're exploring that. The current site is a family project, so
there's ones, twos and threes. You have to stick to the family project when
you apply for tax credits, but they are saying there might be an exception
where we can just add studios and one-bedrooms. We're looking into that
now.

Council Member Berman: This year, I'm the liaison to Palo Alto Housing.
When I went to their annual meeting—I think it was five or six months ago—
I was kind of embarrassed to learn that Palo Alto Housing is developing
projects outside of Palo Alto and that there weren't any plans to develop
housing in Palo Alto at that time. The hesitation was palpable in terms of
the organization's concern about how new projects would be received at
Council. I thought it would be a really good idea to have this Study
Session—it sounds like I wasn't the only one—just to get feedback from
Council about what we'd be open to, so that you guys aren't flying blind
going into making proposals. We owe it to you guys as an organization, I
think, to give you feedback about what we're open to. I've heard from so
many people about the need for affordable housing in Palo Alto. I've heard
from a strong subset of people the need for affordable housing for the
developmentally disabled in our community. I think it's great that you guys
are looking at that as an option at the California Park Apartments. I was
also shocked to hear about the project in Mountain View. I didn't really
know a lot of details about the Redwood City project until tonight. I'd heard

                                                                         Page 6 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
