                          TRANSCRIPT
traffic slightly. I assume that movement of the Stanford grad students but
doesn't include the new residents in Palo Alto who will backfill the units that
they're moving out of. My guess is that if you included all of those people,
it's probably neutral. My guess is that the reduction is muted, let's put it
that way. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'd like to endorse this, and to be specific in the
language we use. I would request that we use the language in the Stanford
letter on packet Page 14, paragraph 3, where it says construction of higher-
density infill housing near jobs is precisely the type of project the Governor's
office has determined will reduce vehicle miles traveled.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You want to (inaudible) what?

Council Member Schmid: Fourteen, third full paragraph.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible).

Council Member Schmid: On one, yeah. Let's see. Just let me add a
comment on the RHNA. I think it's a good idea to get credit for RHNA in our
sphere of influence, but we should be careful. In the '99 to '06 period, Palo
Alto reached 120 percent of its RHNA allocation, and the RHNA allocation
doubled in the '07-'14 period. We should be careful.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff, are you accepting that amended language?

Vice Mayor Scharff: All you're asking is that we include this language
somewhere in the letter?

Council Member Schmid:       Yeah, that we're supporting Stanford by using
their language.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like us to say we support the project. I'm happy to
have a sentence that says construction of higher-density housing is precisely
the type of project. That's fine.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss, you also accept that?

Council Member Kniss: Yes. If the Vice Mayor accepts it, I will accept it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “incorporating the following
language, ‘construction of higher density infill housing near transit centers
and jobs is precisely the type of project the Governor’s Office has
                                                                         Page 45 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
