                         TRANSCRIPT
that. That's Peter Drekmeier taking a picture from the other direction. I
went back the next night and it was, in fact, collecting water like it was
supposed to be doing and infiltrating into the groundwater. The Committee
worked well together. I felt like it was a good team. We had two members
from the previous 2002 Committee and five members from the Storm Drain
Oversight Committee. We came up with a series of recommendations
beyond what you've already heard about from Joe. The timing we talked
about includes hopefully having the ballot measure in the mail in early 2017.
That gives us a little bit more time to do some education of the public about
why this money is needed. Also hopefully we'll have some rain, so that
storm water will be fresh in people's minds at the time.              Another
recommendation is that we change the fee from storm drainage to storm
water management.          That's really important, I think, because storm
drainage implies it's something we're trying to dispose of and get rid of;
whereas, storm management takes into consideration that this might be a
resource as well. It can be a resource both in the form of recharging
groundwater that you can then pump it back out of or storing it directly in
cisterns and rain barrels, that kind of thing. We also would love to see an
integrated water plan. There's a lot of water plans out there. This wouldn't
be anything that would reinvent the wheel, but it would incorporate all the
other plans and make sure that we recognize the interconnectedness of
them and that storm water can be a major piece of water supply. The major
focus on green water infrastructure. As somebody once said about gravity,
green infrastructure is not only a good idea, it's also the law at this point.
The State's municipal permit continues to have 15 requirements that have
been going on for a long time, but has a new requirement that a green
storm water infrastructure plan get developed. We have a few years to do
that, but that doesn't mean we can't take the initiative and get some of
these things going sooner. In fact, Acterra or soon Grassroots Ecology will
be working with the City. We have a grant from the Santa Clara Valley
Water District to do some of the more low tech green infrastructure projects
on some City property. I look forward to getting that going. There's a lot of
ways that green infrastructure can be incorporated. We're hoping that every
time the City does a capital improvement project of some sort, that they
look for opportunities to incorporate it, so that it's part of the thought
process with everything that we're doing wherever possible. Again, the
second to last bullet, forming a new storm water oversight committee,
there's the existing one, but we'll have a new set of fees. There will be a
new committee that we're recommending to make sure that hopefully the
representatives of the community feel that the money is being spent in
important ways. There's a possibility of adding some money to that pocket
by charging some fees for point sources to storm drains. For example,
groundwater pumping into the storm drains has not been charged in the
past. There's some ways that we can incorporate a fee that would hopefully
                                                                        Page 14 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
