                          TRANSCRIPT
partly developed around here, in Mountain View, which makes it possible to
throw solar over parking and streets without spending anywhere near as
much money as current construction methods would spend. We could then
have battery charging directly below those. We could have solar and the
batteries over the streets, particularly on the critical routes. We can also do
elevated bikeways on critical routes. That way you don't have to stop for
intersections, just shoot right on through and not risk getting hit by a car.
Racks under truck trailers holding enough batteries to power the trucks for
the number of hours the drivers are allowed to go between breaks. We
throw up a lot of solar racks over the truck stops. You're starting to see a
systems effect at that point. I guess that's where I have to stop.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Adina Levin, to be followed by
Jeb Eddy. Welcome.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Mayor, Council Members and Staff. Adina Levin
with Friends of Caltrain. I was one of the people who did serve on the
Advisory Committee on the S/CAP as these recommendations were worked
out. Here to support the aggressive goal of 80-percent carbon free without
offsets by 2030 and in particular supporting the transportation
recommendations in the plan including making it more convenient not to
drive by developing responsive multi-modal service-focused transportation,
shifting subsidies from free parking to support non-single-occupancy-vehicle
(SOV) travel, and supporting land use patterns that reduce congestion and
climate impacts. The Staff Report calls out advantages that the City has and
progress that has already been made, including commute mode shift
reduction from 75 percent to 62 percent in recent years, including a 55
percent mode share Downtown, dramatically reduced driving to City schools
with a great Safe Routes to School program, and our region is on the way to
get Caltrain electrified which will reduce the emissions and increase the
capacity of the system and another trend under way. Many of the younger
people who have come to participate, the number of people with driver's
licenses is really plummeting. There's a cultural change under way. One of
the questions that this plan grapples with, when you think about
transportation is isn't this a regional issue, what can we do at a local level.
In fact, Palo Alto is one of the leaders in a trend in our sub-region for cities
to take charge of traffic and parking issues with the Transportation
Management Association strategy. Another opportunity is to change what
we've been subsidizing. The way that parking policy has worked until now
has been a subsidy to driving. There's a possibility to shift the subsidy to
more sustainable modes that also generate less traffic. In terms of having
an integrated transportation system, Palo Alto and other cities can help
provide the glue to connect local services to regional services. As Stefan
Heck has been saying here, we have a great opportunity to reduce waste in
                                                                          Page 38 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
