                          TRANSCRIPT
supportive of each other. Just a few words on the contract amendment. If
you dug into that attachment, what we're proposing to fund as a part of this
amendment is a hypothetical analysis that will really serve as a baseline for
the other analysis. It's a hypothetical that says no one in Palo Alto has any
babies between now and 2030, no job growth occurs, no housing growth
occurs, what does the world look like if all we have to deal with is the
regional growth surrounding us. It's totally hypothetical, but it gives us
important information about what that baseline looks like. In addition to
analyzing that hypothetical scenario, we would analyze the fifth scenario that
you help us define this evening, consistent with the analysis we've done of
all the other scenarios. Then, we would analyze a mitigated scenario,
applying the performance-based zoning measures and other mitigation
measures that you indicate your support for. All of this would be combined
into a supplement to the Draft EIR; that's covered in the contract
amendment. The contract amendment also assumes that we'll do revisions
to the Fiscal Study to address the comments of the Finance Committee and
any comments we get on June 6th and to incorporate the fifth scenario into
that analysis as well. Just to review requested actions. We're looking for
your direction on the fifth scenario in these six categories if possible;
approval of the contract amendment and the related budget appropriation.
After tonight, we have the Draft EIR hearing on June 6th, the end of the
comment period on June 8th, and then we will continue meeting with the
CAC and be back to the Council with the CAC's work products as soon as we
can. Meanwhile, the Staff and consultants will get to work on the analysis of
the fifth scenario. Happy to answer your questions. I know I've gone on
long, but it's a little complicated as well as being totally interesting.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, could I just repeat and amplify two
things. Something that we talked about this morning is I was trying to
reconcile the potential for the fifth scenario and then the subsequent
schedules that would have to be met. Even as we sit here right now with
this plan schedule for the fifth scenario, I think the Staff Report anticipated
maybe getting something done by November, at the end of this year, on this
additional EIR piece, getting a draft of the Plan really out at the end of the
year to go through the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC),
ultimately the Council process. We're looking at a year from where we are
right now roughly, as I understood the schedule getting to a Comp Plan. I
would just repeat again, particularly for folks who may be not as familiar
with it. As Hillary was saying, the informing process that the EIR will
provide requires that you look at really the bookends of the low and the high
ends. I'm oversimplifying this. On the number of jobs, let's say the low end
of the number of jobs on the one hand, the high end of the number of
housing on the other end. Within that, the existing ranges in the scenarios
provide a lot of options for you to ultimately settle on something. Outside of
                                                                        Page 56 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
