                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: We don't need a sword here; we just need a shield.
That's really what it comes down to.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just wanted to add a note on the concern. On
Page 2 of the presentation, you mentioned that costs were for—operations
and maintenance costs are agreed upon. The last bullet says continued
salinity reduction efforts. We've been working on that for 10 years, and it's
not an easy problem. The possibility of the two partners moving in different
directions on that as an example of a costly thing. Where they say right now
only 16 percent of recycled water is reused, let's get that up to 50 or 100
percent, let's invest in what's needed to get there. Mountain View who's
building a major pipeline and a major development on the east side of
Mountain View, dependent upon flows of water, is going to say, "I'm going to
spend whatever it takes." What the accord says is that under those
conditions they have the right to do it, and someone else can take over Palo
Alto's agreed upon supply. I can see in the wording potential conflicts
between the partners that could be substantial. It would be nice to have
wording that could protect us in such cases.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board.

Council Member Kniss: Wait, wait. I'd like to explain my no.

Mayor Burt: You have a light.

Council Member Kniss: I did have a light, yet. It goes on and off. Yes, I
had a light. I'm going to vote against this. I certainly appreciate that my
Colleagues have delved into this extensively. Let me ask Phil. How long
have we had this arrangement with Mountain View?

Mr. Bobel: Jamie, when was the first recycled water agreement with them?

Mr. Allen: This agreement was 2005. We've been sending water to them
since, I believe, '93 or '91.

Council Member Kniss: I think it's a longstanding arrangement. I think we
probably could pick this apart tonight. I would have far rather that we had
asked Staff to come back with some corrections and gone ahead and
approved it tonight. Instead I think we're going to be back here another
night, having a long discussion about it yet again. I think we have to look at
how we are taking Staff Reports apart and reconstructing them in real time.
It has to be discouraging for Staff at the same time. I realize it's interesting
to do this, but it—this is an agreement we have with a neighbor just to the
                                                                         Page 80 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
