                          TRANSCRIPT
Utility Director. We just lost our Economic Development Manager. Planning
has a number of positions. A Transportation Official left; a Comp Plan
Planner left; a young assistant in our office left; OMB, Office of Management
and Budget, lost the OMB Director. It's lost the original Budget Manager.
It's losing two out of the four OMB Staff. May 6th, as we're going into the
budget discussions, we're going to have a couple of Staff people to work on
the budget. There's not one single factor that you can point to. There's a
combination and different ones for different people. I think we need to
realize this is a big budget with big demands. We're going to have holes
during the course of the year in our ability to respond to them. I proposed
the budget that is designed to be responsive to, as best as we can see, all of
the demands from the community and our highly responsive Council to that
community to do the very best that we can. This budget gives me no
pleasure in presenting to the Council. I'm concerned about what we're going
to have to do through this process or next year, in particular. This is in an
environment where we're saying revenues are growing. I just think about
what happens a few years from now. It's not satisfying to me professionally
to not be able to resolve and tie up in a nice package this budget. It's got a
lot of choices and some contradictions in it. For that I apologize, but I think
it's representative of where we are right now. I do want to thank our folks
here so much. Kiely, I have to say this here publicly, you have so risen to
the occasion. I can't tell you where we would be without you. When did you
come here?

Kiely Nose, Budget Manager: November.

Mr. Keene: November. Sort of feel like the military or something. Anyway,
you've done a tremendous job, and you cannot leave. Thank you.

Mr. Perez: I think a couple of quick reference points that we want to give
you. As Jim mentioned, the documents came in pretty late. Staff had been
working pretty long hours. There's six and a half people in OMB. From a
year ago, there's only one left of that group. Outside of Planning, it's
probably one of the most challenging areas in the organization to produce
the documents that we have. We'll apologize in advance if we have errors;
we will fix them. Hopefully there's nothing big. We tried to go over it as
best as we could. A couple of points of reference that, I think, are important
for our Council and our community to understand. As you know, I've been
here quite some time. I think we're doing progressively a lot of wonderful
things and a lot of new things from, let's say, 2003. In 2003, we had 1,122
employees Citywide to comparison now of 1,052. That's 70 positions less.
We're doing a lot more now than what we were doing then—I'm pretty sure
of that—in terms of a lot of the innovation and things. Because we have
more diversified revenues, we have opportunities to do more things,
                                                                         Page 39 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
