                            TRANSCRIPT
that have already been raised. I just wanted to kind of loop back and close
these up for our clarity and also for the community. I was also concerned. I
appreciate Council Member Schmid bringing this up. Just want to make sure
that in pursuing the environment side of sustainability, that we don't
negatively impact the equity or the economic sides of sustainability. Again,
what I understood from the report and from what you reiterated tonight was
that the costs to multifamily housing generation are very minimal and
designed to encourage efforts which would be cost recoverable.          The
lifecycle costs would be minimal to non-existent.       Was that a correct
interpretation?

Mr. Pirnejad: Absolutely.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I wanted to hear. That's been
considered, and I appreciate that. Just to again make sure we're all clear
and the community's clear, could you just explain the relationship of the
Energy Reach Code to the Green Building Ordinance or the 2016 Building
Standards Code Update? This is a component of that, distinct from that?
Just explain just again for clarity's sake how this relates to that.

Mr. Pirnejad: The Energy Reach Code is one chapter of Title 24 specific to
energy. Whereas, the Green Building Code gets into other aspects. Along
with the Green Building Code, you have your plumbing, mechanical,
electrical, etc.  We're reviewing all of those other Codes through the
leadership of our Assistant Chief Building Official. The lead time on updating
those Codes is much shorter than the Energy Reach Code because the
California Energy Commission isn't involved. We need to bake in enough
time to send this over to them. Make sure they had a 60-day review
process, send it back to us with any potential changes, bring it back to you if
we need to. That's why we're bringing this before today. We propose
somewhere around June, July to bring all the other Codes including the
Green Building Code to you in that timeframe.

Council Member Wolbach: Tying this into the concerns that were raised by
Council Member Holman earlier, which I appreciate, really looking at the
offsite—in other words, the lifecycle costs of building construction. That will
be explored deeper in our full Green Building Ordinance but isn't related to
this particular chapter, but we will be getting deeper into that.

Mr. Pirnejad: That's right.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I wanted to hear. Thank you.

Mr. Pirnejad: Thank you.

                                                                       Page 100 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
