                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Passmore: it's not scalable, because we held constant a number of unit
cost items that are more expensive in the pricing schedule. This is a total
unit cost with the exception of a little bit of hourly work. The unit cost for
items like demand pruning or removals are substantially higher than the
routine pruning, which is the variable that dictates the cycle length. As you
hold constant those items and only change the lowest cost item, it's not
proportional.

Council Member Holman: Were there answers to others? My position would
still be to go to a 7-year cycle. Are there answers to other questions, like
HSRAP? Thank you, Walter.

Ms. Nose: Sure. Let me make sure I caught everything, and catch me if I
didn't. The first question was about HSRAP. I think what the funding would
be either if it was a Consumer Price Index (CPI) increase or if we had done a
CPI increase annually since the 2002 level ...

Council Member Holman: At 2 1/2 percent per annum.

Ms. Nose: Right. If you just did 2 1/2 percent from your Fiscal Year '17
budget, it's only about an $11,000 increase. That's just from your '17
proposed level, adding on that 2 1/2 percent CPI. If we went all the way
back to 2002 and did that compounding CPI increase, you'll actually see
that's under one of the referral items in you guys' packet today. It says the
potential increase is about $667,000. That's, again, if we went all the way
back to 2002 and did compounding interest based on Council Member
Holman's request and discussion as part of the Finance Committee. That's
the second bullet under the referral items for full Council at the request of
the Finance Committee.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. That number sounds more familiar.

Ns. Nose: The other one was Art in Public Places and where that calculation
came from. It's in the at-places memo that was provided for the May 17th
Finance Committee hearing. Subsequent to the production of the proposed
'17 budget, we found a calculation error in this. This is just fixing that Staff
error.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much. I'm still supportive of the
7-year cycle and supportive of recommending—either supporting as direction
or referring to Policy and Services the $667,000 for the 28 budget for HSRAP
funding that is just a 2 1/2 percent per annum increase from the 2002 level,
which is what we were on par with in 2016. The other clarification is I have
a different recollection. I don't mean to be picking a battle with anyone. I
have a different recollection than Sustainability Director. I thought when
                                                                             Page 33 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
