                         TRANSCRIPT
resolution directing Staff to ensure that these items are included in the
presentations when the TMA comes forward to Council.

Mayor Burt: Sounds good and something that would be in future reporting
of an expanded TMA.

Council Member DuBois: They're supposed to come twice a year with
reports. I'm saying in those reports ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think this is premature frankly. I think with seed
funding, as Mayor Burt said, it's $100,000. If we give them a million bucks,
then I think you'll start to see that.

Council Member DuBois: If they come back a year from now and they just
say things are going great, but there's no data, I'm going to be very
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: They're not going to go great off $100,000, Tom. They aren't
claiming they're going to great off that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They said three percent.

Council Member DuBois: They have a plan. They're going to come back
with a Strategic Plan. They're going to come back with reports.

Mayor Burt: A Strategic Plan is not the same thing as results.

Council Member DuBois: No, but the Business Plan in here has a forecast of
how they're going to get that reduction.

Mayor Burt: Yeah. $100,000 is not going to get diddly.

Council Member DuBois: It's the budget for Year 1.

Mayor Burt: The reporting needs to track the dollars.

Council Member Schmid: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to add to the Motion, “add to Agreement Item Number 6,
‘including mode percent change in Single Occupancy Vehicle (SOV) use’ after
‘quantitative measures.’”

Council Member DuBois:       I'll change the wording, Josh, to how you
suggested it. Could you say that again at the beginning?


                                                                           Page 87 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
