                          TRANSCRIPT
come up here and present this to the Mayor, the Bicycle Friendly Community
Gold Medal.

Mayor Burt: This is a recognition to the community and to our Staff and all
of the volunteers in the community who actually make this happen. That's a
great recognition of all their work.

Mr. Keene: If I could just add that the Chief Transportation Official, Josh
Mello, and the team that Hillary Gitelman, Planning Director, is now
assembling. I can tell you from working with them regularly they're fully
committed to taking us to the platinum level and beyond. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Just as a follow-up to the City Manager Comments, I want to
share with the Council and the community that we'll be sending out an
announcement this week. I want to let the Council know and the public
know that our City Manager, Jim Keene, has been selected as the recipient
of the International City/County Management Association, the ICMA, as this
year's winner of the Award of Career Excellence. That's in recognition of his
35-year leadership in city and local government. ICMA is the premier
international organization of professional and local government leaders
establish this award in memory of Mark E. Keane, no relation and different
spelling. It recognizes an outstanding chief local administrator who has
fostered representative democracy by enhancing the effectiveness of local
elected officials and by consistently initiating creative and successful
programs.      The ICMA highlighted Jim's lifelong commitment to public
service, his passion for sustainability, community building, civic engagement
and innovation to transform local government.           Jim will be officially
recognized and honored in conjunction with the ICMA's annual conference
this fall. Let's all congratulate a really outstanding achievement. This is a
big award.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, since you surprised me with that, but to inject a little
bit of humor. Afterwards, when I saw the comments from peers, I think the
one I enjoyed the most was from Chris McKenzie, the Executive Director of
the League of California Cities. He said, "The best way I could look at it is if
I had to be stranded on a desert island with a peer, I couldn't think of
anyone I'd rather hang out with than Jim." I thought that was a nice way to
describe our relationship. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: What would you build on the desert island?



                                                                          Page 4 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
