                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Shikada: I think the concept there was to develop the network, let's
say, within each parking structure, and to tie those then together. Again,
with the design of that yet to be determined.

Council Member DuBois: If we did the LEDs in the garages, would those be
visible, say, on the upper floors, outside the garage? The location LEDs, if
there's a row of those lit up at night ...

Ms. Sullivan: They shouldn't be, but we can certainly look at light pollution
standards and make sure that they're meeting them.

Council Member DuBois: A comment I made—I don't know if you were here
for the earlier session. I saw this went to the ARB, but I didn't really see
any of their discussion or comments. Again, I think that's useful from our
Boards, to kind of know what they have talked about. Those are my
questions. I'll go through some comments real quick. I'd like to know that
we're really doing some value engineering and trying to save some money.
I support the reasons for the project. I think we need the project. I'd love
to see it sooner rather than later. Karen mentioned and I am starting to
hear complaints about the sign blight. I'm glad to hear that you guys are
sensitive to that. We've got a pretty wide range of options here, $331,000
up to $2 million in today's dollars. It seems like we could likely build the
cheaper end sooner. I expect the higher end to be more expensive by the
time we get around to building it. We got a list of benefits, kind of pros and
cons, but they weren't really quantified. It makes it very hard to tell if
saving $1.7 million is worth it. Things like manually updating the count, is
that something an enforcement person can do when they're going through
the garage anyways? Greenhouse gas, how much? How much do the
different floor sensors save? We use a magnetic or in-ground...

Ms. Sullivan: The number we have for the single space counts is that they
can save during peak hours up to 25-40 percent on carbon emissions for
circling. It's less in the non-peak hour because you're just going to drive
and find a spot easier then.

Council Member DuBois: It depends on how full the garage is. I was having
trouble with that, because it's quite a big difference in price. Our garages
aren't that massive, so for me the facility count made sense. If I know
there's ten spots and it's a three-story garage, it's not that hard to find the
spots. If we save that money, we could use it to buy the Post Office or do
lots of other things. My preference is definitely kind of at the lower end. I'd
rather get it done sooner. I think we could find $300,000 and start. I'd
really like to see us move to the revenue controls. Being able to see that
there's ten spots, buy the permit at the garage and not have to go to City

                                                                         Page 64 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
