                         TRANSCRIPT
either from you guys or from Mountain View Council Members about how
you came to them, and they said no, build more. You came to them with
parking, and they said no, put in less. I think their staff actually had to
finally say, "That's low enough. We actually need some parking for this
project." That was just kind of a striking attitude that they had towards
affordable housing on El Camino near mass transit, just like the
opportunities that exist in Palo Alto. I am glad that we're having this
conversation. I would encourage my colleagues and the community to really
approach different proposals with a really open mind. You guys have
shown—tonight you told us about projects that have 0.5 parking spots per
unit where it's over-parked. I can't imagine that's in a—I think it was
downtown. We're talking about a possible proposal that's practically on top
of the Cal. Ave. Caltrain station and another one that's right on El Camino.
These seem like real opportunities for our community to add affordable
housing. I remember three years ago sitting with you guys and going
through the process of applying for affordable housing tax credits from the
State and (a) how complicated that is and (b) how such a big factor is that
price per unit. If you don't meet that price per unit, you're not going to get
the tax credits, you're not going to be able to develop the affordable
housing.    We as Council and hopefully the community need to really
understand that critical component of getting the funding for these projects
and take that into account when we're trying to figure out how many units to
allow. If we go too low, it's just not going to be feasible. I imagine you
guys could just sell the sites that you have and go build them in other
communities. That would be a huge loss for Palo Alto. I know this is all just
kind of vague comments because that's kind of the conversation we're
having. I would love to see you guys be able to come to us with proposals
both for the expansion of the California Park Apartments and for something
on that 0.45 acres or 0.47 acres that you have on El Camino Real, where
we've identified that as a key corridor for additional housing for our
community. This would be a pretty obvious opportunity to add critically
needed affordable housing. I think I'll stick with that for now. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I wouldn't disagree with you at all, Marc, about the
desirability. Let me ask a couple of things. I can see where this is located.
I can see it's located near Evergreen Park. Over the last four years, we have
developed a very robust Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Program in
the Downtown. The last vote on that was actually taken with Eric as the fifth
member. I know that we now have applications from other neighborhoods
including Evergreen Park. Because that's something we wanted to move
forward on, we talked about this in the spring. Where are we with that now,

                                                                        Page 7 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
