                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I don't think we were intending for this to be the wording. I
think we were actually having the amendments trying to capture the intent
as opposed to wording.

Ms. Gitelman: Additional issues, okay.

Mayor Burt: There are various issues.

Council Member Holman: I would agree with that, and this is kind of a
broad brush statement that I would hope would help.

Mayor Burt: My proposed amendment is—this is not artful at this hour. In
the vein of capturing the intent, "new development would provide a
preference for displaced residents from the former development."

Vice Mayor Scharff: As long as you add "if any."

Mayor Burt: If any.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It could be vacant land; it could be an office building.

Mayor Burt: That's fine. That would be "D."

Council Member DuBois: That's acceptable.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “new development would
provide preference for residents, if any, displaced from the former
development.” (new Part D)

Council Member Holman:        No other amendments on my part.             Just
comments that I hope persons, Council Members and members of the public
both notice that on Page 3 of one of the attachments of our Staff Report
talks about the Governor's proposal allows for the following types of land use
decisions to occur without any public review. General plan amendment,
zoning changes. I'll stop there. There are other things too, but those are
significant changes. While saying this is supposed to be consistent with our
general plan ...

Mayor Burt: We can gripe, but if we actually want to have something
concrete, that would be more useful. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Again, we're not trying to wordsmith here. I do
think that we should throw things out there. Just to make sure it's clear, I
would suggest a friendly Amendment E, "to include language addressing not
exacerbating the jobs/housing imbalance."
                                                                           Page 49 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
