                         TRANSCRIPT
mitigation or performance measures so that those impacts could be avoided.
That was our understanding as part of the objectives for both Scenarios 5
and 6. We also understood the Council's desire to test this sort of evolving
concept of performance-based zoning, whatever that might mean in our
context. We've been exploring that. The CAC has been exploring that, and
it's still a little bit of a moving target.

Mayor Burt: Are you saying that you're using performance-based measures
and mitigations synonymously?

Ms. Gitelman: I guess I'm saying we've used the terms rather loosely, but
they are different things. Mitigation measures are what address significant
impacts under CEQA. Sustainability measures are measures that come from
the S/CAP and the exploration of sustainability issues.       Performance
measures are concepts that are put in place to avoid the impacts of new
development of the community so you don't need to apply mitigation
measures.

Council Member DuBois: My recollection was there were a lot of things we
liked in Scenario 4 that—not to speak out of turn or anything. I think most
of the Council agrees with a lot of the S/CAP sustainability measures. I
thought we had originally said let's look at a scenario that is a little bit
slower growth but also includes sustainability features. Somehow that
evolved over time. When we get back to motions, I have a very simple
Motion of just adding and removing policies on the table for the scenario.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. A couple of things. When we look at the
infrastructure improvements, we have the grade separation of Caltrain and a
trench below Charleston at Meadow, and other improvements along the
corridor. The question is if we did grade separations that weren't in a
trench, would that be different, would that have a different impact, should
we be looking at that as one of the EIR alternatives? Are we going to grade
separate the rest of the grade crossings? I think we should look at what
happens if we close Churchill instead of grade separating it and have a bike
path underneath it. I think it's not as simple as grade separate with a
trench. I just want to make sure that we're looking at the range of
opportunities when we do this EIR and that we're not stuck. What we do
with Churchill is a significant issue given the amount of taking that would
require to do a grade separation there and how that works. That's one
concern I have. I wanted a reaction to that. Do I need to change that in
the Motion or what are we doing on that?


                                                                      Page 43 of 92
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/29/16
