                          TRANSCRIPT
point of something like this. Is the point to help Palo Alto be more
affordable? I would say that should be the goal. Having a high percentage
of below market rate housing imposes a burden. It may be worth it; it may
not be worth it. You have to say it does impose a burden. It makes it on
the margin less likely more things will be built based upon this requirement.
However, it does not make it more affordable to build. It does not lower the
cost of land. I think it's important to say it has—we're talking about impact
rates on building new things. That's something that's going to make it more
expensive to build things. There is nothing ever being discussed about
impact fees on holding things. We heard Vice Mayor Scharff talk about a
vacant house next to him for 10 years. That's a much bigger problem than
the fact that people maybe aren't building as much or the right kind of
things they should. I think the problem is we're not building enough and
people are just leaving land be inefficient. There is an impact on this. When
you don't use land efficiently, there's less land to go around, and that drives
the cost of land up, and you have a vicious cycle in which land gets more
and more unaffordable, and then no one can afford housing anywhere,
except people who are already locked in. Looking at an impact fee on
holding would be a very elegant solution to all this. Over in Vancouver,
they're doing things such as targeting vacant housing and just taxing it
much higher. This would be a good start. Does this really matter very
much? I'd say it matters a little, a very little. It will change the way
something in Palo Alto—what it will consist of. It will lower the rate of
housing, but you're not building anything anyway. I don't think it really
matters in that sense, because nothing's happening right now. As far as big
picture changes, you need to look on the fact, as Council Member Filseth
was saying, that the economics just make it—it doesn't make sense to be
building housing. This is a very big thing around the entire picture of
housing. It has to do with land misuse. I would say that when land is being
misused, when people are holding onto land and not paying for it through
holding fees, you have to look at some of the fundamental reasons. Prop 13
is at the top of the list. As far as making more housing, I think it might be
better to look at a target for housing. Say this many below market rate
housing units are our goal to build this year. How can you make this
happen? I would say look at community land trusts as being a good
solution. If you zone land to be used and to be held for people under a
certain income level per se, but they give up the property rights of profiting
off the land, they could actually create more housing. Thank you for your
time.

Mayor Burt: Our final speaker is Winter Dellenbach. Welcome.

Winter Dellenbach: The chart that was up comparing all of the cities to each
other—I read the papers. One of the things that I see are these recurring
                                                                         Page 58 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
