                          TRANSCRIPT
Research Park and less stations in the middle of the neighborhoods. If there
was a way that those racks in the middle of residential neighborhoods could
only be used by residents, I think that would be an interesting use of
technology. I would worry about stations in the middle of Old Palo Alto, and
you just park there and then ride the bike into Downtown. That's it.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Council Member DuBois brings up an interesting
issue that kind of—before I get to that, has anybody—forgive me if this was
in here and I missed it—done an analysis of—what is the benefit to the
community if we somehow achieve 112,000 annual bike share trips in a
year? Has anybody quantified what that means either in terms of fewer
parking spaces or reduced congestion or reduced greenhouse gas emissions
or anything like that? Is there a way to even do that, to quantify it?

Mr. Mello: Yes. The City of Austin did a survey on its bike share users.
They have a pretty popular system. They found that 41 percent of the bike
share trips were displacing a single occupant vehicle trip. That's really the
only number that I've been able to find as far as trip displacement.

Council Member Berman: The question that I had that I thought I'd
answered, but then Council Member DuBois' suggestion might blow a
doughnut hole in it, was is there that much demand just from commuting
employees or to reach that goal of 112,000, do you need to get significant
numbers of inner-city trips from residents taking it to go to the grocery store
or go Downtown for dinner or that kind of thing as opposed to just people
coming in for work. I don't know how this 112,388 was derived. Can you
achieve that high usage just with employees or do you need the benefit of
residents using it for trips across town?

Mr. Mello: That number was extrapolated from all of the peer cities that the
consultant looked at, which were mostly suburban in nature with a similar
land use pattern as Palo Alto. The assumption was that you would have the
coverage of the entire service area...

Council Member Berman: For both options essentially.

Mr. Mello: ...to generate that 112,000. If we were to just locate them in a
doughnut fashion at employment centers in Downtown, the numbers may
look different. We would have to re-model that to see how that would
perform.


                                                                         Page 14 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
