                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Sure.

Ms. Halpern:   We have local artist Joe Zirker here who wanted to make a
comment.

Joe Zirker: Paula was a major force through her love of the print and paper
for elevating paper art and monotype to their now level of prominence.
More importantly, she helped to raise a community consciousness of the
importance of the arts in their lives, not only in terms of supporting artists
and art institutions but in the way art and culture become an all important
force for human development and growth. With her passing, we have lost
an irreplaceable friend and colleague. Paula Kirkeby was a true exemplar of
what it is to be a human being. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Thank you all for coming for this part.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: At this time we will move on to City Manager Comments. First,
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We have none.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Might I begin, Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Please.

Mr. Keene: I thought I would share first of all that Friday at the Art Center,
we'll be taking places Friday, June 17th, from 7:00 P.M. to 10:00 P.M. The
Council and the community will have an opportunity to see beautiful public
art at Rinconada at the kickoff of the 45th Anniversary celebration of the
Palo Alto Art Center. The evening features the opening celebration for Fired
Up: Monumental Clay, starting with free dance lessons from Wednesday
Night Hop instructors and then swing to the Don Neeley Jazztet from 7:30
P.M. to 9:30 P.M. play giant checkers, giant Jenga, giant Connect 4 and
other neat games. Make a monumental accessory and experience glazing
and firing of a raku vessel this Friday. Secondly, I just wanted to share that
this is the recent Library Design spring journal, a supplement to the Library
Journal. If you can see this, you will notice on the very front page under the
title, "The Art of the Matter," public art in libraries can start a conversation,
create civic pride and build a unique sense of place. Of course, the cover
photo here is of the Rinconada Library that says, "Outside the plaza of the
Main Library in Palo Alto, California, six sculptures made from crowd-
sourced, community texts change color in response to patrons touch." It
goes on to talk about it. Just another example of the renaissance in the arts
                                                                               Page 3 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
