                          TRANSCRIPT
that's kind of the next step. I'd love to see us push forward with smart grid
with fiber to the home. I think the other thing to think about is when it
comes to the next phase after this pilot is over, we're going to be
economically challenged in that the rooftop rent costs are going to be higher
than the cost of the solar technology. We really need property owners to
understand that and not expect that kind of premium or that's going to kill
the program going forward.          The rent costs are going to outweigh
everything. Just something to think about.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me associate my comments with those who have
spoken so far. Listening to you talk, Pat, I realize how long you've been
involved in this. It's probably been 20 years. I think you've all come
tonight, and you've all said it very well. You've said this is a small but really
important program. It respects cultural values of our community. Our
community is, without doubt, green in many aspects.                It's a green
community and has proven it through the years starting in the '70s. It's not
new to be green. It's great to continue being green. That's really what
we're talking about tonight. This is a good, solid program. It's still in pilot
form, but certainly headed for the termination of that as we move forward.
As I said, Marc and I are new to this. It's a little over three years. The rest
of the group has been going at this for a long time, and you've persisted in
it. Sven, I have heard you talk about this since I got on the Council, usually
with great enthusiasm and vigor, which you did again tonight. It's a
pleasure to support this kind of program. Thanks to all of you who came out
tonight. Isn't it nice that it's not midnight and it's just 9:45 p.m.? It helps.
Anyhow, we really appreciate your being here.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I was on the Finance Committee and went through
the discussion. The quote that caught my attention tonight was someone
said this is the most cost-effective option. At the Finance Committee
meeting, we were confronted with two votes that night. The first one was
whether to accept a 20-year deal of energy at 3.7 cents per kilowatt hour,
and we did enthusiastically with whatever qualifications came with that. The
second vote then, the next item on the Agenda, was let's continue a subsidy
of 16.5 cents for commercial enterprises in Palo Alto. That raised the
question what is the most effective use of our money, of our thinking where
are we going. That 3.2 cents seemed to open up options, the options we've
been looking for. A breakthrough on solar energy, dramatically lower prices
coming in for long-term supplies. It seems to me to be the start of a
discussion. How can we best use our subsidies? If you look at our history

                                                                          Page 69 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
