                          TRANSCRIPT
more efficiently, making more use out of them. Think of this as the Airbnb
equivalent except for commercial real estate as well and offices. Of course,
energy conservation, and really important the solid waste from buildings. As
many of you know, the largest fraction of solid waste is construction and
demolition debris. How do we make buildings more reusable, make them
last longer, make them reusable in their materials? I want to show you one
example in this area of something that I think we haven't pushed as a City
that's now possible, that really should be right up our alley because it's
enabled by computer-aided design which several companies here in the
Valley invented 25 years ago. The example here is a company that's based
in Calgary but now operating nationwide called Doing It Right This Time
(DIRTT). I'm sorry you can't read the beginning of the letters here, D-I-R-T-
T. What they pioneered is using a CAD (Computer Aided Design) system
you can specify an office environment or a home environment, and instead
of being modular at the entire building level, which we've all seen modular
housing that's not too attractive and modular offices; they do it at the
component level. If you look at that hospital room or that living room, it
looks pretty nice. They do high-end, custom wood paneling for professional
offices. Everything is made to measure in the factory. You literally design it
on the computer, press print and two weeks later all this stuff shows up. It's
all snapped together. What they really did was reinvent the screw, and the
screw turned into that extruded piece of aluminum that's snapped together.
You can snap it together. When you need to move or change locations or
reconfigure, your kids have grown up—they have actually done this in an
operating hospital while there are patients in the hospital. There's no
hammering, no sawing, no noise. You can reconfigure. That's something for
us to think about in the built environment. We could do most of our offices
this way. Some tech companies are already doing this, particularly the ones
that move a lot, because 85 percent of all your interior outfitting, you can
actually reuse when you move from one building to another. That's the way
you ultimately really avoid a lot construction and demolition debris. I want
to highlight why I think buildings and then in particular transportation are
really key to focus on. This is a chart that Lawrence Livermore Labs has
been putting together since the '70s, so they've been at this for 40 years.
It's a flow diagram of energy throughout the U.S. economy. There's two
shocking things about this chart. The first is if you look closely, we actually
use 42 percent of the energy and we waste more than half still. Since the
energy crisis, we've gotten better in California, but we're still not good.
Even more interesting is that the ratio of wasted to useful energy is very
different depending on the sector. If you look at our industrial sector, which
is the middle path here, about 80 percent of the energy goes to productive
use, most of it. That's because companies have a natural incentive to be
efficient, to reduce costs. Energy is a big cost for many industries, so
they've gotten better. If you look at the generation sector, it's still relatively
                                                                          Page 17 of 113
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/25/16
