                          TRANSCRIPT
6.    Approval of a Contract With Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board in
      the Amount of $76,380 for 2017 Caltrain Go Pass Program.

7.    Approval of a Contract With TetraTech in an Amount Not-to-Exceed
      $170,000 for a Period of Five Years for Emergency Operations Planning
      Support.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's vote on the board. That passes unanimously
on an 8-0 vote.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0

Action Items

8.    Resolution 9649 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving a Carbon Neutral Natural Gas Plan to Achieve a Carbon
      Neutral Gas Portfolio by Fiscal Year 2018 With no Greater Than
      10¢/Therm Rate Impact and Terminating the Palo Alto Green Gas
      Program;” and Provide Direction to Staff Concerning Aspects of Plan
      Implementation.

Mayor Burt: We now move onto our first Action Item, which is a Finance
Committee recommendation that the Council adopt a Resolution approving a
Carbon Neutral Natural Gas Plan to achieve a carbon-neutral gas portfolio by
Fiscal Year 2018 with no greater than 10 cents per therm rate impact and
terminating the PaloAltoGreen Gas Program and, two, provide direction to
Staff concerning aspects of the plan implementation. Mr. Shikada, you're
taking over?

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager/Utilities General Manager: Yes, very
good. Thank you, Mayor and members of the Council. Actually Karla Dailey,
Senior Resource Planner, will report out for Staff.

Karla Dailey, Senior Resource Planner: Good evening, Council Members.
I'm Karla Dailey. I have a short presentation for you this evening. The
Agenda just quickly in front of you. Just to give a little bit of background on
how we got to where we are tonight. The Council-approved gas utility long-
term plan has a number of strategies and objectives. Strategy Number 4
says reduce the carbon intensity of the gas portfolio in accordance with the
Climate Protect Plan by designing a voluntary program using reasonably
priced, non-fossil fuel gas resources and by purchasing non-fossil fuel gas
for the portfolio as long as it can be done with no rate impact. Staff did
design and Council did approve a PaloAltoGreen Gas program. It was
modeled very closely after the PaloAltoGreen program as a voluntary opt-in.
The current participation in that program is about 4 percent of residents,
                                                                         Page 15 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
