                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Dari Escovedo.

Darcy Escovedo: It's Darcy Escovedo.

Mayor Burt: Darcy, yes, I see. Thank you.

Ms. Escovedo: Hi. My name's Darcy Escovedo, and I live at 3478 Kenneth
Drive since 1988. I'm a supporter of the SSO. I would like to provide some
clarification to the information that the Say No to SSO effort is including in
their communications to the neighbors on their website. They continue to
insist that we did not have the signatures for approval. We needed 70
percent to submit an application for the SSO, not for approval. We had the
70 percent as confirmed by Amy French and validated by the City Staff. Our
opponents say that expanding upward nets you more room. In fact in most
cases, because of privacy consideration, light planes, solar impacts, trees,
room for staircase, adding a second story ends up adding less square
footage than an expansion outwards. The cost per added square foot is
usually very prohibitive if you go up. Our opponents say that SSO reduces
your property values. There is much evidence that SSO does not hurt
property values as demonstrated by the appreciated values in Green
Meadow, an Eichler protected neighborhood. As previously stated, for every
one who benefits by going up, six to twelve suffer. That suffering is
pronounced in an Eichler district. The house is highly at risk of a non-
harmonious modification where the owners neither love nor care for their
Eichlers. Our door-to-door approach over the last year and a half has been
an amazing way of knowing neighbors we never would have met before.
The grass roots effort and open discussions we had with most neighbors
have contributed to building a stronger sense of community. We regret that
the opponents decided to take a combative approach, hiring an attorney and
avoid talking with us in an effort to reach a win-win situation. Looking at
how this discussion has been going, you can image how any IR going
through the City would go. The vast majority of Royal Manor wants a
peaceful and harmonious community. Please support the SSO and the
implementation of design regulations. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Richard Anderson.

Richard Anderson: Thank you and good evening. My wife and I reside at
3367 Kenneth Drive and are strong supporters of the single story overlay
zone change. We feel very blessed to have lived in the Royal Manor
neighborhood for the past 38 years. Great schools and teachers, friendly
and supportive neighbors, and a real sense of community have all
contributed to this feeling.   The Frank Lloyd Wright-like architectural
features of our Eichler have provided a wonderful environment for raising

                                                                       Page 49 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
