                          TRANSCRIPT
contaminated soil that are too close to the existing buildings to be
remediated until demolition occurs. As discussed in the EIR, there are a few
other areas of additional soil contamination that haven't been addressed in
the soil management plan but would be added to that soil management plan
to ensure that everything is remediated at the same time. The site is not
directly above the contaminated groundwater plume, the COE plume. The
adjacent parcel is the limit of where that plume is known to occur. We also
included typical mitigation measures to control for impacts that might be
related to the contaminated groundwater.          Specifically that requires if
groundwater is encountered during construction, then measures dictate how
dewatering of the site would occur.         Testing would be done of any
dewatering that needs to occur to determine the level of contamination in
that water. That dictates how that water can be handled, whether it can go
into the sewer or needs to be handled in a different manner. Those
provisions are detailed in Mitigation Measure HAZ6. There are a series of
construction standards that are applied under Mitigation Measure HAZ7 that
describe how the building construction and how the garages need to be
ventilated to ensure that any vapor that might migrate into the building from
soil and groundwater would be adequately ventilated so that it doesn't build
up to unhealthy levels within the building. With respect to noise, we
evaluated the noise conditions in the project area currently and determined
that there are two potential impacts. One would be the noise conditions
within the building may be in excess of the City's standards. The mitigation
measure identifies the construction standards that need to be applied,
particularly for window sound transmission ratings to ensure that condition
does not result. There is also a potential that the HVAC unit mounted on top
of the roof could increase noise levels beyond the amount that's allowed by
the City.     Again, we identified performance standards that indicate a
maximum allowable noise level to ensure that the project does not violate
the City's standards. With respect to transportation and circulation, we
found that there was one potential impact that the project could create in
the existing project conditions which would be to extend the queue, the
number of cars of waiting to make a left turn, into the project site from
Hanson. We identified a mitigation measure that requires modifying that
turn lane to accommodate additional storage. In order for that to happen,
the next intersection down at Hanover would also need to be modified.
Those two improvements were identified as a mitigation measure that's
required of the proposed project under the existing project conditions. With
respect to eh cumulative conditions, we found that there would be a
significant impact in the cumulative condition related to the number of cars
waiting to make a left turn at the intersection at Hanover. We found that
the project itself would not contribute to those left-turn queues. That
cumulative impact is something that would occur in the future but not as a
result of this project. Therefore, we found that there was no need in the
                                                                         Page 45 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
