                          TRANSCRIPT
that at your last meeting both Mr. Robert Wheatley and Boyd Smith were
here arguing that their Pet Depot was not a pet store. It's kind of funny that
they were here also last meeting to argue. Again, my hope is that the City
Manager, who said he was going to help us, might negotiate with
Mr. Wheatley to see if we can get that back as a facility and that he would
satisfy the Planned Community (PC) requirements that he was awarded at
the time. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Mark Mollineaux. Welcome.

Mark Mollineaux: Good evening. My name is Mark Mollineaux. I live in
Redwood City. I'd like to comment on the statements of Mayor Pat Burt last
week, when he was interviewed by SF Curbed. I wouldn't normally wish to
single out a single person, but as he is the face of the housing policy of the
City it's unavoidable. I commend the Mayor for speaking publicly on the
justifications for the Palo Alto housing policy, but his answers were more
than a little bit troubling. To quote, the Mayor at one point said, "My point is
the former Palo Alto Planning Commissioner Kate Vershov can't afford a
home like that," referring to a two-bedroom home, "but she could afford a
starter home or a condo home. That would not be cheap either, but when
my wife and I came to Palo Alto, we rented half a duplex, just a little more
than 500 feet, then we overpaid for our first house, a two-bed one-bath
place. After 10 years, we were able to buy a slightly larger home." This is
troubling for several reasons. One, it offers an "up from my boot straps"
narrative that was true decades ago but not today. It's true that after the
journalist that the Mayor was speaking to objected that this was not open for
her, the Mayor responded, "It may be out of reach for someone like you, a
journalist, but not for young professionals. They can and are making those
purchases." This can only be true in a very limited sense. A medium home
price in Palo Alto, $2.5 million, is simply not affordable, not just for
journalists and school teachers but also for professionals. The City has
become unaffordable to essentially everybody except those who were lucky
to move here years and years ago. These statements by the Mayor would
either imply that he is unaware of the severity of the failure of the housing
policy of his own City or is indifferent to the very human cost it creates.
Both I find very troubling. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications.

Minutes Approval

2.    Approval of Action Minutes for the August 15, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Approval of Minutes from the meeting of
August 15, 2016. Do we have a Motion to approve?
                                                                          Page 10 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
