                         TRANSCRIPT
discussion about comps. I'll come back to that in a minute. A lot of
discussion, as Director Gitelman mentioned, about whether we should have
preferences for inclusionary housing versus fees to fund below market rate
housing. To answer some of this, Commissioner Rosenblum and I were
tasked in a subcommittee to reach out to a few constituencies and try to at
least collect a little more information. We reached out to some market-rate
developers, affordable housing developers and some policy advocates to see
what they thought. From market-rate developers, we did get a response.
There's a general sense that Palo Alto is a hard place to work, hard to
develop, but they didn't think that impact fees per se were the cause of
problems. Of course, they would prefer to have lower, no fees, but I don't
think anyone said they will stop doing projects if there are fees. I think the
sense was there is some signaling going on, and we probably should look at
that. We should look at process; we should look at whether we're easy or
hard to work in, but fees are not necessarily the fulcrum of that discussion.
Let's see. From the affordable housing community, we did hear a preference
for impact fees over inclusionary units. I think that's something that you as
a Council should come back to and probably get to the bottom of, maybe not
at this meeting, but over the course of the next year. They did bring in
some worries about whether fees will stop development. A lot of those
seemed to be anecdotal concerns. Nonetheless, we should get to the
bottom of that as well. As far as comps, from housing policy advocates we
heard that the right fee in any community is very market driven, that the
right fee in Redwood City or the right fee in Mountain View may not be the
right fee in Palo Alto, that you really have to look at micro-market comps,
that parts of San Francisco maybe the right comps to look at for Palo Alto.
Again, we got some mixed discussion about whether those neighboring town
comps are the right things to look at or not. I could go on, but maybe I'll
just stop and see if you have any questions. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, was that for Commissioner Waldfogel?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah. Thank you. I found the PTC Minutes very
enlightening. Unfortunately, we got the November 30th at places and have
not had a chance to look at it. Are there any detailed comments made in
the November 30th meeting that changed or addressed issues that were not
addressed in the earlier Minutes?

Mr. Waldfogel: That's a great question. I think the biggest thing that came
up in that meeting was a discussion about the rental impact fee. There was
some advocacy for zero.      There was some advocacy for $50.          As a
Commission, the compromise was this middle number, $10 to $20, which
was driven by comps. Again, I think this is something that you as a Council
should look at, whether new rental housing is aimed at a lower-income
                                                                        Page 40 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
