                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: That was just what I wanted to hear.

Mr. Keene: They have proposed bringing them to City Council meetings
actually as part of (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: We have a rough crowd here.

Council Member Kniss: You probably know in Los Angeles, they have now
indicated that one should only adopt a rescue dog. That's an Ordinance of
their City Council. My daughter has recently done that. There are some
challenges with adopting a dog who has been in a situation for a couple of
years. I am delighted to hear—it sounds as though yours have plenty of, as
you said, outdoor time and TLC and so forth. I find that very reassuring.

Mr. Mollica: I think we do a fantastic job of rehabilitating. We go around to
public shelters and rescue dogs that have been neglected, abused. Your
daughter probably realizes this by now. Sometimes they come with some
baggage. We're very upfront with people that adopt from us. These are not
purebred animals. We also state as part of our policy if an animal has a
physical problem, if an animal is over seven years old, we have what we call
a Save our Seniors program. We'll provide basic medical care for the life of
the animal. We do whatever we can to make sure there's a nice match and
these animals end up finding forever homes. As nice as our facility is, we
still recognize that they're better off in somebody's home.

Council Member Kniss: I'd certainly agree with what Karen said. We're glad
you found us or vice versa. It is something we have been very concerned
about for some period of time. I will look forward to visiting your facility.

Mr. Mollica: Please do.

Council Member Kniss: thank you.

Mr. Mollica: You're welcome. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I will say that we've had a rescue dog for eight years. She's
great, but we haven't known how to break it to her that she's not purebred.
Our first speaker is William Warrior, to be followed by Joseph Duran.
Welcome. Each speaker has up to three minutes to speak.

William Warrior: Thank you, Honorable Members of Council, gentlemen from
Pets in Need. I've been your Animal Control Officer for 37 years now,
counting my volunteer time 42. I first arrived at the animal shelter at 15
years old in 1974, when the only way I could get in was hopping over the
redwood fence. I think that was a test to see how much I wanted to work

                                                                      Page 48 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
