                         TRANSCRIPT
over the next 3 or 4 weeks, having roundtable discussions around this range
of issues, and come with a recommendation to Council.

Mayor Burt: Can I ask a clarification? When you say within 4 weeks, is that
when we would return with polling results?

Council Member Schmid: No. I assume there would be a discussion of
polling by this committee, and it'd be part of the recommendation.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor
Burt to refer funding strategies for Transportation Demand Management and
other local transportation programs to a Mayor designated ad hoc committee
for development of a recommended approach and report back to Council
within four weeks.

Mayor Burt: I'm assuming that we would need to move more rapidly with an
initial round of polling. As we've had with other ballot measures in the past,
if we went forward, we'd probably have at least a second round of polling at
that time.      Mr. City Manager, did you have something you wanted
(crosstalk)?

Mr. Keene: I think it is a challenge, which is how quickly can the committee
or the Council put together a range of polling questions. That'll be involved.
I think you're going to poll across a bunch of different areas. Is that
something that can be delegated to the subcommittee and then actually do
the polling or does that need to return to the Council? That really has
bearing on the schedule. This is all conjecture. Even to think to design the
poll and do the polling and do that within a month, that just strikes me as
exceedingly fast. You know what I mean?

Mayor Burt: I would recommend that the Motion authorize the ad hoc
committee in conjunction with Staff to have ...

Mr. Keene: Move as quickly as possible.

Mayor Burt: ... some outreach on the content of the polling as part of the
committee work and to proceed with the first round of polling based upon a
budgetary limit that we put in the motion.

Council Member Schmid: Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and authorize the ad hoc
committee, in conjunction with Staff, to conduct outreach on the content of


                                                                        Page 90 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
