                          TRANSCRIPT
out of their cars," at $1,000 each or something like that, the budget's going
to end up in the neighborhood of a couple of million dollars a year. Is that
sort of ballpark? As we think about how to fund TMA, that's kind of the
ballpark numbers we ought to be looking at. Is that sort of where you're
going?

Ms. Silvani: (inaudible) would come out in 1 year which is a little unrealistic.

Council Member Filseth: Per year, that's (crosstalk). You want to get there
in 5 years or 4 years.

Ms. Silvani: I'm using kind of an average of a two-zone Caltrain pass in
working out the numbers in terms of how many passes we might be able to
give out. There will be some that are single zone; there will be some that
are hopefully SamTrans for people who live in East Palo Alto and Redwood
City. As the shuttle moves along, I'm hoping that a lot of 94303 Zip Code in
particular can be accommodated more with the shuttle, which would be a
wonderful thing.

Council Member Filseth: That makes sense.

Ms. Silvani: Also public transit isn't terrific from the other side of the
freeway. Even though SamTrans runs a lot, it's not a great schedule. The
pricing ranges from $60 a month to $140 for a two-zone pass ...

Council Member Filseth: For a two-zone pass, and then you're looking at ...

Ms. Silvani: ... and even higher for a three or four or five-zone pass. If
you're targeting 300 or 400 people a year off of the 1,650 over a 4 to 5-year
period ...

Council Member Filseth: Four to five years from now, when we've got all
1,650      which basically takes care of all the people parking in the
neighborhoods because you've got 1,300, 1,400 there now, that's sort of the
ballpark that you're looking at. If you multiply those out, then the net
expense—of course, you're going to have some people that aren't taking
transit passes that are just taking cross-town shuttles. They'll be less
expensive. Riding bikes will be less expensive and so forth. That's kind of
the ballpark of what it looks like we're going to have to try to figure out how
to finance. It's $250,000 a year, but it's not $10 million a year either. It's
sort of like that. The other issue is like how much of it is paid directly by the
TMA versus is paid by the employers, but the TMA aggregates. One of the
things is sort of how big of a box are we talking about. The other comment I
had just thinking about this and looking at it is if it costs ballpark $1,000 or
something like per vehicle, we sell parking permits now for $466 and in
                                                                          Page 60 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
