                         TRANSCRIPT
their new home. It's running March through December 2016. There's also
English as a Second Language (ESL) and an adult course in how to learn
pronunciation and a citizenship corner where new Americans are helped to
understand what kinds of resources are available toward study towards
citizenship. Wait a minute. I'm trying to skip over the most important
thing. Many of these programs are actually funded by State money or
government grants or donations, in large part donations from the Friends of
the Palo Alto Library. It's not as much a huge section of the budget, as I
understand it. Although, it is of course something that the Staff spends a
good deal of time on. Is that about right, Monique?

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Yes. If we have a speaker or a presenter who
charges, that comes from the Friends or is paid for through a grant related
to that program. Staff time is spent on preparing for it or making the
arrangements. Even supplies are paid for through the grant funding from
the Friends. Evaluation is done on Staff time, but for the most part that's
how that's separated out. Frankly, without the Friends money, we wouldn't
have really a summer reading program. They pretty much fund that
entirely. It's a great opportunity. We maximize the use. We do try to find
like Dan Russell. We're fortunate he lives in the community. He works at
Google. He volunteers and does this for us once or twice a year.

Chair Loy: Thank you, Monique. More pictures of some of the programs
that we have. The programs bring people into the Library. They are a way
for people to get together and use the Library buildings and services. We
wanted to spend a little time focusing on teens in the Library. Mitchell Park,
as you know, has a teen center available. Now it has also a little preteen
area. There are seven youth librarians in the Library. I believe that number
is up. As we mentioned earlier, increased program participation. This year
there was a Teen Library Advisory Board; 13 teens took part in that
program. They met with us at the College Terrace Library. I think this
picture here with the Post-It note, that's from finals week cram. I think that
was part of the results from the teen LACM. Did I have that right?

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: The teens have made the most of that wall
when you enter Mitchell Park, doing all kinds of things, either surveys of
teens, sending messages to each other to encourage them during finals
week. Following the tragedy in Orlando, they created a memorial there.
Every time you come in—they also did a Pokémon poster, so that you could
draw the Pokémon that you had caught in the park around the Library.
They've used that space to their advantage for short-term information
sharing and things like that. This is just one example of those projects. I
did want to also point out that there is of course a teen space at Rinconada


                                                                        Page 5 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
