                         TRANSCRIPT
A.   Investigate minor improvements to Loma Verde Avenue and a
     separated path on East Meadow Drive and see if the Santa Clara
     County grant money can be applied to the East Meadow Drive
     improvements; and

B.   Focus on a crossing at East Meadow Drive and Alma Street with
     consideration for the Caltrain trench discussion.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. To evaluate minor improvements to Loma
Verde and separated paths on East Meadow and see if the grant can be
applied to the East Meadow improvements. That would be "A," I guess. "B"
would be—instead of "evaluate," say "focus on a crossing at East Meadow
with consideration for the Caltrain trench discussion." At East Meadow and
Alma, I guess, if that's not clear. I think I spoke to a lot of this. I think
Loma Verde makes a lot of sense. I agree with Council Members there. I
am a little bit concerned about the separated, both lanes on one side of the
street. I would look to Staff to suggest improvements and maybe some
slowing of traffic, and then really make East Meadow the Midtown
Connector.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: A couple of questions on the Motion. I want to
make sure Staff has enough latitude on this to—you say minor
improvements on Loma Verde. I hope that gives Staff enough latitude to
consider a lot of different alternatives on Loma Verde. Maybe get rid of the
word "minor" or something like that if Staff feels like they've got enough
latitude to do what they want there. The second one is do you want to give
Staff the latitude to consider a crossing of the train tracks maybe not
necessarily at East Meadow, but potentially at Loma Verde if appropriate.
Do you want to limit them to East Meadow?

Council Member DuBois: The point was we already have a bunch of kids
crossing at-grade, and it was to fix that, spend the money to make a more
safe situation. I meant East Meadow.

Mr. Mello: If I could. We'd also like you to adopt the Feasibility Study, so
we can close out this phase of the project. By adopting, you're not
accepting the recommendations. You're just adopting the document as
presented.

Council Member DuBois: That's fine if you want to add that.
                                                                      Page 53 of 116
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/20/16
