                         TRANSCRIPT
Research Park-wide TDM programs. After we understood how important
Transportation Demand Management is to the Research Park employers and
after we developed a thorough understanding of our challenges, we decided
to convene a group of engaged employers and work together, because we
felt there was potential to unlock by working collaboratively. We call
ourselves the SRP TDM working group, and we're structured similarly to the
Downtown TMA. I would like to ask everybody who is participating, who
came tonight to support us to stand, and I will quickly make introductions.
We have Ron Malouf from Jazz Pharmaceuticals here. We have Stacey
Winter from HP Inc.; Anissa Leong from Hewlett Packard Enterprise; Stan
Nakaso from Lockheed Martin. We have Lucy Tice representing Nest, Karen
Bouvier representing PARC, Steve Lynch representing the property owner for
Machine Zone. We have Kellie Drenner from SAP. We have a representative
from Tesla, and we have Linda Marie here from VMware. Thank you. That is
a nice turnout for us; 10 of our 12 employers were able to make it tonight.
Thank you. Like I said earlier, 12 of the employers in the Research Park
represent nearly 75 percent of the population. You can see here the group
that we are working with. To give you a little insight into how we work, we
call ourselves the TDM Working Group because we decided at the beginning
we came to work, to roll up our sleeves and to share information in order to
unlock potential as quickly as possible. We firmly believe we can tackle our
challenges by working together. What we do is we meet monthly under
Jamie's leadership to discuss our TDM strategies and ideas. We share data
openly, and we make decisions, and then we leap into action. We also share
best practices and lessons learned and, quite frankly, failures. We're all
benefitting from each other's learning curve individually. We are a group
that embraces emerging technologies and Applications (apps). It's fun for
us to explore new vendors and new technologies. We actually have a
mindset of experimentation. We are launching pilot programs which you'll
hear about. What we'll do is we'll collect data on a periodic basis, and we'll
determine if these programs are effective for us or not. We are a demand-
driven, data-driven group. For us, flexibility is key. Last October, Stanford
took the step to hire a full-time TDM coordinator; she leads our TMA-like
organization. Her name is Jamie Jarvis. She comes with degrees in
engineering and environmental science as well as 20 years of experience in
running Transportation Demand Management programming with Silicon
Valley employers including some in this room. She's been hard at work
since last October trying to figure out what we should do to modernize and
adapt our programs. Now, Jamie will walk you through her portion of the
presentation. Thank you.

Jamie Jarvis, Stanford Research Park Transportation Demand Manager:
Thank you, Tiffany. I feel very fortunate to have come into a situation
where I'm working with employers who already totally understand the value
                                                                          Page 9 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
