                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. McClure: That's correct. That's this zone over here. It's not a building.

Mr. Aiken: That's what confuses me.

Council Member Holman: It's not a building.

Mr. McClure: It's not a building. Just a …

Council Member Holman: There is a wall around it, though?

Mr. McClure: That's correct.

Council Member Holman: It's walled off from the park or not?

Mr. McClure: Yes.

Council Member Holman: Whether it's a building or not, it takes the land out
of park use. If there was some other way to integrate that, that would of
course be preferable. The finances, a couple of things. Rob, when you were
going through the costs originally, you said there was a $400,000 interim
cost, and then you mentioned $3 million. I didn't catch what that was for.
You said some programming fees, and then there's the parking lot. Was
there a second item that you mentioned that was $3 million or did I double
dip there?

Mr. de Geus: You did hear that correctly, Council Member Holman. That's
the Phase 2 building.

Council Member Holman: That's the Phase 2. Having to do with fundraising,
congratulations. Very good progress and congratulations are definitely in
order here. One hundred sixty-five donors for this amount of money
seems—who cares how you raise it? If you raise it, it's a good thing. It
does seem like a low number though. The reason I raise that is because—
certainly you have one donor that's pretty significant there. The reason I
raise that is because—to kind of revisit the parking lot. Because we have so
many projects and so many demands on City funds, is there any projection
about how likely the JMZ would be to be able to raise a proportionate share
of the parking lot?

Mr. de Geus: It's built into their current budget, but it's very tight. I know
that, having talked to the Friends. I think they're doing everything they can
to keep the costs low and to contribute. At this point, we're just not sure if
they're going to be able to get there.

Council Member Holman: I did hear that there was built-in, but projects can
go a little over. Would the Junior Museum and Zoo be amenable to raising
                                                                         Page 20 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
