                         TRANSCRIPT
the core retail locations. We can support our embryonic retail uses. Another
thing that causes me to still support that same position is since the last
meeting and this one, I actually encountered someone that I actually happen
to know to some extent, who actually as a retail use had tried to rent that
space. They were offered a very high price for rent. It's not that nobody in
retail wants to rent those spaces.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'm a little skeptical of this. Just before the retail
Ordinance comes to us, we are granting a waiver for educational purposes.
Maybe it turns out to be code training. That then becomes a permanent
waiver when the new retail Ordinance comes out in three or four months.
One of our goals with this area is to do mixed use. It's a good area for
denser housing. To grant a permanent waiver in the short term before we
have our full retail Ordinance doesn't seem to make sense.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I agree with almost everything Council Member
Holman said. I feel like this is spot zoning. I haven't changed my mind
since we discussed it before either. I won't be supporting the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the board.       That passes on a 5-4 vote with
Council Members Schmid—I'm sorry.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Ms. Gitelman: As an urgency Ordinance, it requires a supermajority. I think
it's seven votes.

MOTION FAILED: 5-4 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Schmid, no

James Keene, City Manager: Aren't we coming back with what you guys
asked us to come back with quickly?

Council Member Wolbach: On Page 2, it says requires eight votes.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Members, the Motion fails as an Urgency Ordinance.
We can take it to the Planning Commission and bring it back to you in some
more time as a non-urgency Ordinance. Although, we'll have to look at that
to be sure we can amend an Urgency Ordinance that way.

Mayor Burt: When would the permanent Ordinance be considered?


                                                                     Page 102 of 104
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/4/16
