                          TRANSCRIPT
sort of information questions related to that item. I did want to clarify that
the action requested of the Council on the Consent Calendar is to adopt a
resolution to delegate to the City Manager the authority to purchase part of
the City's natural gas from identified, prequalified vendors. It is significant
in that the figure identifies a $100 million expense. The reason for this
aggregate maximum being so high is it actually relates to the fact that the
action could amend existing agreements which date back to 2007. Given
that we're getting close to the existing limit of $65 million already with a
couple of suppliers, we're really essentially asking for an additional authority
of $35 million which would allow sufficient capacity for the next five years or
so, given our anticipated needs of purchases of $8-$12 million a year. I did
want to put that in the proper perspective. May 15-21 is Emergency Medical
Services Weeks. Every day our citizens rely on the City's Emergency Medical
Service (EMS).       Since 1974, our City has deployed highly trained
professional teams of emergency medical technicians and paramedics to
help our community through some of the most frightening moments of
individuals' and families' lives. Our Emergency Medical Technicians (EMTs)
and paramedics consistently exceed standards in the treatment,
transportation of victims and customer service.          This is a nationwide
celebration, but it does honor public safety professionals who are on the
frontline of community protection, obviously including our own. City Clerk's
Office. I did want to say thanks to all who attended yesterday's Repair Café
at the Museum of American Heritage including that fellow there on the right.
Council Member Marc Berman and Peter Skinner of Repair Café joined the
City's GreenWaste team who donated a trailer for the equipment and really
special thanks to Gunn High School students for painting a great mural on it.
For those of you not familiar with Repair Café, it's an opportunity to bring
your broken stuff and have volunteers help you fix them. I was unaware of
this. You may have noticed it; I did not. We have a new temporary Public
Art installation on King Plaza. It's called Chime, and it is an interactive
sound sculpture by artist Dan Gottwald and Scott Watkins. It will be on
display until August. It's between the trees on the Ramona side of the
plaza. Chime invites the public to create their own musical experience by
pushing large, curved panels that make up the outer walls of the sculpture
and activating the pendulums hanging outside through which you can create
your own melodic sounds.         This is part of a series of temporary art
installations on King Plaza we'll have on a rotating basis. It might be
interesting as we listen to it closely during the aftermath of the Council
meeting to hear what kind of lovely music is being made by people as they
exit the Council chambers. As it relates to the issue of airport noise, this is a
really premature and early advance notice.                We did hear from
Congresswoman Eshoo's office that the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) has released its feasibility study in response to the problem of
increased noise in Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, San Mateo and San Francisco
                                                                         Page 26 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
