                          TRANSCRIPT
years that we've been there. Maybe the core of it is Craftsman, but there
have been a lot of additions. I was surprised to see, when I googled the
address and the review board, that they're required to maintain the same
facade. On the other side of us, there's also construction. The strictness of
how the requirements are being applied to that construction has added
certainly over $1 million to a house which basically was going to be totally
reconstructed. It seems to me a kind of orthodoxy that's gone too far. I
would like to express an opinion that how the design rules are interpreted
are really, really important. Not everything has to be interpreted the way
it's happening on our block. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have one more speaker yet. Martin Bernstein
to be followed by Scott Lane.

Martin Bernstein: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council. Martin Bernstein,
Chair of the Historic Resources Board. The items before you today did not
come to the Historic Resources Board, some of the revised changes. I'm not
speaking as a member of the HRB at this point, because those items did not
come before us. I'm speaking as an individual. I take great delight in
Director Gitelman's comment about suggesting what is a next step from
these Design Guidelines. Those include, as you may have seen from the
handout there, to incorporate these procedures into the single-family
Individual Review process and then also the Ordinance itself and any Zoning
Code changes. Other speakers have mentioned the same reference to what
we're looking at tonight is a first step, and now let's get a little more teeth
into it. Of the 225 pages you've seen on this—obviously there's some
interest in the subject; there's 225 pages that you have in front of you
regarding this. Two of the main points involve discretionary review and
ministerial review. When there's ministerial review, any suggestions that a
review board, such as the HRB, suggests to an owner are voluntary. The
address that you heard this evening from a previous speaker, those are all
voluntary items. They are not mandatory, because the application did not
involve any discretionary work, so completely voluntary. When a project
includes some discretionary review such as individual Review, for example,
that's when HRB comments become binding. A way to strengthen the
ordinances, as Director Gitelman mentioned, would be to incorporate some
of the findings and regulations in the proposed process to be incorporated in
terms of Individual Review. I want to read just one paragraph from the 225
pages that you received on this about fairness. It says sum up. The new
Guidelines fail to address a major loophole. Today you can freely demolish a
historic house and build a one-story replacement of any style.             HRB
recommendations for that are nonbinding. Individual Review does not apply
to one-story houses, so there's no discretionary review. CEQA does not
apply. Therefore, the constraints are significantly more severe for a two-
                                                                        Page 57 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
