                           TRANSCRIPT
again adds to the safety of pedestrians, bicyclists on Maybell. For student
safety, I'm glad that the PTC reviewed, vetted and unanimously rejected the
pedestrian path.      It was presented at the City/School Traffic Safety
Committee, which I'm a member. The principal at Juana Briones School had
serious concerns with having a path out there that could potentially be used
for bicyclists, and there's no crosswalk right there. Three houses away on
Clemo, there is a safe crosswalk. I was just going to mention to Mayor Pat
Burt's point that I too would welcome that the in-lieu fees be reinvested in
our neighborhood. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Ryan Kim to be followed by Alice Sklar.

Ryan Kim: Hi. I'm Ryan. I go to Juana Briones. I bike to school, and there
are a lot of cars, so it forces us to bike on the sidewalk. One time when we
were going to soccer, my friend got hit by a car on his bike. Also, when I
bike, when there are stop signs, cars hardly ever stop. They just slow down,
and I find it really dangerous. I think the people who design bike roads
should make bike roads bigger so they can allow cars—so they don't allow
cars to come in. This is my opinion about bikes and bike safety.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Alice Sklar to be followed by Tim Gray.

Alice Sklar: That's a very hard act to follow. My name is Alice Sklar. I'm
the President of Green Acres Improvement Association.                   We're the
association directly across from Clemo, that extends from approximately
Clemo down to Pomona Avenue. My Board has been reluctant to be involved
in these talks officially, taking the view that if it doesn't directly affect us we
should not speak to the issue. However, at this point, it was finally moved
that I should represent the Board as being unanimously in favor of the
current project. We feel that the traffic on Arastradero, the traffic that our
school children endure on Clemo and Maybell will be greatly enhanced by
this project rather than the one that was proposed prior to it. I just want to
cut to the chase. We're unanimously in favor of the project. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Tim Gray to be followed by our final speaker, Bill
Ross.

Tim Gray: Hi. I'm Tim Gray. I wanted to just express my support for the
project. It follows three key principles. First is the respect for zoning. Even
though there are a couple of little exceptions, it really does respect our
Comprehensive Plan and our zoning. It really moves away from the projects
we've seen recently, where we've been willing to discard our historical
                                                                           Page 91 of 116
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/20/16
