                         TRANSCRIPT
land that I’m aware of, Maybell site, sold for $9 million an acre. With those
land prices, how do you convert something into affordable housing?

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker, Stefan Heck. That concludes
our public comments. Let's return to the Council. Let me ask just any
members of the public who are here to speak on our final item, just raise
your hand if you are. One. Colleagues, I suspect that the public hearing on
the negative declaration will be relatively brief, but we're well behind
schedule on this item. Ten to 10:00, let's just see how it goes. This is
probably going to be a substantive discussion. Yes.

James Keene, City Manager: Is your thinking we could get later in the
evening and the ability to actually make a decision on the next item on your
Agenda could—you've got a public hearing. You have to hold that. Whether
or not we actually have to work through the whole process and make a
decision tonight on that item could be something that might be carried
forward to another meeting after you've heard from the public.

Mayor Burt: That's a possibility if it takes any prolonged period of time. I
suspect it'll go quickly.

Council Member Wolbach: I was just going to point out that I think the last
member of the public who had signed up to speak might have just stepped
out of the room but just walked back in, Mr. Heck.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Heck, if you would like to speak, you're our last speaker.

Council Member Wolbach: Also, if it would please the Chair, if any members
of the public arrived and had not had a chance to speak, I'd be willing to
hear them speak.

Mayor Burt: Thank you for your comments.

Stephan Heck: Thank you very for the opportunity to speak, especially since
I was a little bit late. As you know, I fully support the concept of moving
more of the housing nearer the transit locations that we already have along
Caltrain. I think the efforts to make that shift are really important. The
data clearly shows that having both work and home locations near transit
makes a big difference to the modal share, to how many people use transit
versus car trips. If we are going to keep growing as a region and we have a
massive jobs imbalance, as you've already heard, with a lot of jobs and not
enough housing, we need to add housing. The best place to put it is near
transit and take advantage of the system that we have, particularly in light
of the upgrades that are already being planned for capacity in that system.
That was really all I wanted to say. Thank you for your time.
                                                                      Page 73 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/21/16
