                          TRANSCRIPT
these two folks sitting next to me and Rob de Geus. Just incredibly
supportive. Molly has spent hours and hours and hours with us. She's put
up with all of our nudges. She's just been really, really great and put a lot
of smartness into it. This is a real collaborative effort for a whole lot of
people. We're very appreciative. Jim's always really supportive too and Rob
too. Thank you really. It makes a difference.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. Just to wrap up, I want to echo that this is really
exciting to see the elevation of art in our community that's occurred. We
had a rich tradition, but this is really essentially has begun a new era. We're
seeing real progress in its implementation. We see a plan and a future on
the horizon. It'll be very interesting to look back in ten years and see the
cumulative impacts of everything that you're all doing. Thank you very
much. On that note ...

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Mayor, we need a Motion.

Mayor Burt: We do. On that note, we need a Motion.

Council Member Berman: So moved.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Council Member Berman: I can be more prescriptive.

Mayor Burt: That's a Motion to approve the Public Art Master Plan and
authorize the City Manager to adopt the policies and guidelines to implement
the Plan and to direct Staff to return to Council with amendments to the
Municipal Code sections governing public art.

Council Member Berman: Exactly what I had in mind.

MOTION:     Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

A.    Approve the Public Art Master Plan (Plan); and

B.    Authorize the City Manager to adopt policies and guidelines to
      implement the Plan (including deaccessioning artwork, gifts of artwork,
      murals, temporary artwork and artist selection guidelines); and

C.    Direct staff to return to Council with amendments to the Municipal
      Code Sections governing public art.




                                                                         Page 79 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
