                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: This undercrossing is not open at all to bicyclists and pedestrians.
We're recommending opening it outside of the winter rainy season. I think
you may be referring to the Adobe Creek undercrossing.

Council Member Kniss: You're right. The Mayor just reminded me of that.
Thank you.

Mr. Mello: This would provide brand new seasonal access that doesn't
currently exist.

Council Member Kniss: And will be considerably better than the other one.
Go back to Matadero Creek. I like most of this a lot, but I was troubled
when I walked along there. I would confess I voted for this when I was at
the County. I have mixed feelings on it. Going along behind people's
houses at all hours of the day and night makes me uneasy. Say something
about that. Say something that makes us just all feel incredibly comfortable
with jumping on your bike or walking along. It's going to have to have
lighting if you're going to have it used at night.

Mr. Mello: We have talked about the ability to restrict access with the Water
District. They are open to the City defining the operating hours under the
Joint Use Agreement that we would need to execute with the Water District.
I could foresee a scenario where there were gates that were closed at a
certain time in the evening to prohibit access in the off hours. This will
likely—aside from the seasonal undercrossing, Segments D, E and F, there's
parallel corridors that commuter cyclists could use. One of the troubles with
closing trails in the evening is in the winter when it gets dark really early.
Commuter cyclists have trouble finding alternatives. In this case, there's
plenty of alternative parallel streets. I could see a scenario where the City
restricts the hours of the trail segments.

Council Member Kniss: I'm sorry about the Loma Verde Trail which looked
very appealing to me. You're indicating you had a lot of feedback from
schools and from that committee working on it that really was enough to
persuade you to bypass it. Correct?

Mr. Mello: Yes. We think there may be some minor striping and signing
changes that we could do on Loma Verde that would improve the existing
conditions without adding a two-way, separated bikeway as shown in the
graphic.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.
                                                                        Page 22 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
