                          TRANSCRIPT
review be done, and then come back with any amendments or adjustments
to that Ordinance. In that case, the State version would not ever go into
effect here.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. Could you come back to us when you do—
if we do what the City Attorney suggested, go do the outreach, all of that
stuff, when you come back to us, is it possible to explain to us what the
Ordinance looks like from a practical point of view? There will be no lawns
allowed or yes, you would be able to do a lawn, but it would look—there
probably would be no more than this square feet, or if 80 percent plants, if
500 square feet that people are looking at, is it the entire yard that counts
for looking at the 80 percent of natural plants or is it just the part that
they're redoing? How does it affect all planting and flowers? How does this
all work in terms of what is the built environment look like? That's really
one of the things I'd like to see if we come back. I just want to know if you
think you could do that in a way that seems practical.

Mayor Burt: At this time, let's hear from four members of the public.
Catherine Martineau to be followed by Shani Kleinhaus. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 7:44 P.M.

Catherine Martineau: Thank you, Mayor Burt, Greg Scharff, Vice Mayor, and
thank you also City Manager. I'm going to be very brief because you guys
basically are starting debating the questions that I had. I'm actually very
pleased that you're considering a new process and not adopting the
proposed Ordinance as it is before you tonight. I really think that you
should let the State Ordinance rule for now and invite the community
members, the stakeholders and your experts on Staff, because you have
landscape experts on Staff, to create something that will be much better.
Even if it's not very much better, it will at least bring all the explanations.
I'm like Vice Mayor Greg Scharff, I don't really understand it. I think we
need an understanding in order to get buy-in from the stakeholders and
from the community. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Shani Kleinhaus, to be
followed by Mike Ferreira. Welcome.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you, Mayor Burt, City Council. Shani Kleinhaus with
Santa Clara County Valley Audubon Society and a resident of Palo Alto. I
think the answer to Vice Mayor Scharff's question of what is this going to
                                                                            Page 34 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
