                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. We've had over 100 residents email
us for this meeting. We had 17, 18 speakers; I think 14 of 15 of which
encouraged us to go big. This is our third meeting talking about this issue,
and we had more speakers at the earlier meetings and maybe less emails,
but clearly a large expression of the community that they care about
housing. 76 percent, as it's been stated, said that housing was their biggest
issue in a poll that the City conducted about a month ago. I've heard a lot
of colleagues express their support for John Kelley's statements earlier,
which got me excited because John suggested 10,000 new units of housing.
That's even more than, I think, I was going to go for. I've had other
colleagues express a desire to understand what would this look like, what
would this mean if we were to really take bold steps. ADUs, I support them.
That's not a bold step. Preserving existing housing, incredible important.
That doesn't move the needle forward. What a project would look like is the
project that I heard about at the Palo Alto Housing Corporation, about a
month ago at their annual board meeting. A project that the Palo Alto
Housing is doing in the City of Mountain View. Palo Alto Housing bought a
half-acre site on El Camino; they proposed 60 units of affordable housing on
this half-acre site, five stories. That's it; 60 feet I'm guessing; I don't know
all the specifics of the project. They proposed 60 units; the City Council
pushed them to, I think, 75 units of housing on this half-acre site. They
proposed, I think, 0.5 parking spaces per unit. The City Council tried to
drive them down further, and staff actually said, "Hold on guys. Chill out.
There needs to be some parking there." That's leadership. If you want to
know what a project looks like that moves the needle, it's 75 units of
affordable housing mainly meant, my understanding is, for veterans which I
know a lot of my colleagues have talked about as important on the City
Council. Seventy-five units on a half-acre with just five stories. That's
doable. The town just south of us is doing it. The question is are we serious
about trying to actually move the needle on affordable housing for veterans
or whatever demographic we choose, because that's what it looks like. We'd
have to pierce the 50-foot height limit just a little bit. We'd have to focus on
FAR and not so much units per acre, because that's 150 units per acre.
We'd have to believe people when they come to us and say certain types of
housing don't need as much parking as you think they do, and that studies
across other communities show that time and time again. I wasn't even
going to talk about this, but everybody said they wanted an example of what
it would look like. There's an example that just got approved, I think, earlier
this year. I've actually asked—I'm the liaison to Palo Alto Housing—Staff to
organize a Study Session with them, so that we can hear about some of the
stuff they're doing in other communities now and some possibilities of things
they might do in Palo Alto. They have a plot of land similar to this in Palo
                                                                         Page 92 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
