                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Are we premature with this exemption? Should we
wait for the results of the study? If it's more costly, is it really the right
thing to do? The electrification.

Mr. Pirnejad: What we're trying to do is not disincentivize the electric home.
We're trying to encourage them by saying, "You don't have to exceed the
Title 24. You just have to meet bare minimum Code." In some ways it
would be easier for them to submit an all-electric home and just meet State
Code minimum as opposed to try to exceed and put in more efficient. The
problem goes back to the all-electric home is struggling to be cost effective.

Council Member DuBois: The reason we want to incent that is because we
believe that the electric power will be cleaner in the future.

Mr. Pirnejad: Right.

Council Member DuBois: More and more clean in the future. We're willing
to accept that.

Mr. Pirnejad: We have two competing goals. There's efficiency, and then
there's carbon-free building. Sometimes they can be in conflict. The less
efficient things to do are the all-electric things. If you're getting all your
power from a clean energy grid, then does it make sense to not be efficient?
That's the struggle that we're having.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks for explaining that. I was trying to
understand that. Last question is can you just say who's on this Green
Building Advisory Committee?

Mr. Pirnejad: Who's on the Green Building Advisory Group?

Council Member DuBois: Yep.

Mr. Pirnejad: From the DCAG, we had Judith Wasserman, Ron Hall. We had
other members of the DCAG, which I'm drawing a blank. We had at least
five members from the DCAG. We had Luke Morton. We had Bruce Hodge.
We had representatives from the Palo Alto Utility Sustainability Planning.
You're asking me to dig deep into my memory banks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you very much.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the presentation and
for coming tonight and for staying late with us. Just kind of a couple of
follow-up questions just to make sure we're really clear on a couple of things
                                                                       Page 99 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
