                          TRANSCRIPT
We're the grannies who are living there, and we are looking forward to our
son and daughter-in-law and the two children moving here to help take care
of us, because we both have chronic diseases. We will hopefully be in our
home, which we have planned on being in. We'll need two extra bedrooms.
Since my largest bathroom is 5 x 7, we need a disability-equipped bathroom.
That's not possible with what we've got. We have to go up. I'm asking
people to consider that there may be people like me who may need to be in
our home. We can't afford to move to any of the assisted livings or things in
Palo Alto. Even if we sell the house and have all that money, you still can't
move anywhere close and be with our doctors. They are very important
people to us at this stage of the game. Thank you. I have a comment from
my husband. He says, "I’m probably one of the oldest residents of Royal
Manor. For 30 years, we've lived in one of the smallest Eichlers. It was a
family plan to age at home, extending the house upward as was our right
when we purchased the house. This single story overlay doesn't seem to
accommodate people like us."

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sudhir Rao, to be followed by
Litsie Indergand.

Sudhir Rao: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. My name is Sudhir
Rao. I am an owner of a house on Thomas Drive. Our home was included in
the first list of 70 percent which was provided to the Council. I just wanted
to say that it was said that some people withdrew. Actually, we didn't
withdraw; we never intended to vote in the first place. We thought it was a
survey, and my wife just signed it when I was not at home. Later on, I
came to know. I don't think our home should be included. This is our
address; it's on Thomas. Should be included in the first list of 70 percent, so
that's the main thing I wanted to say. Our home was included in that list. I
just wanted to say that we should have a ballot, and that's what we were
promised. That's the only way to find out if there is 70 percent support.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Litsie Indergand to be followed by Amir Dembo.

Litsie Indergand: Good evening. My name is Litsie Indergand. I live at 336
Ely Place in the Walnut Grover neighborhood which incidentally is not a total
Eichler neighborhood. Although all the homes look exactly like Eichlers, they
were not built by Eichler. They were built by a firm of architects called
Burke and Wyatt. Burke and Wyatt came to Palo Alto and saw all the
Eichlers and said, "We can do that." They managed to buy about two square
blocks of land that's Walnut Grover. They tried to build houses exactly like
Eichlers. They look very much like Eichlers; they're just a couple of very
small differences. They only built about 35 houses, because they decided

                                                                         Page 72 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
