                          TRANSCRIPT
the feedback received from neighborhood residents, the Parent Teacher
Association (PTA) and the Pedestrian and Bicycle Advisory Committee, the
Staff is recommending that Middlefield Road between Embarcadero Road and
Garland Drive continue to operate as a shared-lane facility with two general
purpose travel lanes and two full-time on-street parking lanes.            The
proposed Webster Street Bicycle Boulevard should serve as the primary
north/south bicycle connection in this corridor.          Our Staff is also
recommending a high quality connection between the two legs of North
California Avenue on Middlefield Road, using a short Class 4 separated
bikeway and appropriate intersection treatments.        Depending upon the
feasibility and results of further community discussions, the separated
bikeway may be either a two-way on the east side of Middlefield or a one-
way on both sides of Middlefield. As the Council is aware, there is a steering
committee that was created to help jump start the Transportation
Management Association in Downtown. They're close to wrapping up their
work.      Several Council Members have asked for more detail on the
governance structure of the new organization. I've asked Staff to put
together copies of the Bylaws, Articles of Incorporation and other issues and
expect to share those with the Council later this week. The City continues to
assess daily penalties to the Edgewood Plaza property owner for its failure to
maintain a grocery store at that location in violation of the Planned
Community Ordinance. The first citation was issued on September 30th,
2015. Last year, a total of $92,000-plus in fees was assessed and collected
from the property owner. Of course, we continue to collect those on a daily
basis. The Council received some comments from the public attempting to
draw some linkages between the Edgewood Plaza project and actually the
1050 Page Mill project that you have tonight. I think the City Attorney can,
when you take that item up, speak to the lack of a connection there.
Because of some of those concerns, I did reach out and talk to John Sea
today on the status of the grocery project at Edgewood. He does tell me
that Andronico's is serious and they continue to make progress in the
process of hammering out the actual sublease agreement between Fresh
Market and Andronico's. We will keep you posted on that. I got the sense
and there was some information shared that indicated to me they'd made
some important progress since before the holidays in that process. We just
talked a little bit about storm readiness. We just want to reiterate that we're
doing everything we can as a City to prepare. Of course, with El Nino
coinciding with the Super Bowl, the presidential election cycle and other risk
factors, we're pretty much on heightened alert as our Staff prepares for
these things. Piazza's Grocery, just to shout out to them. Several new
environmental protection ordinances are on your Consent Calendar tonight.
We did want to acknowledge Piazza Grocery's recent efforts.                It's
representative of many others in being proactive in addressing some of the
new provisions. Piazza's Grocery has just eliminated plastic foam egg
                                                                           Page 6 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
