                          TRANSCRIPT
mention that I heard discussed, that I'd like to respond to. One is there are
lots of Environmental Impact Reports (EIR), Environmental Impact Reports,
demonstrating that locating housing near jobs does reduce vehicle miles
traveled, but I do agree with my Colleagues that it would be great to see
that in greater nuance, just to prove the case. As far as new construction
and the greenhouse gases associated with that, I would point out that the
world's population is growing, and new construction will happen somewhere.
When we're thinking about what the climate impact of new construction is,
let's think about where it's going to have the most impact versus the least
impact.     I would argue that when new construction to accommodate
population growth happens in places like Palo Alto as opposed to, say,
building another Fresno or another urban sprawl community, that would
actually be environmentally beneficial for a couple of reasons. One, we
restrict urban sprawl here by protecting our open space—thank goodness—in
our Foothills and in the Baylands, so new construction here would be infill
which is more sustainable and environmentally friendly. Second we have
leading edge, state if not nation leading green standards for a new building.
We are continually improving our green building standards, and they don't
apply elsewhere. If we force construction to happen elsewhere, it's more
likely that it will be done with less green standards in construction than we
have here. That said, I think that making sure that we do as much salvage
as we can, that we continue to upgrade our green standards is important. A
couple of other comments. One, on Renewable Energy Certificates (REC),
renewable energy credits. This is something that we lay on pretty heavily
for achieving our net zero greenhouse gas, electricity portfolio. Some have
raised some concerns with me about whether this is truly the highest green
standard that we can be using.           I know in some discussions about
community choice aggregation in San Mateo County, they're working on
putting that project together. I think they're not looking to use RECs as
much as we use them here, maybe even not at all because they might not
be as green a standard as we might want to hold ourselves to in the future.
I'll put that out there for consideration.      One area that was actually
mentioned by one of our speakers—I think Ms. Sung mentioned this—is the
question of mandatory point of sale or at the time of sale requirements on
single-family homes in particular. That's something that I would probably be
very reluctant to adopt. Requirements around say auditing and having some
information for the future buyer of a home to understand what the
sustainability impact of the home they're buying is, that's, I think,
appropriate. I want to make sure that if somebody is, say, house rich but
income—we have actually quite a few people in Palo Alto who are below the
poverty level when it comes to their annual, but they have a lot of net
worth, but it's all tied up in their home. If they're trying to sell their home
and we tell them at some point, "You're going to need before you sell your
home," they'll say, "I won't have the money to do that until I sell my home
                                                                         Page 51 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
