                          TRANSCRIPT
highly here that a huge number of voters don't think we need the money,
and that we're vulnerable on that issue. If we can't clearly articulate what
our plan is for the money, I think we become more vulnerable on that. I
also noticed that some of the things, providing free transit passes to people
who work in Palo Alto and all that, whereas, those may have the strongest
frankly in reducing congestion as well as making a local ridesharing app,
which I strongly think we should do. Those things actually didn't poll very
well. The things we probably wouldn't be using the money for—unless we
were playing games and said, "We'll transfer money from here to there,"—
are things like Safe Routes to School and all of that. I'm just sort of
uncomfortable in moving in that direction. I'm also very uncomfortable with
the notion that we do have the VTA on the ballot. I think it's critical that the
VTA measure gets passed. I understand that we can poll to test that
possibly—how that affects it. I also worry that in our polling that we will
damage the VTA by doing further polling on the issuing. I worry about that.
I'm not really that interested, I think, in putting this on the 2016 ballot. I
am actually interested in putting it on the 2018 ballot or putting it, if we
could get a two-thirds major, earlier than that. I don't know if we could get
to that down the road, especially if we showed—also if we had strong
business community support, which we might actually get if we moved
forward. At least some of the business community has told me that they
want to see a bunch of transportation improvements. If we had a plan, that
might work to get that done.         That's my initial thoughts, but I'd be
interested to see what everyone else has to say.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think I kind of came pretty close to the same
place. My takeaway was we need to spend some time doing the education
in general. That's just going to take time. I think we need to really
prioritize the stress on our City budgets in general and the issue of fairness
for kind of the cost of impacts and who pays for them. It feels like we
should focus on a general tax but likely in 2018. Just kind of brainstorming
here a little bit, I'd like to explore, if we think about it in the framework of
2018, just the questions that seemed to resonate. The general idea of
fairness, impacts of business growth and the lack of a business tax. If we
talked about a General Fund tax that wasn't even necessarily dedicated to
transportation might actually poll higher.         The issues of housing, the
drought. We could use money for different things. I don't want to call it
playing games; I'm just basically balancing our revenue sources. Having
that additional money in the General Fund, it would let us fund
transportation plus other things. It might be another way to think about it.
I know we were thinking we were creating a nexus between impacts of
business to transportation. It might actually resonate with voters more that
                                                                        Page 122 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
