                           TRANSCRIPT
Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director: Brad Eggleston, Assistant
Director of Public Works. We haven't had the type of planning efforts that
were talked about at one point during the IBRC. You probably recall at one
point we had funding in place for a full study that was going to look at
relocation of the MSC and kind of highest and best use of land, potentially
other land uses there and relocating certain functions. That was actually
defunded about two years ago. Kind of our current strategy on the MSC,
we're actually moving forward with some projects to improve what we've got
there. Roof replacements, mechanical and electrical improvements that had
been on hold, things like that. There probably is some work to be done
along the lines of what you're saying as far as assessing equipment that's in
harm's way in case of flooding.

Council Member Berman: I'm forgetting the name of it, but it was kind of
the nerve operation center for the ...

Mr. Eggleston: The utilities control center?

Council Member Berman: Thank you, yeah. If memory serves me correct,
on the ground floor and kind of right in the path of the floodplain.

Mr. Eggleston:     I'm not very familiar with that facility, other than knowing
that it's there.

Council Member Berman: I don't remember—this was six years ago, so I
don't remember all the details either. I just remember that there seemed to
be—that should be an area of focus for us if we're going to be either
protecting things or retreating.      It sounds like we're making some
investments in the MSC to stay there in that footprint for a while longer.

Mr. Eggleston: Yes.

Council Member Berman: Got you. Didn't realize that. I think that's all the
questions I have for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:       You mentioned a $49 billion number.       Was that
just Palo Alto?

Ms. Struve: No, that was the Bay Area.

Council Member DuBois:       Do we know what the impact would be on Palo
Alto?

Ms. Struve: No, but I'm sure we could calculate it.
                                                                        Page 11 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
