                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. I want to make sure I heard those. Didn't you just
say it'd be $3,500 for a multifamily?

Mr. Farahmand: $1,200 for a single-family, $3,200 for multifamily and
$7,500 for nonresidential. That's our (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: You're saying a multifamily would be three times the cost to
implement these as a single-family.

Mr. Farahmand: Not per unit, for the building.

Council Member Schmid: If you paid (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. (inaudible) time out. Just a second. I don't know
how to relate to that. A multifamily could be anywhere from ...

Mr. Farahmand: This is an eight-unit multifamily building.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Schmid:        If you turn to Page 409, it says low-rise
multifamily, net cost $61,000. Packet Page 409, single family 5,000.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Schmid: They write the Packet Page right over ... Yeah,
29.

Mayor Burt: We're not mandating solar thermal.

Mr. Farahmand: Council Member, this is for one particular measure that we
studied, solar thermal hot water. Table 18, correct? We actually did not
find this measure to be cost effective, so it's not part of the Reach Code
package that we're presenting today.

Mayor Burt: While you're looking, let's go to Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll try and be real brief. My only concerns ever on
these things are whether or not they lead to a certain design on the
commercial side, given the community's concerns about what things look
like. When I read the packet page, I didn't seem to have any concerns, but
you said something that triggered a concern. You said it's basically a white
roof. If you wanted to do a Spanish-style building in Downtown Palo Alto,
could you still do it? I noticed the cool roof was like a really small
percentage. That was my concern, that you're not allowing that.


                                                                      Page 93 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
