                           TRANSCRIPT
think it's interesting to kind of take a look at the site in its existing state. As
it stands today, we've got the existing Museum kind of on this little sliver of
land up against the parking lot next to Lucie Stern. The Zoo is the blue,
dashed, outdoor zone, and it's kind of fitting right up against Walter Hays.
There is a significant amount of constraints on this site that we have to work
around, both that you can just observe from looking at this drawing, but
there's underground utility easements. We're working to respect the trees
as well as increase parking where possible, and then lastly respect the park
boundary to the greatest extent possible. How we did this was—in this site
plan diagram really this blue represents the building as it fits in and around
some signature trees. We have reconfigured the parking lot to expand and
open up. We've added additional parking spaces. We've eliminated the
driveway that's right up against the existing Junior Museum and Zoo and are
relying on an improved drive access in through here. We have preserved
some of the mature trees that I'll talk about in a second and improved sort
of the park entrance as you come into Rinconada Park. Diagrammatically
this shows you all of these constraints that we're up against. The red being
the parking as it moves in this direction.          The green being the park
boundaries that wrap around the Girl Scout building in the back side of the
park. This light blue zone is the utility corridor that we don't want to build
upon for budgetary reasons as well, as far as having to relocate utilities.
There are a few signature trees that we're looking to respect. One is this
dawn redwood that is situated right here at this knuckle where this entry
courtyard is. The dawn redwood tree dates back to—not this specific tree
obviously. The species dates back to the Jurassic period, I believe. There's
a very large pecan tree that we're looking to respect and integrate into the
design of the building. As we blow this up, to kind of walk you through,
probably the best way to look at the plan is through this diagram here. A lot
of the program is looking to really create space to support a lot of the
programs that exist today. We're talking about almost right-sizing the
facility.    As John mentioned, we want to get accreditation with the
Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA). That requires them to have a
certain amount of support space to support the exhibits within the Zoo
space. They want to create a modest amount of additional exhibit space for
the public, and then also a lot of back-of-house education space to support
the teachers and provide the necessary classroom spaces to really continue
the great programs that they have today. A main concept of this project,
though, is what's being titled "Loose in the Zoo." Whereas, today the
animals are in their own individual enclosures, the vision of the Friends and
John and this project is to net the Zoo and allow patron-friendly birds and
other animals—pretty much just birds, right?

Mr. Aiken: Right (crosstalk).

                                                                              Page 6 of 64
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/21/16
