  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

it is doable.   These things we see the technology advances and for
communities that will embrace the technology advances and invest in the
future we have some real opportunities toward sustainability.

So why also we have a City Climate Action Plan. And really why does it
matter? I hear these arguments that say well, if you were to measure Palo
Alto’s impact on the global greenhouse gas emissions well, frankly you can’t
measure it. So why does it matter? At the COP (Conference of Parties) 21
Conference where we had an international climate protection treaty by 193
nations which is almost certainly the most significant environmental
agreement in the history of mankind and we’ll look at that in history lessons
this was the first time that mankind began a process of addressing this dire
challenge of our generation. One of the leading initiatives over the previous
half dozen years that had driven the nations to come together and have a
treaty was the initiative of cities and private/corporate sector. And those
two sectors made the progress over the last half dozen years that drove and
shamed the national governments to come together on international
agreements and the United Nations (UN) acknowledged that this was a
major force. This shows that today we’re, we have most of the world’s
population in cities and it is within their power to have great change, but
also to be a driver on international agreements and change.

So that goes into how do we have that impact? And it’s not just doing our
share, but by being leaders Palo Alto as one of the first cities in the world to
have carbon neutral electricity has been used as a model. As having one of
the most aggressive programs on waste reduction we have an 80 percent
recycling rate of waste. One of the best in California and California leads the
country. In our next generation of activities to reduce our carbon footprint
from vehicles which now that we have clean electricity transportation is like
60 percent of our greenhouse gas emission. So the very same solution that
solves our traffic problem and solves our parking problem solves our
greenhouse gas emission problem and our air pollution problem.

So these things all get knitted together, the Transportation Element of our
Comprehensive Plan relates to our Sustainability and Climate Action Plan and
frankly when we talk about housing much of the resistance to housing
growing at a faster rate in the community was first about impacts on
schools. We now are seeing that we can build the sorts of housing that
won’t have major impacts on schools and meets the demand, but the other
big thing has been the impact on traffic and parking of just growing and
growing the population. We have the potential to reduce our car trips from
where we are today, not just to add population and not increase it
                                                                            Page 16 of 18
                                                                State of the City Address
                                                                                  2/24/16
