                         TRANSCRIPT
and his own qualities to the job of Mayor. Pat Burt, to me, is the person
who makes the word politician a compliment rather than an insult. He's the
one who says, "God, give me the grace to prevail and to fight for what I
believe in and to accept what I cannot change and the wisdom to know the
difference." I'm hoping that during this coming year I'll be able to change
your mind about some things that might not be possible. Housing, health
care, things that would be advantageous, that people aren't looking at in
exactly the right way. IF people got the health insurance on their Social
Security they way they were supposed to back in 1885 and they do every
place else, think of how much that would save the County and the City.
Thank you. Bye-bye.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Keith Bennett to be followed by Esther Nigenda.

Keith Bennett: Good evening, and congratulations on new positions. I'm
here on behalf of Save Palo Alto's Groundwater. I know that this issue will
be coming up before the full Council sometime this month. I wanted to give
comments now also in time for Staff to hear them, so that they can consider
our input as they formulate plans. Next slide. The first point, people have
said we should only be concerned about significant amounts of water. This
graph here gives the per capita allocation of the State water project for the
Santa Clara Valley Water District in 2017. It's 715 gallons. The amount of
water that was removed for basement construction dewatering of residential
basements in Palo Alto on a per capita basis last year was 1.27 times that. I
think it's a significant amount of water. Next slide. The other thing is
people have brought up that the water that we take out is not potable.
However, non-potable water can substitute and does substitute for potable
water in many applications. This is a flyer which we received recently; it
just indicates that Palo Alto does value non-potable water and gives rebates
for various containers to collect rainwater. The next thing I want to point
out is that the amount of water taken from beneath a house, based on 9
million gallons and a 10,000 square foot lot, is equivalent to a column of
water on that property of 120 feet deep. The point of this slide is that the
vast majority of that water is removed from under surrounding properties.
Next slide. The final point is Staff had suggested that a sheet pilling might
be a good method. It was brought up that sheet piling might be noisy. We
did some looking. There is at least one method known as the silent piler
method. It's a static hydraulic press-in method. The next thing is I'll show
you a short promotional video for this method, but it should be usable in
residential neighborhoods. That's it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Esther Nigenda.



                                                                       Page 20 of 23
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/4/16
