                          TRANSCRIPT

speaking on behalf of the subcommittee this evening. The first thing I
wanted to say is how excited we are to actually bring some product forward
to you. I know you've been waiting, and we've been producing, but here's
the first time you get to see one of our draft Elements. It's been seven
months of meetings, and it's the culmination of a lot of hard work and ideas
from some very, very smart people. One of those smart people is this guy,
Don, right here. I know you'll be delighted to hear from him. Tonight's
discussion, we wanted to share that work and get your feedback. If
possible, we'd love the feedback to be high level.              You will have
opportunities at future dates to get into more of a drafting mode or digging
deeper into policies and programs. If you choose to go there, we're happy
to take any comments that you may have. Just as a reminder, that process
will start next year related to bringing those items back once we've had an
opportunity to cross-connect the Plan, add language around sustainability
and otherwise help make it a consistent document. Any comments you give
tonight are obviously welcome. This is the schedule and process and
meetings that we've used to get to this point. Two full meetings of the CAC.
At the second meeting, they ceded drafting authority to the subcommittee.
The subcommittee met three times. Our Community Development Staff
participated and the Director and Assistant Director of Community
Development are here tonight. There was a lot of public comment. We had
90 comments from the public and 500 unique views of the draft Community
Services Element in our draft commenter. I want to take a few minutes
here. This is in your Staff Report. There was a series of themes that we
identified as worthy of discussion. The first being this idea of inclusion. The
CAC, in particular the subcommittee, wanted to make this the most inclusive
document as possible regardless of who you were. Whether you were
young, old, infirm, not, any kind of participation they wanted to make sure
that that occurred. You'll see reflected throughout the draft document this
idea of inclusion. The second one is participation in civic life. There's a lot
of pride in the people who serve on the CAC and the residents of this
community. They wanted people not only to know about what was going on,
but find ways to participate in those activities. The document does have
new ways to encourage people to be participating in the civic life that is Palo
Alto. Third is this vitality of the community. I think it's most specifically
suggested in the arts and culture section. It's been added to the document.
As we all know, this community has a lot going on. People are very, very
proud of it, so we wanted to more clearly make that apparent. Number 4,
better connection to the schools and what's happening in the schools.
Obviously there's some limitations in what a Comprehensive Plan can do
related to that. The CAC and the subcommittee felt as though that there

                                                                         Page 14 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
