                          TRANSCRIPT
primarily employee parking. It's about protecting the residents, whether we
go with a model like what we have in Downtown now in Phase 1 and
continue to expand that or the College Terrace version where it's really just
for residents only. Whichever type of residential permit parking system we
use, the goal is to protect the residents. The goal is to help the residents.
The goal is either in reaction to an existing problem or in anticipation of a
coming problem to protect the residents from negative impacts. That's the
goal. Let's make sure that whatever we do achieves that goal. The reason
why the stakeholder group and Staff proposed this expanded blue area, this
is an eligible area. This is an area where we say the residents in this area, if
they want to, can sign up for RPP. We're giving you an option to protect
your neighborhood if you want to choose that. I don't know if it was a
misunderstanding about what that's about, but I was surprised to hear
people so upset about being given the option, especially when there's an
option to opt out. I appreciate that Staff is clarifying that they would like to
make sure that the option to opt out is a renewed option. If you try it on
your street and you decide you don't like this after all—the double-edged
sword is cutting us harder, the medicine is worse than the disease—you
could opt back out. I think that that's important. I think that's important,
again, whatever kind of RPP a neighborhood ends up getting. I'm a little bit
torn about this question of—I should say I'm open minded—what kind of RPP
these other areas of Crescent Park or Professorville that are not yet part of
Phase 1. Whether when they opt in, should they get the existing Downtown
style RPP? Should they get the Crescent Park RPP? Should they be given
three choices, multiple choice? Do you want the Downtown style, do you
want the Crescent Park style or do you want nothing? I'm pretty open
minded about that. Happy to hear my colleagues' thoughts about that.
Sounds like the community's not necessarily unanimous. Again, this really
comes down to what does the neighborhood want. It is the goal of the City,
City Planners, City Council and the employers in Downtown—I feel bad for
the employees, but I think it's really incumbent upon the employers to really
limit their impact As I think most people know, I'm not the biggest advocate
of having to park every single potential employee with their own car on the
site of their building, because I don't think every employee needs to drive.
We need to prove that, and the employers need to prove that. That's what
the TMA is about. It's about, as Council Member Filseth said, this is the goal
of the TMA, this is the job of the TMA to reduce the traffic impact. One thing
I will say is I think we did probably make a mistake back in December in not
calling for the number of employee permits to reduce over time. Staff had
recommended that, and I think that was probably the right idea. I think
Staff was right about that. If it's not too late for us to reverse course on
that and go with what Staff had recommended back in December, that over
time the number of employee permits allowed on the streets should be
reduced. I think that's reasonable. I get that. This is also part of providing
                                                                        Page 100 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
