                          TRANSCRIPT
2013-2014, they came up with a two-tiered drought allocation, which
granted Palo Alto 11.4 acre feet per year.

Mayor Burt: Let's let Staff—at this hour; let's just get to answering the
question. Wait. We'll get the clarification.

James Keene, City Manager: We'll see if we can't answer the question or
should, since we are just referring it to another …

Council Member Schmid: I think the question is something for the Policy
and Services to look at. But the chief …

Mayor Burt: No, I think we can …

Council Member Schmid: The key question …

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager/Utilities General Manager: It's very
basic. It's a question of the permanent individual supply guarantee.

Mayor Burt: That's the proposal before us.

Council Member Schmid: From the 19.1 acre feet?

Mr. Shikada: That is correct. I'm not sure about the acre feet total. That
said, it is the provision of the individual supply guarantee that is enabled
under our agreement with SFPUC, a permanent transfer.

Council Member Schmid: Yeah. That's a no-brainer.

Mr. Keene: Thanks.

Mayor Burt:    We were able to clarify that.    Thank you.     Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just real quick. I think this is the right thing to do.
We got a lot of letters in favor of the concept. The Memo's really just asking
for discussion without prescribing a solution. One thing we might want to
discuss with East Palo Alto is maybe the idea of less groundwater pumping in
exchange for some of this water allocation. We share an aquifer. We're
concerned about sea level rise and saltwater intrusion. Another point I
wanted to make is we talk about jobs/housing balance a lot. It really is a
regional measure, and we're surrounded by a lot of housing-rich
communities. Enabling more housing to be built in East Palo Alto makes
sense for all of us, I think. The last point is there are other cities that have
excess allocations. Hopefully cities like Mountain View and others will follow
suit, and we won't be the only water transfer for East Palo Alto.
                                                                          Page 76 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
