                          TRANSCRIPT
effect. We know that we've been able to control that conversion from
happening. We've also found some provisions in the ordinance difficult to
administer. We've gotten a lot of questions particularly from property
owners like those that are listed in the Agenda report this evening, where
the properties are located not in the retail core but kind of in the outer areas
of the commercial districts. The interpretations that have been difficult have
related to this issue of nonconforming uses and to that term "permitted or
operating." Since adoption, we've also taken a number of steps to put
permanent retail protections in place.         Council adopted an ordinance
protecting retail uses in the California Avenue area. The Council adopted an
Ordinance as part of the big cleanup ordinance that closed a loophole that
was allowing conversions of ground-floor retail spaces in the CS, the CN and
the CC zoning districts. Those are two things that have already been
accomplished. In addition, we've begun the analysis that will lead to
preparation of a Downtown Ordinance. We've outlined a number of things in
the Staff Report that we think will be worth looking at in the context of that
review. Just getting to the administration of Interim Ordinance and the four
properties before you this evening for discussion, 100 Addison is the one
that's ripe for a decision on their request for waiver. There was a bunch of
correspondence including some that came in over the weekend on that
property. I'd be happy to answer questions about any of those issues.
There are three other properties. In the case of 3241 Park Boulevard,
there's an auto service use that the property owner is arguing was not
legally established; although, I think there's some question about that. 425
Portage Avenue, again there's a retail use at that location, which the
property owner is arguing was not legally established. In both of those
cases, retail and auto service are permitted uses, either permitted by by-
right or permitted with a use permit in the zoning district. The issue is that
the business owners didn't obtain the appropriate permits. In the case of
the auto service use, there was no use permit. In the case of the pet
warehouse, there was no variance for parking requirements. Finally, there's
the request from the property at 999 Alma Street, which was phrased as a
request for waiver, but it came in without supporting analysis or
documentation, which is what is required in the Interim Ordinance. It was
simply a statement of the property owner's objectives. We've provided that
to the Council for their consideration this evening. I have two...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Could you explain?

Ms. Gitelman: There was correspondence; it's in your Packet. It’s a request
for waiver from the property owner—it's actually the long-term leaseholder—
at 999 Alma Street. The Interim Ordinance calls for the Council to make
decisions on waivers after they're received by the Planning Director and
requires them to be supported by evidence including economic analysis. I'm
                                                                        Page 44 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
