                          TRANSCRIPT
of sustainability are going to be different if we change that 3:1 ratio. The
question is why isn't there a discussion here of what kind of impact it could
have on sustainability and on the cost of mitigating the problems created if
we have different levels of growth.

Mr. Friend: If I may, let me respond to that in two ways, Council Member
Schmid. There's not a detailed discussion of it in the S/CAP because there's
a detailed discussion of it underway with the Comprehensive Plan and with
measures that the Planning Department has brought to Council. There's
active debate about jobs/housing ratio and where we want to go. Because
that was a moving target and really beyond our ken, we didn't go into an
elaboration of the debate. What we did do is we analyzed a series of
scenarios looking at the greenhouse gas impacts of different jobs/housing
ratios that we might go to. We've put one in this Plan as a placeholder and
will bring back to Council those analyses so that you can factor that into
your deliberations about how you want to move on employment and housing
policy. My sense, frankly, is that it's not our job to propose a jobs/housing
ratio, but it is our job to give you our best professional assessment of what
the climate impact of different ratios might be.

Council Member Schmid: Yes. I guess that's what I look for in here, some
guidance as we deal with the Comp Plan choices to say there's a special
benefit in this level coming from our Sustainability Plan. That would be most
helpful. Water has been mentioned a number of times, and I will just put in
my comment that that's a critical issue area. I know the State Water Board
has just come out with a San Joaquin River impact on the delta that affects
our Tuolumne water supplies. The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission
(SFPUC) has come out and said during drought years, that plan would lead
to a loss of jobs, a loss not of new jobs but of the ability to sustain existing
jobs. That says something about we need to think about water. Again, it's
connected to our Comp Plan, how do we think about the creation of jobs that
has an impact not just on us but our neighbors who are the bedroom
communities for the jobs that we're supplying.          Look forward to that
connection.

Mr. Friend: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. It's been said, but thanks
to Staff for all the hard work that you guys have put in on this and to the
community members that have been so involved. It goes without saying the
importance of this document. I know we've got a big item to get to, so I'll
be brief. I know that communities around California and around the country

                                                                        Page 47 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
