                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm fine with that.

Council Member Wolbach: First is what we want to explore on Loma Verde.
The second is looking at money.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part A of the
Substitute Motion with:

A.    Direct Staff to return with bikeway improvements along Loma Verde
      Avenue with a preference for Class 4 Bikeway improvements; and

B.    Work with Santa Clara County to determine if the Santa Clara County
      grant funds can be used to create a Class 4 bike pathway along Loma
      Verde Avenue and if not, or the Loma Verde Avenue Path is
      determined to be infeasible, return to Council of where to use the
      grant money on Segments D, E, and F.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be honest; this one you might be less than
enthusiastic about. I'm ready to pull the plug on the creek. I'd suggest
removing return to Council of where to use the grant money on Segments D,
E and F.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not going to accept it. If you or other people feel
that way, you may want to make an Amendment and see how that votes.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll make that as a separate Amendment.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to remove from the Substitute Motion Part B, “if not or the
Loma Verde Avenue Path is determined to be infeasible, return to Council of
where to use the grant money on Segments D, E, and F.”

Council Member Wolbach: Just to speak to it. I mentioned earlier I was one
of the votes—the last time we studied this, the last time this came to
Council, I was one of the votes to say let's really look at this as closely as we
can. Let's give it the best chance we can. I think we've done that. I think
                                                                         Page 65 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
