                         TRANSCRIPT
got your back. I have here in my hand a petition. Please accept this
petition signed as of today by 2,009 people in the community urging your
approval of the partnership between the County of Santa Clara, your City,
and the County Housing Authority that will lead to saving Buena Vista. You
have received an e-copy of this as of today. I'm going to provide a hard
copy to the Clerk. We are very serious. We know the gravity of today. We
look forward to you approving this measure. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Our next speaker is Francesca Segre, to be
followed by Keri Wagner.

Francesca Segre:     Hi.   Good evening, Council Members, Mayor.          I'm
Francesca Segre here on behalf of Assembly Member Rich Gordon. I am
joined by Lisa Chung from Senator Jerry Hill's Office this evening. What I'm
going to do is read to you a letter that has been signed both by Assembly
Member Gordon, Senator Jerry Hill and then also Anna Eshoo, the member
of Congress. Ladies and Gentlemen, we write to congratulate you on the
emergence of a potential solution that prevents the eviction of 117 families
at the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park in Palo Alto. We also applaud the
willingness of the Housing Authority to consider partnering with the City and
the County to acquire and improve the park. As your effort continues, we
look forward to working with the Housing Authority and the park's nonprofit
operator to see if we can identify State or Federal funds to assist with your
efforts. We are pleased that you are proceeding down a path that permits
400 residents to stay in their homes, preserves and improves 117 units of
affordable housing for the community, and ensures that the current property
owners receive full and fair market value for the property. Thank you on
behalf of Anna Eshoo, Jerry Hill and Richard Gordon. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Keri Wagner, to be followed by
Erwin Morton.

Keri Wagner: Hi. I'm Keri Wagner, Vice President (VP) Leadership for the
Palo Alto Council of Parent-Teacher Associations (PTAs). Our President,
Susan Usman, couldn't be here tonight. The PTA Council is the umbrella
organization for all 17 school PTAs in the Palo Alto Unified School District.
We voted in January 2013 to support the residents of Buena Vista. I'd like
to thank School Board Members Heidi Emberling and Terry Godfrey for
coming tonight to support Buena Vista. I'd like to read a letter from our
President, Susan Usman, which was published in the San Jose Mercury last
week.     PTA, California's largest and oldest all-volunteer advocacy
organization for children is proud to support the new plan to preserve,
acquire and improve the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park in Palo Alto. More
than 100 very low income Palo Alto students and their families in the park

                                                                       Page 32 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
