                          TRANSCRIPT
recently as June 1st, would you just pick up there and jump to the second
letter, which is the second paragraph?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was going to. I was going to jump to the second
letter and say that "notwithstanding the following" or some language.

Council Member DuBois: Just pick up "amendments published as recently."

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, we could do that. That's fine.

Council Member DuBois: Is that clear?

Mayor Burt: Should we say "at a minimum, the following changes should be
made"? So that we don't ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, I think so too.

Mayor Burt: ... limit ourselves subsequently to that.

Council Member DuBois: Just if I could wrap up for a second. Again, I think
this is moving; we should get a letter in. The State's not going to wait for
us. I would like to point out, I think there are—again, I feel like our State
government feels like they need to act. There's this rush to act. I don't
think this has been particularly thought through. These initial paragraphs
that talk about integrity of local government and restricting design review is
shortsighted, I think are really important to get in there. We're not talking
about it tonight, but there's at least four other bills that are also along these
lines that I think we need to continue to monitor and be prepared to respond
to. Those are Assembly Bill (AB) 2299, 2406, 2501 and Senate Bill (SB)
1069. They're all in a similar vein. I appreciate us putting this letter, and I
think this combination is really the best approach.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth, you wanted to speak to the motion?

Council Member Filseth: Without wanting to sort of wordsmith this to death,
the two proposed amendments, how about we position those as "for
example"? It's not necessarily these are our minimum, we'd be okay with
no more, but we think there's a bunch of things it needs and here's two
examples, but there's more.

Mayor Burt: We'll wait until Vice Mayor Scharff gets back on that. Council
Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Kind of everything that I was going to say has
been said. I think we're striking the right balance between symbolism and
effectiveness. Just saying we reject this and don't agree with it, the
                                                                             Page 45 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
