                          TRANSCRIPT
lucky bachelors. It would be nice for them to have dinner with their family
once in a while, welcome as the company of their fellows may be. The third
thing is the Floor Area Ratio (FAR). The appearance of these buildings in the
City is so important to keeping Palo Alto the beautiful City that it is. On that
particular fire station, we've all passed it many times. It's surrounded by
Rinconada Park. In fact, the other site also. It's appropriate also that a
public building be higher than an ordinary building. You could really very
easily build a beautiful set of apartments, really first cabin, nice apartments,
gorgeous apartments, for all of our firemen. It would save you money in the
long run. It really would. Give that some thought. It's an opportunity that
you've got. The situation of not affordable housing has been building and
building for 50 years. Carpe diem. You've got to take the land where you
can get it. Thanks very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Munoz: Build those houses.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is the Sturino family.

Sturino Family: I actually have a lot less to say than I thought because we
got a nice compliment from the Fire Chief for the previous work that the
neighborhood had done. We live on Middlefield Road. Thanks for the
reinforcement of the effort that went into the research. One of the things I
would ask is whether or not the software use also takes into account foot
traffic. On Middlefield Road, there is more foot traffic than in the other
locations. Our concern is more about the safety, because it is already a very
tricky spot to negotiate when you're taking your children across the street to
the school. Especially concerning since this guy and his brother got hit one
time while crossing the street over to Addison. Putting more of a situation
right in that area, which is already congested both with cars and people,
didn't seem like a great idea to us. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Thui Tran, to be followed by
our final speaker, Herb Borock.

Thui Tran: Hello. I'm also a neighbor of the Middlefield site and one of the
authors of the letter that's included in the Report. Thank you for your kind
words. I just wanted to highlight a couple of things from our letter. First,
this section of Middlefield is a two-lane road. Whenever there's traffic on
101, traffic spills over onto Middlefield, and that whole section from Lincoln
all the way to Embarcadero is stopped. I included a photo of that in the
letter. We think that when these traffic incidents happen it actually will be
harder for the emergency vehicles to respond to emergencies, trying to
leave from that location. Secondly, there's absolutely no buffer around the
                                                                        Page 37 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
