                         TRANSCRIPT
options for the people who are parking in the neighborhood. Some options
with regards to this petition would be to evaluate and implement
engineering, enforcement and TDM options in conjunction with the School
District and to monitor for a possible future RPP program. A second option
would be to combine with Evergreen Park and implement one large RPP
program. A third option would be to create a freestanding Southgate RPP
program through a stakeholder process. Finally the fourth petition before
you is for the Evergreen Park neighborhood. Evergreen Park residents
request annexation into the existing College Terrace resident permit-only
RPP district. The resident attribute the weekday parking overflow to the
neighboring businesses, Caltrain commuters and Stanford faculty, staff,
students and visitors. The neighboring businesses there would be the
California Avenue business district. Residents cite safety concerns with
regards to the local bike routes.       Evergreen Park residents also self-
organized and did an occupancy count and noted primarily high levels of
parking along El Camino and streets that are nearest to the Cal. Ave.
business district. Policy implications for a program in Evergreen Park is
again resident-only permits would not address the causes of the parking
intrusion. Again, vehicles may move elsewhere. Engage stakeholders and
community to create a program that includes both an RPP element and TDM
options. Explore parking management strategies to most efficiently utilize
the existing supply in the California Avenue district and to support the local
businesses on Cal. Ave. Options with regard to the Evergreen Park petition
would be to annex into the existing College Terrace RPP as requested. To
implement an Evergreen Park RPP program with a stakeholder group and
parking management options. A third option would be to combine with
Southgate and implement one large RPP program. Following our discussion
with the PTC on April 27th, Staff returns tonight with at-places memo that
contains this estimated resource impact table that replaces Table 2 in the
Staff Report. PTC requested additional information regarding the estimated
capital and operating expenses related to the RPP district. Here we've
broken out estimated capital expenses and estimated operating expenses for
each of the four RPP petitions that are before you. These are very back of
the envelope estimates, so please take that into consideration.           The
proposed budget in the Fiscal Year '17 budget that will be before the Finance
Committee, etc., shortly includes $30,000 in the proposed capital budget for
in-house staff and also $300,000 in the proposed capital budget for capital
expenditures. There's a $50,000 line item in the proposed operating budget
for planning of RPP programs.        Those are the funds that have been
proposed. You can the estimated funds for both capital and operating
expenditures for each of the programs. Again, we went to the PTC on
April 27th, and the motions that came out of that passed 5-0, that all
programs should be prioritized for funding and implemented in the following
order.    Southgate and Evergreen were both first priority, followed by
                                                                       Page 68 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
