                          TRANSCRIPT
answered that; we can deal with that later. I haven't been exposed to the
golf course much, so I wasn't really sure where profits go if we have them. I
support the project, and I'm glad we're going with Scenario 1.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I also wanted to thank you, Rob. I know it's been a
long haul. I think you've persevered and done a great job on keeping this
moving forward in a reasonable way given the challenges we've faced with
the permitting, which I don't think was anyone's fault here. I think it was
really a stroke of lightning out of the sky kind of thing. I think that also
argues why we should go with Option 1, frankly. It's really an unusual
situation that we've faced here. I concur with all the comments that you
don't really want to start this in a deep hole. I'm really glad we're going
with Option 1. I think I've played golf like five times in my life. I think I've
always enjoyed it. Maybe I'll go play here. Maybe I'll ask Karen to go play
golf.

Mr. Keene: I think the whole Council and former Council Members, we
ought to have a little tournament when it opens up.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we do opening day?

Mayor Burt: I'm going to support the Motion. I actually was open-minded
to Option Number 2. I think when we look at the projections, this is
essentially our mean projection. It shows significantly positive cash flow
after the second year. The difference of supporting an extra $100,000 a
year in debt service does not look like it's a stretch. It would repay us so
that we would have more funds for other infrastructure projects that we're
committed to. Those are reasons that I would have been open to Option 2.
Let's go ahead and vote on the board. That passes unanimously with
Council Member Berman absent. Thank you all very much. Glad we were
able to squeeze it in tonight.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Berman absent

Mr. de Geus: Mayor Burt, we will try and organize—the golf course will be
closed July 1st.  We'll see if we can get folks out there for a little
groundbreaking ceremony, if you're around in July.




                                                                        Page 113 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
