                          TRANSCRIPT
Chair of the Parks and Rec Commission, Ed Lauing, if he would like to say
something. Here he is.

Ed Lauing, Parks and Recreation Commission Chair: Thank you, Rob. It's
been quite a collaborative venture and adventure so far, and it will continue
to be so. It's been very intense particularly on the chapter that you're going
to study most tonight. There's a lot of content there that's gone through
months and months and months and months. That's in pretty good shape.
The other stuff, as stated, is still in draft format. I don't want to repeat
things that Rob said. I just want to call out a couple of points. One is that
we really want to have as much as possible a data-driven Plan. As you
know, all data is not created equal, but it comes from different sources and
you can make different conclusions from it. To do that overall, we think that
to set the priorities correctly, we have to be able to make a distinction, as
was put up there, between needs and opportunities. The needs are really
the gaps that Rob referenced in services and facilities. Also, the growth
trends are really important for us to consider. When we have good hard
data like that and we see that, as in page 35 of your document that you got,
population is going to grow by 27 percent in three years, that means 18,000
more people are coming to our parks in the next two decades. We need to
respond to that. If we see that seniors are already 17 percent of our
population and growing and they don't want to move, then that's good hard
data that says we have to address that. Those are gaps and needs. The
opportunities are—Staff did an amazing job of doing reach out to public
using a lot of different input tools on what community preferences were and
are. If you put it all together, we got up to about a percentage of people
answering or giving input. Don't have a calculation if there's overlap there
and it was really only ten people, but we don't think it was. Of course, that's
a small sample size, but we got great, terrific input that is very usable, but
it's a different kind of data. It's qualitative data from a number of people as
it's detailed in your packet, that's just not the same as quantitative data but
still actionable. The idea is we have to keep these differences in mind
between what's really a need and an opportunity as you go forward,
particularly anticipating the next phase of this and the prioritization. Very
briefly, as you noticed we say we have enough data now on dog parks. It's
an actual need. By doing surveys, we know that. It's a community
preference, and there's population growth. We can move on that now; we
don't have to wait another four months. Something else, like the 10 1/2
acres, as Vice Mayor Scharff said when the golf course was approved, we've
just created 10 1/2 new acres of property in Palo Alto. We have, and it's
fragile and it's limited. We want to proceed a little bit more cautiously on
that to make sure we get it right. We don't want to just unload the backhoe
out there and get going on something. Those are my two overall comments.
The only other one is that there will be expensive things that you should still
                                                                         Page 7 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
