                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We'll all hear each other. That's okay. Go ahead.

Council Member Wolbach:         I was just going to keep going with my
comments. I am much more interested in exploring Loma Verde. I think
that—as I was just confirming with Staff earlier, just the distances. Loma
Verde, as I mentioned before, is halfway between Oregon Ave. and Meadow
approximately. That's a good location for a midway point. It's only half of a
mile from the Adobe Creek bridge that we're going to be putting in to
connect to the Baylands and also to businesses in North Bayshore in both
Palo Alto at that end and in Mountain View. I think there's an important
nexus there. I'll mention that Loma Verde is pretty wide. It's much better
than Colorado. Colorado is obviously too narrow to do something like this
on. As we discussed before, Loma Verde is not as wide as Meadow, so we
wouldn't do it exactly like we're doing it on Meadow. There is a downside if
we end up taking out parking on one side of the street. I've mixed feelings
about that. I think we can do something with Loma Verde. Loma Verde
already has bike lanes, so we already encourage people to ride their bicycles
on Loma Verde. Loma Verde, because of its width and especially between
Middlefield and Bayshore, there are only three stop signs. Because of that
infrequency of stop signs and the width on Loma Verde, it's very tempting
for drivers to drive fast. I know this because I drive that road almost every
day, whether by car or by motorcycle. It takes a lot of mental work to
remind myself to slow down, because it's so tempting to go fast. We know
that the engineering, the design of streets encourages people to drive a
certain speed. If it's wide open and you don't have very many stops, it
really encourages people to go fast. Whether it's through some changes in
the striping or something else that Josh was referring to earlier—I'd love to
hear more thoughts about that tonight—or if it's through a Class IV,
separated bike lane, if it creates a slightly narrower street and a sense of a
narrower street, I think that would actually help reduce the frequency of
speeding traffic on Loma Verde and would increase the safety. I'd like to
hear the Staff's thoughts on that. I am worried about the safety on Loma
Verde right now, where we already have bike lanes because of the design of
the street. What I'm tempted to think we ought to do is just focus on Loma
Verde. Any future exploration should really be around the question of how
do we improve bike safety and improve biking and encourage biking on
Loma Verde, whether that's through a Class IV or some other alternatives
that Staff recommends. That's where I am at this point on this project. I'd
be curious to hear—I'm sorry I didn't ask for this specifically earlier. You did
mention earlier that maybe we could do something else besides a Class IV
on Loma Verde. Could we get a little bit more, if you have any thoughts
about that at this point?


                                                                         Page 42 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
