                          TRANSCRIPT
wait for the Comp Plan. I see the R&R zone and the teacher housing as
more Comp Plan-types of ideas. I'd like to see the Citizens Advisory
Committee (CAC) really pick up on this issue of recovering housing and
maybe discuss it and see what they think about this idea of short-term
rentals, businesses in neighborhoods and empty houses. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I think we've had a lot of good thoughts tonight. I'm going to
add a few of my thoughts. We haven't really zeroed in on whether we want
any of these initiatives to precede the completion of the Comp Plan.
Colleagues really haven't spoken specifically to that. We're going to need to
think about what our process might be going forward. Let me just offer a
few of my comments. On accessory dwelling units, we've had them in my
neighborhood, got them all over the place, principally in alleyways. They
really are well integrated in the fabric of the neighborhood. I am sensitive to
this newer problem which is how we contend with those becoming short-
term rentals if we expand that. I think the two things are going to have to
be dealt with hand in hand. On micro units, my wife and I—actually the first
place we rented in Palo Alto was in College Terrace. We didn't think it was a
micro unit. It was half of a small duplex, but it was about 400 square feet,
and we lived there almost four years. We had parties in the park; we didn't
have them in the home. Other than that, it's not unbearable especially for
young couples or singles. Whether they're in Downtown areas or elsewhere,
I don't think this is really a bizarre concept. In the Downtown area, I think
the one thing if we want to see them built, we'll need to look at the parking
requirements, because that drives so much of the housing. It's one of the
benefits of having implemented the Residential Permit Parking. Up until
then, whether we might have been able to prove or be convincing that in
theory the parking could be reduced for certain types of units at certain
locations, if they were under-parked, they could just get spilled over into the
neighborhoods, we'd still have a big problem. I think that we should prohibit
residential permit sales for all development in the Downtown areas. That's
both commercial and residential; they're just ineligible. I think that would
be one of the best things to do. Right at the outset, it's an easy call. I don't
think there's any legal constraints on that. Maybe the City Attorney can loop
back to us later on that. I think that's easy to do. Then we get into a
serious discussion about what is appropriate parking. A lot of folks actually
don't realize that we have some of these examples already existing in our
Downtown area. The one that comes to my mind is Alma Place, which is a
single-room occupancy. It was built now 18 years or so ago. It's also
essentially a co-housing unit. They have minimal—a microwave or whatever
in the rooms. The rest is shared. I went in their garage and hadn't checked
it out in a while. I recalled it was under-parked. Hillary, I don't know if you
know how many units are at Alma Place.

                                                                         Page 92 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
