                          TRANSCRIPT
from February of this year; we're up to about 0.5 trips per day per bike
which is pretty good. I think one of the things about bike share is that it
takes a little bit of time to attract members and attract the type of usage
that we want to see. There also has not been a lot of marketing done of our
system. I think whatever we decide to do in the future, we should look at
increasing our marketing efforts. One of the interesting things that did come
from the data—you'll see this in the attachment to your Staff Report—is
there's quite a few folks who have bike share memberships in San Francisco,
and they come to Palo Alto and use our system because it's interoperable
currently today. That goes to the fact that people are using it as a Caltrain
last-mile solution. This is our station data. We have five stations. As you
would expect, the Palo Alto Caltrain station has the highest number of trips
beginning at that location. That's 99 per month. There's not a lot of trips
happening on the weekends. Again, this looks like it's being used by
commuters during the week. When you look at the spider map—there's
actually a spider map that's released monthly by Metropolitan Transportation
Commission (MTC) that shows where the trips are originating and
terminating. Our largest trip segment is from the Palo Alto Caltrain station
to the bike share station at University and Cowper. That's actually the
farthest point you can actually ride from a Caltrain station. I think that's
why you see that trip pair. It’s a little bit too far to walk quickly. The other
stations are generally clustered around the stations. If we were to move
forward, I think if we were able to increase the distance folks can travel from
Caltrain, I think we'd see higher performance. As you'd expect when you
look down at it, it's really about land use and number of stations within the
service area. San Francisco has a huge number of stations in a rather small
service area. When folks use bike share, they want to know that they're
going to have a station relatively close to where they're going. You're
probably just going to walk if you have to park your bike share four blocks
away from your destination, and then walk four blocks anyway. Back in
2015 as the pilot was about to start tapering off, MTC and Motivate—that's
the current operator of the Bay Area Bike Share—entered into an agreement
to dramatically expand the Bay Area Bike Share Program to 7,000 bikes
which will make it one of the largest systems in the entire United States.
That will be entirely privately funded; however, they're only expanding in
San Francisco, Berkeley, Oakland and San Jose. The Peninsula cities were
kind of left to fend for ourselves. We were given a term sheet, which is
included in your packet, basically outlining the costs that we would need to
cover in order for the Bay Area Bike Share system, the current five-station
system, to continue operating in Palo Alto. Back in October 2015, MTC
allocated some funding to SamTrans to do a Peninsula Bike Share Study.
They partnered with Palo Alto, Redwood City and Mountain View to look at
what the options are for those three Peninsula cities post-June 30th when
the Bay Area Bike Share pilot ends. This study is still underway. A lot of
                                                                            Page 5 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
