                          TRANSCRIPT
thresholds of significance that were used, is it our current City thresholds?
The reason I'm asking is because—can the appendices also be put online? I
don't have a port for a CD in my computer.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Holman. I think the appendices
are online. If they're not, of course, we can remedy that. One of the
appendices does outline the significance thresholds that have been used. I
apologize if you haven't been able to get to that somehow. I'll check on that
and make sure it's up there, online.

Council Member Holman: I looked a few times. It still isn't up there from
my discovery. Are we using our current?

Ms. Gitelman: The appendix explains what thresholds are used. We've tried
to use the current thresholds, the ones that were adopted by Council back
in—I don't remember quite how long ago. There have been some that we
had to adjust based on changes in guidelines at the regional agencies and
other changes in law and practice, and some that were just adjustments
based on the fact that this is a plan and not a project. It's a little different
than a project. I encourage you to review that appendix. I'll make sure you
get access to it. If you have specific questions about why this threshold and
why not that one, happy to answer those.

Council Member Holman: The bigger question is we could change. This
would be a good time if we were going to. This would be an appropriate
time, I would think, to change what we use to review performance at
intersections.

Ms. Gitelman: We have included in the EIR analysis, as I'm sure you've
seen, a number of metrics related to level of service, vehicle miles traveled,
vehicle miles per capita and a whole bunch more. The Council could
certainly give us direction to use an alternate metric. We could assess what
the impacts of that would be on our contracts and schedule.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. In the presentation referenced earlier
and otherwise, I'm not clear how an EIR would analyze aspirational goals.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. I'm really asking what the
Council would like to include in the Comp Plan itself. What I'm hoping is if
the Council has some goal, some idea of what you think we should do in
terms of turning around this trend we see in the jobs/housing balance, this
would be a great time for us to know that so that we could include it in the
Land Use and Community Design Element and in the work that we're going
to do with the CAC on policies and programs in the Land Use Element. It
would also help us define what this fifth scenario could be. What the goal is
                                                                          Page 17 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
