                           TRANSCRIPT
application and the plans that are before you tonight—the Council may have
a different perspective on this—this is an area where people are dropping off
their cars, and the cars are getting whisked away to the upper levels. The
service operation is taking place inside the building. You get out of your car;
you go into the building; you sit down at the desk; you have your exchange
with the sales person; and you take the shuttle or however you're getting to
whatever your place is. We did not consider this area, which is not
substantially enclosed by exterior walls, to be considered a sales or service
area. You're dropping off your car, and you're going in to take care of your
sales activity. Again the Council may have a different perspective.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's an exclusion, right?

Mr. Lait: That's the part I was reading, the exclusion for that area.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Mr. Levinsky left out the part about the exclusion.

Mr. Lait: I just don't see it in the letter.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Did you get a chance to look at—Number 3 takes care
of that. What about Number 1? Did you get a chance to look at that?

Mr. Ah Sing: I'm just checking with the applicant. As I mentioned in my
presentation, the 0.2 FAR represents 20,000 square feet. My understanding
was that the applicant was using 16,000 square feet. Is this letter is true—
we can verify those things—that 4,000 square feet would be covered under
that 20,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff: He only used 16,000 out of the 4,000, so the rest of it
is there. (crosstalk)

Mr. Ah Sing: Right. That would be covered there. The other issue—
jumping around. Number 4 would be inaccessible loading area. There are
two loading berths that are identified on the project site plan. The other
loading berth is kind of close to the intersection of Embarcadero Road and
Bayshore Road. There's sufficient room there to put a loading berth if the
other one isn't deemed to be adequate circulation. You could have those
two be side by side. That's actually close to the delivery of the vehicles.
There's a bay of doors along Embarcadero Road, where the merchandise
would be loaded anyway. That's a potential spot for that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's a potential what?

Mr. Ah Sing: That's a potential spot for that other loading berth. You could
have side-by-side loading berths.

                                                                          Page 104 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
