                         TRANSCRIPT
you could get to the point where you really were more comfortable with
delegating it, I do think the committee setup a lot of times does engender a
better conversation in ways, just the nature of the interchange and sitting
around the table and more back and forth than the Council. That's more up in
you guys' bailiwick as to how comfortable you are in delegating to a committee.

Council Member Kniss: I toss that out just for our consideration. If we're
willing to give the committees more responsibility and speak up less ourselves
at an actual Council meeting, I think that might be some goal we could have
towards streamlining.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought your comments, Mayor, were interesting about
we haven't taken anything off the list when we do this. One of the difficulties
we have is we have so many items that come before us. I look at our
schedules and I say to myself how are we going to get this finished by 11:00.
We have so many items. Staff seems overly optimistic a lot on these items. I
know we're going to go longer. I'll just throw that out. One of the things we
could do is we could put everything but public hearings on Consent, and then
you could basically have to say three Council Members would have to pull it off
Consent if we wanted to discuss it. Between that notion and what we do now
may also be a possibility in terms of how do we get more items heard and dealt
with that are the noncontroversial items. They're the items that are more
routine but don't necessarily fit into our protocols about why they're on
Consent. Some items I look and I go, I know that's getting a 9-0 vote right
away. There are other considerations. I know there are. There may be the
public wants to weigh in on stuff, and they want us to have a discussion. There
are other reasons. We either have to have more meetings. We either have to
be more streamlined. I don't know if other people have noticed, but every
Retreat we've now had since—I don't know—at least since I've been on the
Council in 2010. You've been on 2008. We've talked about how do we keep
those meetings shorter. I mean every single Retreat. Obviously streamlining
it, doing it, I lose a little faith in it. One of the things I think works better,
frankly, from a time point of view but we lose something in it is you go directly
to Council Member comments, questions and motions as opposed to let's do
questions, then let's do comments, then let's do motions. It may be a better
discussion if you do it that way, and I think it is actually, but it takes a lot
longer because everyone does another round. These are all balances of how
we're going to do this. We started the meetings at 7:00 when I first got on
Council. We had a big fight about it, and we moved to 6:00. Now we routinely
start at 5:00. Liz mentioned 3:00. We could. You could basically take all of
the Study Session items and say let's do the Study Sessions starting at 2:00 in
the afternoon. If Council Members can or can't make it because they have their
                                                                         Page 71 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
