                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Just to speak. We would expect—we would make our best effort
to put as much kind of clear definition into this possible fifth scenario that
would allow the Council to more specifically modify it as you would want to,
so that we get an even better sense of what that jobs/balance or what those
population to jobs numbers might be, as far as drivers.

Council Member DuBois: To the degree you did with the other scenarios,
right. I guess we're not going to see details on those until three weeks from
now.

Mr. Keene: I think that these numbers allowed people to draw up all kinds
of conclusions really quickly. We ought to at least get to that point also.

Ms. Gitelman: We won't have analyzed the Fifth Scenario, but we'll try and
bring you enough information and dialog about what elements it could
contain to make sure that we get a consensus or direction from a majority of
the Council.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That was actually the question I wanted to clarify. The
way I see this—I just want to clarify we're on the same page—is you will
move forward, get us the DEIR on the same schedule you were planning
before. We may come earlier in terms of a meeting at the end of February.
In terms of a Fifth Scenario, you're not going to delay the DEIR for this.
You'll do as much work as reasonably possible—I don't mean you're going to
spend all night—with whatever information you can. Once we get the DEIR,
I was thinking there may be other scenarios rather than this Fifth Scenario
that we want to look at. I think this is one of the scenarios we look at as a
fifth. After we read the DEIR, there may be other scenarios we want to look
at, and I don't want to limit us and say we're only going to do these five
scenarios. My vision of this always was we get all of these, and then we mix
and match to some extent. I noticed and I think the whole structure of
this—Council Member Holman's question seemed to misunderstand that
actually a little bit, when you mentioned in the one scenario there is the—
what did you say again that was? I don't want to put words in your mouth.
There was the one scenario where you were concerned that it says we do
something.

Council Member Holman: The Second Scenario, for instance, seemed kind of
a false choice to me because it doesn't talk about any grade separations.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's the part I want to adjust. They put a bunch of
stuff in different scenarios; the point is we study it in a programmatic EIR.
Therefore, it's not a false choice because you're not going to accept a
                                                                           Page 100 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
