                         TRANSCRIPT
the last couple of decades. We have been using a ratio of four jobs to 1,000
square feet. That Plan Bay Area ratio was using something close to 5.8, 5.9.
Now, maybe there are reasons for that, but I think it's very important as we
focus on Scenarios 5 and 6 that the Council understand the assumptions
being made in Scenario 5 and 6. Before the consulting contract is done,
before it goes out for public comments, it would be important that Staff
share with Council what their assumptions are about Scenarios 5 and 6 and
the relationship between parking and square footage.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly, we have at our places the Santa Clara
County Healthy Cities conference. I would encourage everyone to go. It is
one of our Priorities that we have as a healthy city. I will also be on one of
the panels on tobacco.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'd just like to maybe clarify my feelings about
what Council Member Schmid said. I think on Scenario 5, which was the
lower office space, my intent was that meant lower jobs. I think that was
the intent of the Council. I think there's concern that it's going to the
consultants with the same number of jobs but less office square footage. It
would be a shame to do all that work, that Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) work, and have that come back. If we need to clarify that intention,
we should do that. I thought Council was fairly clear that we were exploring
the bounds of the different scenarios. That was a scenario with less office
space and, therefore, less jobs.

Council Member Holman: Can I just chime in there? Since I was the maker
of that Motion, I absolutely concur with what Council Member DuBois just
said.

James Keene, City Manager: Just real quickly. We're going to be within the
month to the Council on the Land Use Element of the Comp Plan. I would be
hoping that some of that conversation sort of (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: The concern is if you have a consultant working on
it and to finish the work and come back and be out of sync.

Mayor Burt: Just want to mention a couple of things. This evening, Council
Members Holman, DuBois and I were at our second annual veterans event.
I won't …

Council Member Berman: Schmid and I were there too.
                                                                        Page 89 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
