                          TRANSCRIPT
Olympics. It's in the sports section. It shows that in the Rio Olympics the
women's marathon goes past a very prominent Public Art piece. This is a
Rwandan runner. It's a Matthias Hangst photograph, Getty Images. It
shows very prominently a large piece of art I'd never heard of. Frank
Stella's Puffed Star II, I think it's called. I'm actually saying the opposite in
that we have some wonderful pieces. I don't know their Frank Stella
compares to our Fletcher Benton or our Bruce Beasley. People think of
Bruce Beasley as many times polished steel, but ours is granite. I'm saying
we don't necessarily need the world class, home run art piece. We have
wonderful art. We have 200 pieces or maybe 44 sculptures and 200 rotating
pieces or something like that as the Staff Report says. I think our art is very
appropriate for our community. There's also this sense that I was interested
to hear how it proceeds tonight in terms of in the local press, not the New
York Times, but the local press was sort of playing this up about the
controversial pieces or the ones that they don't like. There was a local
woman, Jessica Roth, quoted contrary to the tone of the local press. I agree
with her 100 percent. I know her personally. I don't think she minds me
mentioning her. The pieces that cause dispute or cause arguments or cause
criticism; the discussion of the pieces become part of the fabric of the
community. The pieces are part of the fabric of the community. Our
respective views on it become part of the piece. The conversation becomes
part of the piece. I don't think we want a piece that is such an amazing
piece that it's unveiled, and 60,000 Palo Altans and 100,00 day workers all
feel exactly—they know exactly what it means, and 100 years from now
everyone will be saying the exact same thing about it. That wouldn't be art.
It'd be a monument or something like that. I think it's good to have things
that we have differing views on. I think the conversation and the differing
views are what art is all about and what makes our Palo Alto our Palo Alto.
Hats off to the team here of Rhyena and Elise and Barbara, et al. Thank you
for doing this.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council. Before us is a
Staff recommendation that we review and approve the Public Art Master
Plan. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, thank you for all the hard work. It's
really exciting. I'm looking forward to finding art in unexpected places. I
had a few questions you guys hopefully can answer. This is a ten-year Plan,
I think. How will updates come to Council? Will we see progress over the
ten years?

Ms. Halpern: We come to you every year with an update, basically a Study
Session on public art. We'll be constantly, annually giving you updates.
This fall in September, we have a Public Art Commission retreat where we'll
                                                                          Page 69 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
