                          TRANSCRIPT
friends are having children, but zero of my friends in the Bay Area feel
financially stable enough to have children at this point It's not because they
don't have jobs. They all have really good jobs. It is the cost of housing
that is requiring that they change their timelines of their life, because it's
such a big crisis. The fact that Palo Alto hasn't reached their RHNA numbers
in the past few decades suggests a willful ignorance of the problem. You
guys talked about your track record a couple of times. I think that this is a
very good opportunity to step away from that track record, give a little
distance from it and start a new record of building housing and taking this
problem seriously. The issue that we have in the Bay Area is one that many
cities would kill to have. We have so many jobs. This is just a such
desirable place. Everyone wants to be here. We've screwed it up for
decades, because we have not built enough places for people to live. I also
urge you to move quickly on this matter, because right now it's easy to get
banks and developers to invest in building here. That's not going to last
forever. I distinctly remember the dot com bubble bursting and remember
that no one wanted to build here for a couple of years. Thank you for
listening and please build more housing.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Daniel Camp, to be followed
by William Macrae.

Daniel Camp: Good evening. My name's Daniel Camp. I'm a renter in the
area. I want to say that right now I'm getting completely screwed by the
shortage of housing here. I want you to focus on Scenario 5, and I want it
to include as much housing as we can humanly accommodate. You really
should be doing at least double the amount of housing that's indicated in
Scenario 4, which I think was the RHNA requirements. I'm not a huge fan of
the RHNA requirements honestly, because I think they're rounded down by
political pressure by a lot of cities up and down the Peninsula who think that
someone else should take care of all the population growth, not us. Also,
the RHNA numbers do not account for the existing housing deficit that Palo
Alto and the cities near it have. To give you an idea of what your housing
deficit is, I did some googling before I came up here. The median home
price in Palo Alto is $2.5 million. The median income is $122,000. You
divide those numbers and you get 20. It's supposed to be three. You're not
supposed to mortgage yourself more than three times your annual income;
it's 20 here. That's a problem; that's criminal. That needs to stop. I also
want to see as much housing as possible because I care about the
environment. We're seeing a lot of population growth, a lot of job growth
here. We haven't been doing anything to accommodate the new workers, so
they either come here and then they move somewhere that's far away, so
they have to drive in to get to their jobs here or they drive the rents up here
and existing residents get priced out, and they have to drive in from far
                                                                        Page 74 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
