                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “the City will support
advocating for this exemption at the state level” with “add this to the list of
topics for the Policy and Services Committee to consider when reviewing the
Legislative Policy Program.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just briefly wanted to again agree with my colleagues
who have spoken on this. Giving more time to get there is actually a better
thing for the restaurants. I'm hearing how much this will actually cost them
to be able to adapt to it. I think that's an important thing. I think it's better
to do this and go earlier. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I have a requested modification to the language. Where it says
"to exclude tipped employees," I think it really would be better to say "how
best to address the issue of tipped employees." We don't know all the
nuances of this.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “exclude” with “best
address the issue of.”

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: That's all right. You can give me a demerit on the language.
Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I like the pacing of this much better. It is still
striking where after five percent cap it says and no exemptions. It seems
very clear, but the next word is "and evaluate an exemption for tipped
employees." It sort of takes away the force of the "no exemptions." I guess
I’m concerned about the tipped employees issue. It makes up only 5-10
percent of those who would be affected by the minimum wage. Maybe the
best way of dealing with it is this notion of having publicity with the City and
the restaurant owners saying, "Tips aren't for your experience at the
restaurant. They're just going to the serving staff." I always think of a tip—
when you go into a restaurant, you're paying for the atmosphere,
cleanliness, the food preparation, buying the food, making the menu. It's
the whole thing that you're tipping. Somehow or other it gets focused on
the one dynamic of the server. I'm willing to go along with the evaluate,
updating, but maybe that evaluation would also include is there a publicity
campaign that would make it clearer to people going into a restaurant what
the tips are for or how to use the tips in a different way.

                                                                         Page 93 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
