                        TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: What would be the process by which we would do that?

Mr. Keene: Could you give us a tentative recommendation on this pending
our return with the boundaries for the Council to certify essentially?

Council Member Schmid: The Downtown commercial district, which we have
been looking at through the RPP for months now.

Mayor Burt:   That may very well be correct.   I think we need to let Staff
digest it.

Mr. Keene: You're dealing with architecture here, so we want to make sure
that we're paying attention (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Let's ...

Council Member Holman: It's broader than the parking district.        I don't
know exactly how to describe what that is.

Mayor Burt: I think it is reasonable for Staff to look and make sure that
we're all in agreement on what those boundaries are. Let's have it applied—
we need to have some statement here that Staff will return with proposed
boundary definitions for these districts. Where does that put us on the
status of the rest of the Ordinance?

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Amendment, “Direct Staff to return
with proposed boundary definitions for the Downtown business district and
the California Avenue business district.

Mr. Lait: Just one comment. By modifying C, is compatible with its setting,
and then we add these other pieces and then we define the geographic area,
you're pulling that 2C out from all the other areas in the City about
evaluating compatibility. That's one comment. To continue that change, we
would just recommend that you continue the public hearing to a date certain
or uncertain.

Mayor Burt: Jonathan's point is well taken. Do we want the broader
statement applying everywhere and then a more narrow one in those two
particular areas? I think that's what we want.

Council Member Holman: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: We want that guidance.      Return with "is compatible with its
setting" to apply to all areas.

                                                                   Page 103 of 114
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 9/12/16
