                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Dailey: If we identify those—if it was more expensive, we would come
back and explore those with you as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: "E" really covers that then.

Ms. Dailey: I think it does.

Mr. Shikada: It does. In particular as we've spoken informally about, soon
after the first of the year—we were hoping to get off the ground sooner, but
after the first of the year—beginning a strategic plan for the department
overall. This would certainly be a cornerstone element of looking at the role
of the Utility with respect to carbon reduction and recognizing the synergy of
having the multiple Utilities under one roof.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: I'd like to offer a couple of amendments. They're really around
giving some better clarity about what "E" is intending. It would be to "direct
Staff to return with methods"—excuse me.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Would that be a "vi"? They were starting at "i."

Mayor Burt: Yeah. "v" you mean? This would be "v." "Direct Staff to
return with a set of programs to reduce natural gas usage within Palo Alto
including electric appliances and streamline permitting for such appliances
and potential programs to reduce fugitive natural gas emissions indoor and
outdoor." Then, a "vi" that would restrict purchase of offsets from landfill
natural gas to exclude landfills that receive recyclable organic materials that
would be excluded from landfills under best practices. Let me see if it's
acceptable. I could speak to it and explain a little more or seek acceptance
first.

Council Member Wolbach: I think so. I'm not sure if I caught the second
part of that. Would you mind restating it?

Mayor Burt: This is actually aligned with what we did on our renewable
portfolio a number of years ago of saying we're not going to purchase
natural gas harvested from landfills that are accepting materials that
shouldn't go into landfills. That's the thrust of it. I can work on the wording
to capture that.

Council Member Wolbach:      I'm inclined to support it.      I'm wondering
whether, Mayor Burt, how broad Number v is intended to be and whether—I
want to have a sense of how broad that is. I'm inclined to support it.


                                                                         Page 44 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
