                          TRANSCRIPT
update and a meaningful plan, and it's going to have a real commitment of
City resources." I said, "In that case, I'm for it." I'm glad to see that's what
we've been doing. I'm looking forward to seeing the implementation of this.
I think it'll be kind of a virtuous cycle. The more we have people who
willingly and enthusiastically ride more because it's safer and more
convenient, the more we'll have people saying, "We want even better
biking." We'll invest in it over time. That's what's happened in other
communities. We have healthier communities, and people enjoy it, and they
waste less time in traffic. I look forward to seeing this go forward.

MOTION RESTATED:          Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to:

A.    Approve Concept Plans for the Amarillo Avenue-Moreno Avenue, Louis
      Road-Montrose Avenue, and Ross Road Bicycle Boulevard Projects, and
      direct Staff to move forward with the Final Design phase for these four
      Bicycle Boulevards Projects; and

B.    Approve professional services contract number C16161534 with Fehr &
      Peers in the amount of $544,509 for a period of one year for the
      preparation of plans, specifications and estimates for the previously-
      approved Bryant Street Extension, Maybell Avenue, and Park
      Boulevard-Wilkie Way Bicycle Boulevard Projects; and

C.    Direct Staff to reduce the removal of parking spaces near Greer Park.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the board. That passes unanimously. We have
one more big item, which is consideration of next Residential Permit Parking
Programs, Item Number 10. Let's take a five minute break, if that's all
right.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Council took a break from 9:16 P.M. to 9:27 P.M.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 9:16 P.M.

10.   Direction to Staff Regarding Implementation Priority for the Following
      new Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Districts: a Portion of
      Crescent Park, the Edgewood Plaza Area, the Southgate and Evergreen
      Park Neighborhoods.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Item Number 10 on the Agenda, which is
direction to Staff regarding implementation priority for the following new
Residential Permit Parking districts, RPP districts: first, a portion of Crescent

                                                                         Page 64 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
