                          TRANSCRIPT
As you recall, there was some discussion by the Staff of looking at maybe
doing the same thing. There was a lot of understandable outcry from the
community about the potential for losing a shelter operation in Palo Alto and
the need to keep that. We kept it here. The first year, we did as Cash
mentioned, had a lot of good community support and donation and
fundraising and support to keep the costs down. The Council had essentially
said you wanted us to drive towards cost neutrality for the operation. At
that time, we were losing $300,000 or $400,000 a year. Unfortunately, in
the subsequent years for a whole host of reasons, that deficit has continued
to grow to where it's almost doubled as far as a loss, with the potential to
see us continue to be in a deficit situation. Quite some time ago, we made
the decision that clearly we would keep the animal control functions in-house
in the Police Department to pick up and patrol in the City. A lot of the ability
to make the shelter not only financially healthy but really provide high
quality, sustainable services was linked to the condition of the shelter itself
and the need to enter into a partnership that could potentially yield the
ability to do additional fundraising that could lead to either a new shelter or
significant improvements in the shelter to make the shelter higher
functioning, more attractive and more cost-effective.         There's a lot of
necessity both on the service quality we want to achieve and doing so at a
reasonable subsidy from the City, obviously moving back in the direction of
the Council's original action that has brought us to this point. Ed kept
talking about best practices. This idea of just bringing a term sheet long
before we have an actual contract to the Council is just indicative of the very
careful, engaged process that the City has been following all along on this
item. With that, I'll turn it back over to your team.

Al Mollica, Pets in Need Executive Director: Thank you. Thank you, Cash
and Ed. Thank you, Mr. Mayor and Council Members, for inviting us to speak
with you tonight. I want to comment on what Jim said. I agree and
wholeheartedly endorse what he said about the terrific job that Ed and Cash
in particular has done with this process. They've done something that's very
important throughout the process, and that is they've listened as much as
they've talked and spoken to us. That has meant a lot to me personally and
our Board. What I'd like to do is extol the virtues of Pets in Need for a few
minutes. I could take an hour, but I'll only take a couple of minutes. Then,
I'd like to turn the podium over to our Treasurer and Finance Committee
Chair, Mr. Frank Espina. He'll talk to you about the financial aspects of Pets
in Need. Pets in Need was established in 1965 as Northern California's first
no-kill animal shelter; that's before no-kill was even a term. We are a
501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, and we generate our resources through
private gifts, adoption fees and fees from things like our humane education
program. We receive no money from any government entities. We have a
beautiful facility in Redwood City that was refurbished in 2008 at a cost of
                                                                        Page 38 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
