                          TRANSCRIPT
actual cost of sending an inspector out to inspect the water heater with all
the overhead is reflected in the proposed fee. Now, we do understand that
the—could this potentially affect the number of people that get water heater
permits? It's hard to say.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    How important is it to get a permit on your water
heater?

Male: It's when you do an after-the-fact inspection.

Mr. Pirnejad: If the question is can you change your water heater on the
weekend and then come in on Monday and get a permit, sure. We would
want you to do that. To the point of is this going to affect the number of
permits that we get, as it is I don't think we get every water heater that gets
replaced. They have a 10-15 year lifespan. We have tens of thousands of
water heaters in the City. We don't get tens of thousands of water heater
permits. Is this fee going to change that? Probably not.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Let's go to the public. We now open the public hearing. We
have one speaker card from Elena Levitsky Kurotrina. Excuse me.

Public Hearing opened at 9:35 P.M.

Yolanda Levitsky Kurochkina: It is what it is. It's my legal name. Hello.
Good evening again. Thank you for all of you being here and putting all of
your thoughts today into the new project developments for year 2017 and
talking about below-market rental units and further down reflect
Development Services cost of the services study. What I like to bring to all
of you attention, project developments for community cost, is it ever going
to be transferred into—apartment buildings transferred into the CIDs? We're
talking about major issue in Palo Alto, which is scarcity of the land. To talk
about two or three newly developed homes in the future, in 2017, and to
waste all of the times and minds into three homes, built homes, I think it's a
little bit ridiculous. Did anyone ever give a thought to transfer some
apartment buildings into CIDs, common interest development? And to apply
some costs into the—is the builders? I cannot understand yet who is the
builder or who will be a project manager into … As I said, scarcity of the
land, where to go unless people stop moving into Palo Alto and perhaps find
different lands. We're in Silicon Valley. After Silicon Valley, there is
California. After California, there is Oregon, Washington State, and then the
East Coast, in the Central. What I see right now, it's a little bit of tightness
and neatness into one or two projects. I don't see actually handling really
cause of the meetings. Thank you.
                                                                          Page 83 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
