                         TRANSCRIPT
related to maintenance related to our Mobile Emergency Operation Center
(MEOC), mobile command center, some of our other mobile commitment.
That's all I have to report. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: At this time, we will move on to Oral Communications. This is
an opportunity for members of the public to speak on items that are not
otherwise on the Agenda. The Council cannot engage in dialog on those
items, because they are not agendized. Our first speaker is Kate Downing,
to be followed by Herb Borock. Each speaker will have up to 3 minutes.

Kate Downing:      Good evening, Council Members.           I'm Planning and
Transportation Commissioner (P&TC) Downing. The Council has asked the
P&TC to assist it in community outreach and engagement. I'm here to
communicate some concerns I've received from several members of the
community over the last few weeks. They have indicated that they have
been surprised that the Council has chosen to make comments to Staff
before allowing the public to speak, because they've seen previous Councils
allow the public to speak first. In particular, people have expressed their
desire for Council to take their comments into account before making up
their mind. They've also felt like the process is discouraging because they're
forced to wait for several hours to make comment, and they simply can't
spend that sort of time here on a regular basis, though, they wished they
could. This is a particularly salient issues for people who work multiple jobs
or have kids to get back to. I think this is low-hanging fruit to encourage
more members of the public to participate. I hope the Council takes these
concerns to heart.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by
our final speaker, Mike Francoise.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt, and Council Members. There are two statewide
initiative petitions being circulated that are related to High Speed Rail, and
the proponents are the same proponents of both initiatives. One of them is
mainly about a bond measure and Constitutional amendment for water
storage projects which would change statewide policy and essentially
remove protecting the environment from the water project money. That
initiative would transfer $8 billion of remaining High Speed Rail bond funds
to the water storage projects. The second initiative is just to terminate High
Speed Rail. If there was some other measure passed that would allow that
money to be transferred to the other measure, that would happen but,
otherwise, it's possible for just the High Speed Rail measure to be
                                                                       Page 31 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
