                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
go into Closed Session.

Mayor Burt: Please vote. That passes unanimously, so the Council will now
go into Closed Session until approximately 6:00 P.M. Thank you.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council went into Closed Session at 5:11 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:04 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Good evening. At this time, the City Council has completed a
Closed Session item, and we have no reportable action.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Proclamation Welcoming Exchange Students and Chaperones From
     Tsuchiura, Ibaraki, Japan.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Special Order of the Day, which is a
Proclamation welcoming exchange students and chaperones from Tsuchiura,
Japan, our Sister City. We have a Proclamation that Council Member
Berman has agreed to read on behalf of the City Council. Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Mayor Burt. This is a Proclamation
welcoming exchange students and chaperones from Tsuchiura, Ibaraki,
Japan. Council Member Berman read the Proclamation into the record.

Mayor Burt: Before presenting our Proclamation, I would just like to
acknowledge that our Vice Mayor will be running in the Tsuchiura marathon
next month. I will come forward to present the Proclamation to the
representatives. We welcome you to make some comments.

Makiho Taguchi, Internal Exchange Section of the Tsuchiura City Civic
Activity Division: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Today we are very
honored to be here today. On behalf of the delegation, I would like to
express our gratitude for you. I greatly appreciate your inviting our 15
junior high school children from Tsuchiura to the Palo Alto City Council
today. We are really honored to be here. Actually, this is my first visit to
Palo Alto, so I am so excited about this trip. We arrived in Palo Alto last
Saturday, and we had welcome party. So many people including their host
families and Mayor, Mr. Patrick Burt, welcomed us so warmly. I am so
impressed. We are staying here in Palo Alto for the students exchange
program which has been performed since 1993. Actually, I was born in
                                                                        Page 4 of 99
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 3/14/16
