                          TRANSCRIPT
streets to petition to be added as resident only parking in Zones 9 and 10.”
(New Part C.vi.)

Mayor Burt: We solve your problems. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Berman: At least for tonight.

Council Member Wolbach: I have a potential recommendation, but I wanted
to check. "C," these are potential or we're sure we're going to proceed with
these as they're worded?

Mayor Burt: What we're saying is that Staff would return with proposals,
and then the Council would act on those proposals.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'd like to see a little bit more flexibility in
or at least leave open for discussion, for us to consider and for Staff to
consider on Number iv, D.iv. What I'm looking for is perhaps an alternative
to requirement, which is more of a stick, and something that's more carrot-
based such as potentially having a tiered pricing structure for permits, where
companies that don't participate in the TMA could purchase permits, but
those who do participate in the TMA get a lower price. That doesn't mean
we give them a really cheap price but maybe a substantially higher price.
That way it would be a carrot, incentive to join the TMA. If that's something
that the maker and seconder might be open to, I'd try to propose ...

Council Member DuBois: Can we just say ...

Council Member Wolbach: Should I offer some draft language?

Council Member DuBois: ... if legally permissible, pricing incentives or
participation in Downtown TMA.

Mayor Burt: We want to say alternately.

Council Member Wolbach:     Or alternately a tiered pricing structure to
incentivize TMA membership.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Put it at the end.

Mr. Mello: A simpler way may be to just say that the RPP program will
encourage as many employers as possible to participate in the TMA.




                                                                       Page 116 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
