                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: If we didn't use it for that, we'd probably lose the grant
or what happens? Do you have any idea?

Mr. Mello: We've had very preliminary discussions about what other types
of projects we could use it for. We haven't really received a response. I
think we'd have to have a firm request in hand as to what we want to use
the funding for. One of the conditions was that we complete a Feasibility
Study.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The Caltrain/Alma Street crossing, that's a lot of
money, $18.2 million. You're thinking that would be funded through the VTA
tax, if that passes?

Mr. Mello: I think, in all likelihood, it would have to be a mix of funding
similar to what we've assembled for the Adobe Creek/101 overcrossing. The
VTA sales tax funding would probably play a big role in that package.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You're asking us—what are you asking us tonight to
approve? Was it the environmental, the design and construction? How
much are you asking us to approve spending on this? Where was that going
to come? That was sort of my question.

Mr. Mello: We would, of course, have to come back to Council with any
contracts associated with this, but the estimate for the preliminary project
work for the Caltrain/Alma Street undercrossing is about $4 million. We
would phase that; we would start with the first preliminary work, which
would be the project study report and an alternatives analysis. We could do
a Feasibility Study to kind of lock down the exact location of the
overcrossing/undercrossing, whether it's going to be an overcrossing or an
undercrossing, look at the different constraints.

Vice Mayor Scharff:   The alternatives analysis is what you're asking us to
fund tonight or ...

Mr. Mello: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: ... at least approve.

Mr. Mello: At least come back to you with a contract.



                                                                       Page 24 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
