                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: There were several cited in the Staff Report.                 I
don't want to pull them all out now. I'd rather have Staff do that.

Mayor Burt: Staff isn't denying a project.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Staff recommended approval.

Mayor Burt: Yes. I'll say again that I believe it's incumbent on the Council,
if we're doing a denial of a project, to state clearly the basis for that denial.

Council Member DuBois: I think I had, and I think I've heard Staff say they
understand that and they could come back if they're directed to find that it's
rejected.

Mayor Burt: I'll say I think this is a bad process and not a good precedent
for the Council to ask Staff to cull from a variety of comments that were
made which ones are a basis for the denial of a project. That is not good,
sound policymaking. It's not something that is, I think, properly, legally
defensible for the City. I don't know whether the City Attorney wants to
wade in on whether that kind of process of asking Staff to come back with
plucking from a range of comments that were not the basis of a motion—
they were comment and questions—to determine what was the basis for the
denial.

Council Member DuBois: I disagree. We've done it before. Again, they
weren't questions. They were my comments to my motion about my
reasons.

Mayor Burt:    When we deny a project, we're obligated to be clear on the
basis.

James Keene, City Manager: May I just say something before the City
Attorney speaks? I think there are at least two levels to this. In one sense,
the Council has an obligation to have its own discussion amongst itself when
you're making your collective decision whether to approve or to deny. There
needs to be enough that the Council presents to the Council for you all to be
able to make something of a judgment on that. It may be then after that
fact, if there is a denial, that the Staff goes back and refines some of the
findings and those sorts of things. I'm not so much speaking to this
example, just in general. I don't think we can have a practice where it's not
specific enough and then the Staff just sent off to figure out what those
should be after the fact. I do think that the Council should feel that the case
has been made in a compelling enough way that you can confidently vote to
deny it in one sense, separate from whether you have a different opinion or
not. Then, the Staff is in a better position to be able to supplement that.
                                                                         Page 58 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
