                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: Definitely. Even within a given structure, there's different ways
to approach. For example, you could have a structure, but it was okay to
flood the first floor. You could put all the electrical stuff up above. You
could have nothing that was actually used down below or just storage.
There's different ways to handle that.

Council Member Holman: I'm going to ask just a—really I'm going to
pretend this is a real naïve question, but just to get it out there. Because
our levees were built prior to some standards being in place, is there any
feasibility whatsoever or any benefit to retrofitting any of our levees? Is
there any opportunity for that out there? Just to throw that out there.

Mr. Teresi: Part of the SAFER analysis has been—just recently they've done
a whole series of geotechnical borings out in those existing levees to find out
the answer to that question, to see if any of that is going to be able to
salvaged as a foundation for a bigger levee or if it's going to have to be
removed. The answer to that is forthcoming.

Council Member Holman:      I think all the other questions I had have been
asked. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the presentation.
You've probably heard me say it before, that I think the four biggest
generational challenges for Palo Alto and really for the whole subregion and
region are transportation, housing, economic inequality and sea level rise.
The four of them, the more you look at each of them and in context of the
others, the more you realize how much they interplay. The importance of
collaborating regionally can't be overstated, but also the importance of
collaborating across the City as an organization I don't think can be
overstated. I think that having an overarching policy is very important. I
think it is important that the entire City organization have as a standard
matter of course a consideration of sea level rise when making any long-
range decisions or making decisions that are going to have a long-range
impact.     From Public Works to Sustainability to our Public Safety
Departments to Planning, obviously the airport, Parks and Rec, everybody
should be on the same page. That raises the question of if we are going to
put together a policy, what's the best avenue to make sure that that
happens. I absolutely share Vice Mayor Scharff's concern about if we do
this, what other projects get dropped off of our work plan. This is so
important, I'm not willing to drop this one.         We're talking about an
existential threat to large parts of Palo Alto and essentially irreplaceable or
mission critical utilities equipment and other infrastructure. A question to

                                                                        Page 20 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
