                          TRANSCRIPT
marching orders for the questions that we have to answer and the impacts
that the City has said that it wants to identify and mitigate. I touched on
this earlier but just want to reiterate the importance of understanding the
distinction between program and project-level EIRs. With the project-level
EIR, you have a very high degree of specificity about a particular project,
where the buildings will be located, where the driveways will be, the
entrances and exits, how many parking spaces there are going to be, how
many feet tall it will be, how many wetlands or tenths of an acre of a
wetland might be on a given site, for example. Of course, when we're
looking at a Citywide document that's going to be in effect for the next 15
years, we really don't have that level of specificity. The programmatic-level
review enables us to be a little bit more conceptual rather than specific. I
know that can be frustrating when you're used to seeing a very high degree
of detail in an EIR, but that's not the role of the Comp Plan EIR specifically.
That's part of the reason why, at least under current law, future projects will
have to undergo additional review to give you that level of detail. For this
EIR, we compared four scenarios. As you know, we've since added a fifth
and sixth but, for the Draft EIR that was published earlier this year, we
looked at four scenarios in terms of their housing, population, jobs, different
land use policy, different transportation improvements, different potential
sustainability measures that could be included and how the Comp Plan would
be implemented through necessary Zoning Code amendments for each one
of the four planning scenarios. This is, as you've heard each time we talk
about this EIR, somewhat of an unconventional format for an EIR. It was
really chosen very carefully in order to help move this process forward.
Rather than be kind of a retroactive look back at the end of the process, we
wanted to make an EIR that really fed into the process and helped to
support your decision-making by testing a range of possible choices about
land use, transportation and other types of policies. We set that range
based on the outcomes of workshops in mid-2014, and then we analyzed
them to provide you with the whole range of quantitative data as well as
qualitative assessments on the potential outcomes of those different ranges
of choices that are represented by the four scenarios. Of course, since then
you've also given us direction to add a fifth and a sixth scenario that further
expand the range of different options that we're going to be analyzing. After
tonight, we are going to be preparing that additional supplemental analysis.
As Hillary mentioned, tonight's one more opportunity for you to make sure
that we've understood you correctly when we talked about those fifth and
sixth scenarios in that those scenarios are going to represent what you do
want us to analyze.       After we have that analysis, we're going to be
circulating that for public review just like we have with the Draft EIR. At
that point, you'll be able to make a very informed decision about a preferred
scenario that would be the basis for your updated Comp Plan. As we've said
all along, the preferred scenario is not going to be—it could be, but we don't
                                                                           Page 55 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
