                         TRANSCRIPT
believe Council voted as a whole and could go to the interviews themselves.
I actually think we could get through all the interviews.

Mayor Burt: Let me offer something for folks to be considering. If we're
looking at stakeholder positions, there's a question of whether we would be
selecting who would be representing each of those stakeholder groups or do
we take a pool of candidates and we select from that whole pool. We
wouldn't necessarily get the stakeholder composition that we were looking
for. One of the processes that wasn’t alluded to in the Staff Report was the
SOFA plan. In the SOFA plan, we did it by identifying different stakeholder
groups and soliciting applications for each stakeholder group. There was an
affordable housing expert. There was a transportation expert. There was an
environmental one. There was one from the landholders. There was Palo
Alto Medical Foundation (PAMF).         There were different—two from the
neighborhood group. It was identifying stakeholders, and then we had
anywhere from one to several applications for each of those stakeholder
positions. It wasn't like we had ten for each stakeholder position. We had
several at most. That's a real consideration of whether we want to be
thinking about stakeholder positions. One of the interesting things that we
saw out of that is that we, from the greater University South neighborhood,
had people who applied, who were affordable housing experts that we never
knew resided in that neighborhood, and transportation experts and different
things. It really drew people out. We can go about it either way, but I
would strongly suggest we consider that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I actually wasn't done, but I appreciate the comments.
I actually agree with you about that. I think having stakeholder positions
makes more sense, but it should be open for different people to apply for the
different stakeholder positions. I would support that. We should definitely
settle on a number that's reasonable, and then we should look at these
stakeholder positions in the community. One of those things says balance
business and residents. I think we want to make sure we do that so that we
end up with a composition that's balanced on both business and residents.
That could be a little challenging on the stakeholder stuff, because we want
to have a number of resident positions, I believe, as well as some
stakeholders. Sometimes they meet both of those, as you said.

Mayor Burt: I'll give you a couple of examples. We could have transit
advocates. We have folks who are part of Friends of Caltrain, who are
residents. We could have bicycling experts. It could be someone from Palo
Alto Bicycle Advisory Committee (PABAC) or otherwise.            The resident
positions could very well be also with certain expertise roles. That's what we
got out of SOFA. Basically we got two for one. We got a lot of the resident


                                                                       Page 92 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
