                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: If you read the Code. At least I couldn't find it,
where a CUP, the FAR changes.

Mr. Lait: There's certainly some uses that require a conditional use permit.
Medical is one of them, financial services. Let me see if we can find that
here. Here we go.

Council Member Filseth: I didn't see anything in the Code about a CUP that
(inaudible).

Mayor Burt: If you want a moment, we can go to Council Member Kniss and
return to that.

Mr. Lait: We'll find it. There's a reference in here that says you can do up
to 5,000. Beyond 5,000, you need a CUP. We'll get the reference right.

Council Member Filseth: I didn't see that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss. Was that ...

Council Member Kniss: Two or three things that I think others have
certainly hit on. One dealing with the office space which is on the ground
floor, which is this site plan here. I'm going to presume is CUP space, or
doesn't it matter which we way we look at it? Does it matter whether we
look at office on the second—it doesn't matter, right?

Mr. Lait: No, it does not matter.

Council Member Kniss: It's exchangeable. If we're not going to accept the
CUP and take the office off the ground floor, making it all retail, how does
that affect the parking? You've now eliminated office; you've gotten rid of
that, whatever we're going to call that one, 4,000 or 5,000 square feet,
turned it into retail.

Mr. Lait: Thank you. It's in the Staff Report. I think it's in the order of
three, four or five spaces if you eliminated the office and converted that to
retail. There's one important thing I want to just clarify.

Council Member Kniss: Yes, please.

Mr. Lait: The applicant would still need the—if you eliminated office on the
ground floor, the applicant would still need a CUP for an incremental amount
above 5,000 for the second floor.

Council Member Kniss: I think somebody referenced that before. Secondly,
you just talked about what could go on the ground floor including that a
                                                                      Page 32 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/23/16
