                          TRANSCRIPT
can guide Staff to research the legal and programmatic options for investing
in local electrification projects. Key opportunities exist for supporting local
electrification measures including prioritizing electric vehicle purchases when
fulfilling the City's vehicle needs going forward and incentivizing broad
community adoption of electric appliances like heat pumps, induction cook
tops and electric dryers. As a case in point, San Francisco has a program
that could serve as a guide, collecting funds that are used for local projects.
The program I'm referring to is the San Francisco Carbon Fund. This
innovative fund is the first of its kind to invest solely in local projects that
reduce greenhouse gas emissions rather than large-scale offset projects
across the globe. Finally, the proposed Carbon Neutral Natural Gas Plan
would, however, also be an important part to meeting Council's aggressive
sustainability goal to reduce the City's GHG emissions by 80 percent by
2030. Thank you for your time and consideration this evening.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bruce Hodge, to be followed
by Bret Andersen.

Bruce Hodge: Good evening. Bruce Hodge from Carbon Free Palo Alto. I
want to take this opportunity to thank Jane Ratchye for her years of service
with Utility and her contributions towards establishing a carbon neutral
electric utility. I'm quite sure that her departure will leave a knowledge gap
that will be hard to fill. Best wishes to her in her future endeavors. We've
submitted a policy brief for your consideration, which examines the Carbon
Neutral Natural Gas Portfolio Plan in more detail. In a nutshell, we believe
that the use of offsets alone is an ineffectual approach. Yes, we're aware of
the Prop 26 issues and submit that a further exploration of the possibilities
of qualifying local investments under Prop 26 are in order. The idea would
be to invest in activities that would bootstrap the electrification efforts and
benefit all gas customers equally by creating a pathway to avoid the damage
that is being done by the use of natural gas. Creating a fund for subsidies
and rebates is not what we have in mind. Instead of taking an expedient
approach that papers over the problem and skirts the larger issues at hand,
we urge the Council to send this proposal back to Staff to generate a more
comprehensive and holistic approach that details the relative spending and
emphasis on a suite of strategies for reducing the use of natural gas. In
fact, our understanding is that this is already in progress, so it would not be
a curve ball for Staff. However, almost by definition the Staff response
needs to be a cross-departmental effort. After completing this broader
examination, we may conclude that this strategy of tapping into ratepayer
revenues is actually counterproductive given the restrictions of Prop 26.
Lastly, the proposal neglects to mention the very real negative perceptions
that could be associated with an offsets-only approach. The potential fallout
from both residents and external observers should be avoided by spelling
                                                                          Page 33 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
