                          TRANSCRIPT
isn't trying to add on beyond from the public's view. The addition is in the
rear; you can't see it. Those Interior Standards—I understand that you're
probably talking about designation of property. The Secretary of Interior
Standards have to do with the remodeling of an addition to a property. The
properties can be adaptively reused or used in the future. We have to
consider how do you allow for these remodels and additions but do not take
away from the integrity. That has been looked at through various reports
recently included in the project's mitigation measure and initial study. The
HRB looked at it and made that recommendation to approve it.

Council Member Holman: I don't disagree with any of your comments about
the Secretary's Standards. I'm saying we're eliminating one of the criteria
that makes it eligible for the National Register. That's my point which isn't
being responded to. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: This site—I just want to make sure I've got this
right—is zoned RM-40 for the residential. Correct? No? Looking at the ...

Mr. Lait: The subject property on Lytton?

Mayor Burt: What are you looking at Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm looking at the front of this.

Mr. Lait: The project is Certificate of Design Compliance (CDC). The project
site is zoning; that includes the cottage. Across the street, across Kipling, to
the east is RM-40 I believe. Thirty I'm told.

Council Member Wolbach: Maybe I'm—pardon my confusion. It says right
here this is—residential density is 40 units an acre.

Mr. Lait: You want to know the density for the CDC or the zoning?

Council Member Wolbach: Let me move on from that. I'm just looking at
this chart on the very front of—this is the project we're working on, right?
I'm looking at the very front of this. It says that the proposed residential
Floor to Area Ratio (FAR) is 0.58 and that's 8,658 square feet. I want to
make sure I'm understanding this correctly before I move on to my next
question.   Under the section where it says general zoning compliance
analysis and the columns required versus proposed.          Specifically, just
making sure I'm reading it right because the font is small.

Mr. Ah Sing: I think we're following you now. Is there a question?

                                                                          Page 27 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
