                         TRANSCRIPT
these single-story overlay districts are post-War Eichler neighborhoods.
There is an Eichler design guidelines effort under way. We are working to
get a consultant contract in process. You will be seeing a consultant
contract in the coming months. It'll be about a year-long process, and it
may also result in alternatives to the single-story overlay. Here on the
screen are the nine single-story overlay neighborhoods. There's been some
opposition to single-story overlays. The last one that came to Council, Royal
Manor, had some of these concerns. There's concern about property values
and rights; concern about fairness because there are existing two-story
homes in this neighborhood.         There are four two-story homes in the
neighborhood. In this case, the Planning and Transportation Commission
recommended denial. At the time of the final Planning Commission hearing
on this item, there was a support level of 59 percent. More recently, in fact
last night, we did receive a petition from property owners on Ross Road.
Three of the signators had previously expressed support for the single-story
overlay and have reversed their support as of this petition. There's only one
Ross Road supporter now. On your screen kind of shows the history of this.
The Council has two options. One is to adopt the Ordinance, which would
result in a single-story overlay for this neighborhood of 44 homes within the
boundary, or reject or defer the single-story overlay as proposed. I'm going
to go back to this screen here or maybe this screen for the conversation. I
should say the applicants are here. I don't know if they've submitted cards.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time, we can take questions from the
Council, which would be technical questions, not rhetorical ones, and then
we'll go to the public for the hearing. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Maybe, Ms. French, I missed what you said. I know
it had sufficient percentage when it came initially. Where is the percentage
as of now? I know that there have been some changes. Did I just miss that
on the slide?

Ms. French: There is an at-places memo that reflects this, and on the
screen I've put this more recent ...

Council Member Kniss: Amy, my apologies. I missed the bottom one on it.
You're now at 56.8, correct, as of today?

Ms. French: Correct.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.


                                                                      Page 49 of 104
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/4/16
