                         TRANSCRIPT
become a beacon to the rest of California, the nation and the world. We
urge you to support the S/CAP goals and framework through good policies
and audacious programs that will help see a better Palo Alto, a better
California, a better planet. Palo Alto has been the leader in the world for
technology. We need to be the leaders for the world to showcase good
policies and citizen engagement to heal the planet. Please support the
S/CAP framework. Let us finish what we started, a concerned and engaged
citizenry that can help move the dial on climate change. There are several
members of the Cool Block community here this evening to lend their
support for the S/CAP as well. I'd like to ask them to stand now as a show
of support for the S/CAP framework. Thank you all very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bruce Hodge, to be followed
by Bret Andersen.

Bruce Hodge: Thank you very much, Mayor. Bruce Hodge from Carbon Free
Palo Alto. This excerpt is from a brief that we sent you earlier. The S/CAP
provides an interesting and far-reaching list of goals and strategies.
However, the City has spent almost three years on the S/CAP and still lacks
specific plans and timelines for actual reductions. It's time to develop a
three year Plan that focuses on the specifics of perhaps three
implementation strategies that are effective, scalable and realistic given the
resource limitations of the City's Staff. Attention should be paid to adequate
staffing and funding and the financing considerations to make the effort
successful. Key performance metrics should be identified and then reported
regularly to the City Council and the public. Action is needed now. As the
scientific knowledge of the impacts of climate change has evolved indeed for
urgent action, it's only increased, never decreased. Let's get going. We feel
that there's too much complexity in the S/CAP. In general, California Food
Policy Association (CFPA) believes that the S/CAP has too much complexity
and not enough specificity. There are too many strategies, and there's no
prioritization of them based on the efficacy and likelihood of success. Many
strategies are very general and are unlikely to be translated into specific
actions for various reasons. There's little indication of the strategies which
can realistically be implemented given the extent of local jurisdiction and
influence. The numbers in S/CAP are a best guess. CFPA would like to
caution that despite the many numbers and percentages quoted, the S/CAP
represents a guess at one scenario out of many possible ones and perhaps
implies more certainty than warranted. Many of the numbers are just
educated guesses with some more grounded than others. The natural gas
emissions are a larger contributor than presented in the report. Even
presenting a clear breakdown of Palo Alto's emissions by sectors is
complicated by several factors. For instance, there's increasing evidence
that the natural gas sector emission should be doubled to account for the
                                                                       Page 25 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
