                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Paul George, to be followed by
Winter Dellenbach. Welcome.

Paul George: Good evening, Council. My name is Paul George. I'm Director
of Peninsula Peace and Justice Center, which has been based here in Palo
Alto for 34 years. I strongly urge you to support the Colleagues Memo that's
before you. Surveillance is on the rise in our society. Unfortunately,
transparency with the public is not. We need to find the proper balance
between the use of technology—the technology is to keep us safe—and
levels of transparency that will assure the public that those same
technologies are not being abused, and that our personal data is kept
secure. Holding full public hearings and setting the operating and security
policies before any such technology is acquired is an absolutely must, I
think, in a democratic society. Without those elements, there will be no
balance between security and public transparency. As the previous speaker
noted, the Colleagues Memo does cite the possibility of significant Staff time
required to administer the various reporting programs, etc. I would respond
that's the price, a small price actually, an open, free and democratic society
must pay to remain free and open. I also applaud Supervisor Joe Simitian
for the very strong ordinance he proposed for the County. It has rightfully
garnered national and international attention. I came across an article about
Joe Simitian in the London Guardian. It was great. Palo Alto should use it
as a model to its own ordinance and set the gold standard for cities. Please
support the Memo. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Winter Dellenbach to be followed by our final
speaker, Jerry Schwartz.

Winter Dellenbach: I hope you refer this to Policy and Services. It's really
badly needed. If you're hesitant I suspect it's more a matter of your
needing more information rather than it being an unworthy or mistakenly
timed, consuming subject, given all the good work that you have to rely on
that's come before us. I really hope that this is not an encouragement of
"let's just get some policies in place," and then we have all of these toys.
I'm hoping that any policies would reflect we only have this technology when
there is no other alternative, when we can absolutely justify it, whether we
can show that there is an absolute need for it in the town of Palo Alto. It
grieves me that we have data, big data mining businesses in Downtown Palo
Alto. It grieves me, but we can't do anything about that. We can do, as a
town, something about this. We can once again be a leader in trying to put
in place something sensible. I want to take the rest of my time to just get
personal for a minute. I was the victim of surveillance for five or six years,
from 1967 to 1972.        It became 24/7, constant surveillance using all
technology possible back then. Almost all of it was illegal. It included
                                                                        Page 56 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
