                         TRANSCRIPT
than we're having, but not be stagnant and stuck. Rather that there be
growth. Going to, I think, several comments that it be very planful and it be
very integrated so you have growth along with transportation along with
parks along with environment.       All those things have to fit together;
otherwise, we shouldn't grow. That would be stupid to me, if we don't grow.
We need to just pull that together which is what I'm assuming the
Comprehensive Plan is about. Of the four options, I think I'd probably go
more toward the middle, to the left really. Some growth rather than
stagnant, but very much would want it integrated with how are we going to
do that in a very planful way. Again, that's my view. I think we found in the
CAC we often have common views, but we also each have our own. I'm
hoping you'll hear from other people obviously as well. The offsets, I really
like the mixed.       There's been some discussion of smaller units and
subsidized units and things like that. I think would all be good ideas. The
final part, I think, is around what we want to do on the broader policy and
how everything reconnects. I'm not sure when we're going to do that. Kind
of stepping back again, the housing and the land use, I think, covers
everything. It's so integrated with everything else, and you can't really take
one element and not address the others at the same time.                We're
approaching it piecemeal, but at some point we'll pull those back together.
How do we put it together, I think, are your comments too. How do you
have that planful—if we have this growth and we also need these other
elements, are there offsets, how does it fit together. That's where I would
love to see this go. Whatever you would want our role to be, would love to
do it. Again, thank you very much. Anything else for me? Otherwise, I'll ...

Mr. Garber: No, you're great. Thank you, Lisa.      Bonnie, and then it was
Julia, I think, and then Bob and then Elaine.

Bonnie Packer, CAC Member: Good evening, Council Members, Mayor and
Co-Chairs. As some of you may know, this is my second time around on the
Comprehensive Plan. It's really neat to see how we were thinking in the
'90s and how things have changed now. I was just explaining to somebody
we were struggling when we looked at the community services element with
the term "customer service." We all went, "That's not right for now." We
thought it was great in the '90s. That's just an example of flexibility and
times, etc. On the DEIR, I'm looking forward to this draft, because I'm
really not sure how—I'm sure it's going to give us a lot of information that
we can use. I'm hoping that Staff will figure out a way when we have a
meeting on an element, which aspects of the DEIR we should really be
thinking about when we're thinking about commenting on the element, so
that there's a structured tie-in that will help us. I think I can speak for my
fellow CAC Members who—I want to say by the way I'm just enjoying so
much meeting these intelligent, perceptive, wonderful citizens. It's really
                                                                            Page 59 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
