                          TRANSCRIPT
Two, it pushes back the next increase until April to give a little more time for
businesses to get ready for the next increase. Third, it pushes back the final
time from what we had originally envisioned and stated as a goal as a
Council of January 1st.

Mayor Burt: Before having Council Member Berman speak to his second, I
just want colleagues to know I cleared the board. If anyone wants to speak
to the substitute, they need to hit their light again. Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman: There seem to be a whole host of issues kind of
wrapped up in this one big issue. I'll try to talk about each one sequentially.
The first is how quickly we get to $15 an hour. The City Council passed a
Motion a year ago saying that our goal would be to get to $15 an hour by
2018. We did that because Sunnyvale and Mountain View and, I think, one
or two other cities had passed not goals of getting there but had passed
steps to get to $15 an hour by 2018. We said these are some regional
cities. We want to come up with a regional approach to the minimum wage
so that it doesn't have disproportional impacts on our business community.
Let's figure out how to get to this goal of $15 an hour by 2018. Now that
there's another option, we seem to be wanting to gravitate to that and kind
of finding comfort in the floor, finding comfort in the slowest option. I'm just
not sure why that would be our approach. Mountain View and Sunnyvale—
Mountain View is a neighboring city, and Sunnyvale's right next to that—are
two of the bigger cities in Santa Clara County. They've already set $15 an
hour by January 1st. I agree with Council Member Wolbach's approach here
of (a) pushing back the next increase. I wish we'd had this conversation
earlier so that our business community could have had more time to adapt.
I think it's good to give them until April 1st to set the increase. I would
have actually set higher increases. I was thinking $12.50 by April 1st and
$14 by January 1st, 2018. I can go along with this. Hopefully it's a
compromise. We get to $15 an hour not by what Mountain View and
Sunnyvale are doing and not by what the Cities Association is proposing, but
by what's right for Palo Alto, which is we started the increases earlier than
Morgan Hill and Cupertino and other cities. We can get to the goal faster
than those cities also. We didn't start as fast as Mountain View and
Sunnyvale, so we shouldn't get there as fast as Mountain View and
Sunnyvale. This is getting to $15 by what's right for Palo Alto, which is in
the middle of what those other groups of cities are doing. Then, we're all at
the same place, which is the goal of a regional minimum wage. By
January 1st of 2019, we would all be at the same place. We would not
implement the CPI increase on January 1st of 2019. All the cities hopefully
in Santa Clara County and hopefully San Mateo County get to that same
place of $15 an hour at the latest by January 1st, 2019. It doesn't all have
                                                                         Page 87 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
