                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Milam:      On the land use side, oftentimes they'll be purchasing
employment data, for example, to understand how many employees exist all
the way down to the individual parcel or census block group level. They
might buy some of that big data from companies to understand those travel
markets. On the transportation network side, they'll probably spend a lot of
money on the GIS side to make sure all the roads are mapped, all the bike
lanes are mapped, all the sidewalks are mapped. You can build network
models that really understand all the issues that Hugh was getting at, how
accessible is all the land use parcels in the community depending on what
mode you're using.

Council Member Holman: Thank you a lot.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: This is really pretty dramatic and really brings about
huge changes.     I was fascinated that it really concentrates on infill,
greenhouse gases, and then interestingly enough in one part of you talked
about public health. I'm going to start there, Pat. I've got some more
questions. I just want to push on that public health one for a minute,
because I found that so interesting.

Mr. Milam: Just the reasoning behind it?

Council Member Kniss: I can pretty much see in the Minutes from the
Planning Commission what the reason behind it is. Do you think the way
that it's structured will actually do that? Clearly that was one of the intents.
Correct?

Mr. Milam: It is definitely one of the legislative intents. Office of Planning
and Research (OPR) has definitely put a lot of emphasis on that in their
technical advisory and in the guidance they're providing. To the extent that
you are changing the metric and you're setting thresholds that are aligned
with that objective, yes, it has the potential to change the decisions that
you're making, that would encourage those active transportation. Any time
you put more land use in closer proximity, which is an infill objective as well,
it just makes it easier to walk and bike. If you complement that with the
way your General Plan is set up, where you're making sure that all the land
areas are accessible by those modes, there's a synergy to that. It can have
a very positive reinforcement.

Council Member Kniss: We have a Healthy Cities initiative, priority for us. I
was intrigued by that. Several other things that are—it looked to me like
you went into this in a little more depth with the Planning Commission, but
maybe you didn't see it that way. On Page 49 and several other places in
                                                                         Page 13 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
