                          TRANSCRIPT
been able to do that because I'm afraid when I come back where will I park.
I have a driveway that I could park there, but that's always blocked. If I
was a mean person, I'd be calling the policy every day. Palo Alto Police
would be so busy, but I don't want to do that. Once when I did that, I was
inside my driveway. When I called the policy, they acted like I was doing
something wrong. They asked me am I sure that I cannot get out. I said
obviously not. Please listen to us. This is not just something that we are
doing out of convenience. This is a need. I cannot have visitors ever.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Patrick Slattery to be followed by Doug Smith.

Patrick Slattery: In the interest of time and hope for action, I'll pass.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Doug Smith to be followed by Deb Goldeen.

Doug Smith: Good evening. I'd like to—I'm Doug Smith from Southgate.
I'd like to support all the pro comments for the Residential Parking Program
tonight. A lot of great comments have been said; I don't want to repeat
them all. Just want to emphasize that the parking situation really has gotten
bad in Southgate over the past few years. It is mostly due to Paly, but
there's lots of other impacts in Southgate also. The day parkers definitely
take up all the spots on our street. It makes it impossible for our own use
as well as visitors, deliveries and all the other things that are supposed to
happen. As was noted, Southgate has very narrow streets. It's a safety
issue in multiple ways. That's part of the reason it makes it so urgent for
Southgate to be addressed. We appreciate what you can do on that. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Deb Goldeen to be followed by Jack Morton, our
final speaker.

Deb Goldeen: I live in Evergreen Park, and I've lived there for 30 years. I
am against the annexation. I think we need a different program. I would
like to see accommodation made for visitor parking. The people who are
going to be hurt are my friends who work at Molly Stones and Country Sun
and the hairdressers who drive in from East Palo Alto and East San Jose and
Oakland. They simply can't afford to live anywhere else, and they have to
drive. They're going to be hurt, and I don't like that. I think it's rude and
mean. I disagree with David. In the 30 years I've lived there, I think crime
has decreased because of the number of people on the streets. There's lots
of eyes on the streets. The people coming in are all law-abiding. I disagree
about the traffic hazard. I bike; I raised my kids there. Before the streets
got crowded, there were a lot of speeding cars. You can't speed through our
neighborhood anymore. I have never had a problem getting response from
City of Palo Alto Police with parking. I'm on very good terms with the
                                                                          Page 90 of 124
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/9/16
