                          TRANSCRIPT

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. I think we will have an
opportunity not just to evaluate that this evening. We'd be interested in
your thoughts on that, but our idea is that at the end of this process, when
we've gotten through all the Elements, we'll take all of the programs and put
them in a single chapter, the implementation chapter, and Council will have
an opportunity to help prioritize those. At that time, you might decide this is
way too many or are there too many of these and too little of those. We'll
be able to go through a balancing and prioritization process.

Council Member DuBois: That sounds like we'd be looking at a 2,000 page
tome by then

Ms. Gitelman: Did I say that that was the fun part?

Council Member DuBois: I think it would be good to get highlights of what's
been removed as we go through Elements. Appreciate Staff answer on that.
My one comment, a couple of comments. Policy C-27 in the old Plan used to
say we'd seek opportunities to develop new parks and rec facilities to meet
the growing needs. In the new Plan, that's got shortened to develop new
community facilities. Just seems like we lost a little bit there in terms of
developing new parks. On old Policy C-28, I guess I would like to see rather
than just referencing the Parks Master Plan and the national standards, I'd
actually like to see those quantitative numbers put back in the Plan itself. I
think we've talked about that before. I would support a motion that would
have clear inclusion of the standards back in the Comp Plan. Other than
that, I think there's a lot of good stuff in here. Thank you, guys.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for this. First let me say I
fully support, I think, everything I heard from both Council Members Kniss
and DuBois. That's how I feel about everything we've just heard. Following
up on the process question, this trick of how do we include everything we
want without being overly long, which is probably mutually exclusive desires
in how we balance that. Obviously the CAC through the subcommittee and
as a group had an opportunity for individuals and for the group to discuss a
number of programs and policies that they wanted to include in the time
that you've had, have you had an opportunity to go back through and do a
critiquing, kind of like a brainstorm, categorize, critique work flow. Have
you had a critiquing phase where you've gone through and—unlike a
brainstorm phase where you want to let all the ideas out there no matter
how wild they are, have you had the chance to go back through and say let's
                                                                         Page 25 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
