                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Anything else on Development Services? Thank
you, Peter. We're good. Council Member DuBois, did you have a next
department to suggest?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Actually I would suggest Administrative
Services Department (ASD). They kind of support a lot of things, but I'm
not sure if they need to hang around.

Mayor Burt: Let's see. They're listed under the Post Office. You're looking
at support as opposed to ASD-led projects. I guess that brings up are we
wanting any department that's supporting something to stay as long as one
of their item's unresolved or are we really looking at the lead department
being able to answer our ...

Council Member Kniss: Let's look to the lead department.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Shouldn't Lalo stay? He's the only person that can
answer financial stuff. I hate to keep him, but no one else can answer those
questions.

Mayor Burt: The Warriors aren't playing tonight, so you've got nothing to
do.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you want to (crosstalk) ASD now or not?              I have
some questions on the Post Office.

Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead and go with ASD.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My question, Lalo, really was on the Post Office in terms
of where we're going in terms of you said you were going to develop a
funding strategy. How long do you think that'll take? Are you also going to
tell us if we buy the Post Office, what we're not going to be able to do? Is
that going to impact our Infrastructure Plan or do we have the money
available? Are you going to have all that stuff together when you come to
Council?

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director: Yes, all of the above. The idea
is to give you options on funding plans. Some you won't like; some you'll
prefer. You'll have a menu to choose from. The good thing is that if we
move within a reasonable time, depending on the Fed movement, the
interest rates are still attractive. It depends on level of negotiations that we
would take. I would hope that it's not too prolonged. As you know, we've
been doing this for thre years. Some of it is not in our control, but the
funding mechanisms and plans are. We could always have that discussion,
and we're preparing for that. We had a meeting today, as a matter of fact,
                                                                         Page 50 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
