                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Berman not participating

17.   Consideration of Ad Hoc Committee Report and Recommendations,
      Review of Polling, and Discussion and Direction on Potential 2016
      Business Tax to Fund Transportation and Parking Improvements,
      Including Alternative Timing Options, Elements of Measure, Preliminary
      Revenue Estimates, and Potential Projects and Impacts.

Mayor Burt:      We now move to former Item Number 17 which is
consideration of an Ad Hoc Committee report and recommendations and a
review of polling and discussion and direction on potential 2016 business tax
to fund transportation and parking improvements including alternative
timing options, elements of measure, preliminary revenue estimates, and
potential projects and impacts. Mr. Keene, did you want to proceed there?

James Keene, City Manager: Yes, Mr. Mayor. I'm going to ask Claudia to
assist here also, as I was not the person at the last Committee meeting. I
do know that we've got 50 percent of our consultant team here right now. I
think Dave Metz is—is he on his way? Probably just stuck in traffic. Fitting.
Claudia, did you want to take the lead? Then, I'll pitch in with you.

Claudia Keith, Public Information Manager: Sure. We have Charles Heath of
our outreach firm, TBWB, who attended all the Ad Hoc Committee meetings.
Dave Metz, from our pollster firm FM3, went through the second round of
polling. The Council heard the first conceptual poll in mid-April and directed
Staff and the consultants to work with the Ad Hoc Committee on both
outreach and potential second round of polling. Charles Heath can just talk
a little bit about some of the outreach that we've done in a very, very
compressed timeframe.       We did some in-person meetings, which he'll
outline. Also, we did an online survey to both small businesses and the
medium and large businesses that are registered in the Business Registry,
with some questions to inform the ad hoc committee's deliberation and
process and to get some feedback from a broader spectrum than we could
really do in a compressed timeframe. That's part of the Staff Report as well
as the results from the second poll. I think Charles could perhaps, maybe
talk about just in summary what we learned from our outreach efforts.

Mayor Burt: Before Charles begins, if I can just share how the Committee
had taken its responsibility which was, at the direction of the Council, to fully
explore the option of a local transportation tax for this Fall's ballot and to the
extent possible flesh out context, the alternatives and bring them to the
Council for consideration. Other than a couple of places where we had
strong consensus by the Committee, we didn't attempt to take majority and
minority votes on items. If we didn't have consensus, we said that we

                                                                           Page 44 of 98
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/27/16
