                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: All we're doing tonight is we're approving what
Staff asked for and directing Staff to come back with a resolution. What if
they came back with a couple of options in that two weeks?

Council Member Kniss: I'm not even sure where the boundaries are at this
point. I've heard us say different plans, and we've talked about do we do
College Terrace or do we do something else. I think your suggestion, Tom,
is that in "9: and "10" we don't sell any permits until we work out something
else. Am I correct?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Again, if you're concerned with like the
decrease in "Gi" here on the screen, again maybe we could have two options
but have Staff come back with those options for us. I don't feel like we're
really deciding anything right now other than to let Staff move forward with
their contractors. I know we're asking them to come back ...

Council Member Kniss: I'd say fine, move forward with the contractors, but
other than that come back to us. I hate to do it. I know how jammed we
are. At the same time, at 12:30 at night with an almost empty group here,
we are doing exactly what we said we wouldn't do at our Retreat.

Council Member DuBois: I guess what I'm suggesting is let's have them
come back with something specific rather than just continue.

Council Member Kniss: Yes, exactly, precisely.

Council Member DuBois: You're just saying continue the item which is not
direction.

Council Member Kniss: Yes. Tom, you're free to put words in my mouth.

Council Member Schmid: Aren't those the words that are there, that we're
just asking them to come back within four weeks or five weeks?

Council Member Kniss: No, within two weeks. No, I'm not decreasing
employee permits. I think it's probably a good idea, but it's first the night
we've mentioned it. No one is here to respond to it. Return to Council with
a program to meter the nonresident hang tags, daily scratchers, I think
that's fine. Distribute it by zones. At this point, we're saying Zone 9 and
Zone 10 are not included, correct?

Council Member Schmid: Signs are going up but no allocation ...

Council Member DuBois: Right.

Council Member Schmid: ... is the only change.
                                                                     Page 116 of 125
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/1/16
