                          TRANSCRIPT
where it was. Until you put some money into the TMA, there's no sense in
asking the employees where they live. Somewhere it's not been integrated,
and I urge you to create some changes that operationalize management of
the traffic. Just for common sense, it just seems to be neglected on one
quadrant of our employees, those that don't fall into the aforementioned
employee groups. It seems to me it's just a wasted opportunity at very low
cost. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Art Liberman.

Arthur Liberman: Good evening, Mayor and Councilpeople. My name's Art
Liberman; I live in Barron Park. I want to focus on one aspect of the
presentation, which was the concept of stress for cyclists, which I
understand can be very useful. It also can create erroneous perceptions and
false measures. Specifically, the analysis in the report ignored the question
of pedestrian safety largely. Specifically, pedestrian safety on multiuse
paths, also called shared paths. I'm as happy as anyone to see so many
people on bicycles these days. For many people, a shared path is a
destination in itself. It's not a transportation corridor. It's particularly true
for heavily used shared paths that are in or through or alongside a park, the
ones in Barron Park, the Baylands and Shoreline Park in Mountain View.
These are places for outdoor exercises, for jogging and walking by
pedestrians for enjoyment of the environment, for relaxation and for cycling.
Google contributed to the formulation of stress in this report. As stated,
Google focused on commuters. It ignored the other users of the path and
the importance of the other uses of the path to the community. As a
consequence, shared paths are viewed by the transportation people as
having the lowest stress. I think that's a mistake. It's how it is written.
The lowest stress, called LTS-1 "is assigned to multiuse paths and these are
paths," the report goes on, "that demand little attention from cyclists."
Little attention from cyclists. That ignores that cyclists must (inaudible) to
watch out for a kid running out, a dog stretching its leash, a pedestrian
turning around, an elderly person have difficulty, mobility problems that in
fact may not be able to be diagnosed by a speeding cyclist. In summary,
saying that there's traffic stress for all multiuse paths, as does this report,
can send the wrong message to cyclists. I call upon the transportation
people to clarify this. I challenge them to consider and compute pedestrian
stress and not just bicycle stress on multiuse paths. I'd like to see—actually
when I came to see measuring bicycle and pedestrian comfort and stress,
something that actually had to do with pedestrians' comfort and stress,
there was really nothing very much presented this evening. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council for comments. It's
almost a quarter to 7:00 P.M. when this item is scheduled to be ended. If I
                                                                         Page 32 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
