                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I think the distinction is whether we are adopting it with the
City Manager's statement that he intended to address the thrust of what
Mr. Borock's comments were.

Council Member Holman: That's what I'm trying to get clarification on.

Mr. Keene: Sorry. I'm looking for that right now. Hillary, could you come
up here and help me with this? Just (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Jim, I'm not sure that she's looking for the exact language but
the intent.

Council Member Holman: Yeah.

Mr. Keene: The intent was to be responsive to the comments in part.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. We spent some time reviewing
Mr. Borock's suggestions. Our thought was to incorporate his suggestion
regarding Section 106. The other comments related to the comment period
and the duration of that, we felt like we didn't need to incorporate those.
We've completed the letter. It's going to meet the deadline as originally
articulated by the agencies.

Mayor Burt: Is that acceptable?

Council Member Holman: Yes. I'd specifically reference Section 106. Just a
quick process point. I thought we usually heard from members of the public
who wanted to speak to the Consent Calendar before we made a Motion
about the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Burt: I don't know.

Council Member Holman: I'm pretty sure we do, because it could be that a
member of the public could influence our vote potentially.

Mayor Burt: It's certainly before we vote. That Motion to approve has been
made by Council Member Kniss, seconded by Council Member Holman, with
the modification as stated by Director Gitelman. We have one speaker,
Omar Chatty, to speak on Item Number 13.

Omar Chatty, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 13: Hello. My
name's Omar Chatty. As you know, from time to time I come to this
esteemed Council and the Mayor to give you the latest kill numbers on
Caltrain High Speed Rail since 1995, when the Peninsula Joint Power Board
and High Speed Rail and Sacramento agreed to use the Caltrain standard-
                                                                          Page 9 of 128
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
