                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I think the term of project is more limiting than the intention. I
was actually earlier using particular areas of focus within Priorities. I would say
the answer is that it's both projects and these particular areas of focus. For
example, the airplane noise, the Council could consider having that as a
standalone Priority or could look at where it most properly fits as an area of
focus, including projects related to it, under whatever Priorities we agree to
today. I think we all know that that's one area that we are having increased
focus on. How to put it within this context is what we'll talk about now.

Council Member Kniss: It may not be. My issue being it may not be a long-
term Priority. That's one that we would hope we could solve within the next
few months. Whereas, most of our Priorities have gone on hopefully for three
years.

Mayor Burt: Your optimism is overwhelming on that.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, may I just ...

Council Member Kniss: One has to be optimistic.

Mr. Keene: As somebody who has worked hard with the Staff on the structure
and the nomenclature for the work plan, I would agree with the Mayor that we
apply the term project both loosely and restrictively. There's certainly out of
these 69 things something that's very clear, like you would typically think of a
project. The Fire Station Number 3, for example, is in the infrastructure list.
We put airplane noise as the first project under Healthy City/Healthy
Community. Clearly that's an initiative, that's an area of focus. It's not exactly
a project in the same way. You'll have the opportunity to work through this.
Going back to Council Member DuBois' question to the Mayor, the first portion
of this, as the Mayor said, you're clarifying the Priorities and doing some forced
ranking as far as what you saw within those Priorities where the focus ought to
be. The real key is ultimately going to be during the course of the year how do
we continue to manage the focus on something. Again, let me just stay with
those two examples. For the most part, I would imagine that on the Fire
Station Number 3, we're not going to have to have a lot of attention and
direction from the Council and the community in an ongoing basis, in a regular
way. We can probably pretty much almost on autopilot get that project done.
On the issue of, again, airplane noise, that may be something that requires
much more engagement and ongoing direction from the Council and your desire
to say to us publicly are we putting enough attention to this during the course
of the year or are we not.

Mayor Burt: Just procedurally today, since I don't have light buttons, I'm
relying on peripheral vision to see Council Members. Just wave and make sure
that I catch your eye. Also, if you'd all wait to have that done. For instance,
                                                                          Page 30 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
