                          TRANSCRIPT
Correct me, George, if I'm wrong. It's you change out the entire shower,
and there's various fixtures that have to go in that along with the plumbing
and the electrical. It's doing all of that. It's not swapping out small faucets.

Mayor Burt: Is that written somewhere?

Mr. Edds: It is written, George, in the California Building Code?

Mayor Burt: That's a definition of a fixture in the Code?

Mr. Edds: He's the expert.

Mr. Hoyt: A fixture would be a toilet, a shower component, a lavatory.

Mayor Burt: It's clear somewhere in our Code?

Mr. Hoyt: Yes, it is.

Mayor Burt: It's not judgmental?

Mr. Hoyt: It's not judgmental. It's actually a definition of a fixture. It's in
the body of the Code under definitions.

Mayor Burt: That's helpful. Thanks.

Mr. Hoyt: I think one thing that we're not considering is our current practice
that says I was going to install a new shower. I would have charged the
shower fee as it was, which was very low, and an established valuation from
the contractor to install that. Use the valuation table to come up with that
fee. For instance, I wouldn't be charging a $5 fee to install a shower and get
a permit. I'd be charging a $50 fee that is based off the valuation and the
fee. We're in the current process of trying to create these valuation-based
fees for new construction and these non-valuation fees for smaller
components such as kitchen remodels and bathroom remodels.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I'll just add if we have a Motion that directs a
portion of this back to Finance rather than the whole, I don't want Staff to
feel like we're asking for everything to be explicit. I would think it's
probably going to be more appropriate to have written guidelines that
describe the boundaries rather than try to say here's the exact place if
you're 210 feet of a jumpy house, you've got a permit. If you're 190, you
don't. I think that's also misguided. I think there does have to be some
judgment. Right now, it's just like whatever the Committee decides as
opposed to here's the framework in which we say approximately this is a
little event and this is a medium event and this is a large event. How do we

                                                                          Page 94 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
