                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: First, let me also acknowledge, as Mayor Burt
did, that Staff was really under a time crunch here due to State action. I
fully appreciate the best efforts by Staff to bring us something in short
order. Great work but, as we've acknowledged, we want to see a little bit—
at least I would like to see a little bit more outreach. I know we're not doing
Motions right now. I wonder if maybe a good process going forward would
be to have Staff do a little bit more outreach to the community, have ...

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, let's do technical questions, then
we're going to hear from the public, and then we'll return and we can talk
about process, what we want to occur versus at this time questions about
the process.

Council Member Wolbach: Here's a question about process. Could Staff—
what would the timeline look like? Would it be possible for Staff to do a little
bit more outreach to some of our community groups, other stakeholders that
weren't included in this drafting, and then bring any further revisions back to
Council? What would that look like for Staff workload and also for timeline?

Mr. Keene: One, yes, I think we can do that in a timely fashion. I think we
can design that, but I would hope that, by the time you end the discussion
on this Item tonight, we've gotten a sense of some of your thoughts about
some of the outreach and the participants who do need to be involved.
Then, what I would say is we would pretty promptly, certainly by early
February, be able to talk with the Mayor and Vice Mayor as we're looking at
the Agenda and setting the Agenda to identify a tentative date when we
could roughly be coming back to the Council. We could let not only you
know, but the broader community know how quickly we would be back on
that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: My understanding is we have a February 1st
deadline to adopt something. I guess a third option that I haven't heard
discussed is we could just adopt the BAWSCA Regional Ordinance instead of
the State tonight. Right?

Mr. Pirnejad: We couldn't do that, because we didn't notice that we were
going to adopt the State Ordinance. We noticed that we were going to adopt
our local Ordinance. We'd have to have a public hearing to adopt the
BAWSCA Ordinance without any modifications.          What you have are
modifications to the BAWSCA Ordinance.

Council Member DuBois: We could adopt the BAWSCA Ordinance, say, at
the next Council meeting before February 1st?
                                                                             Page 32 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
