                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'm going to make it into a question, and then I
won't have to make it a comment. Looking down, is there any other area
you can think of where we have absolutely no control over Town and
Country at all? That's a private shopping center. We have no control over
Paly High School. We do not control the schools. On the far side is
Stanford, over which we have very little control. That was a question I
think.

Mr. Mello: This is definitely a very constrained corridor. We had to think
very deliberately about what the obstacles were on all four sides of this
corridor.

Council Member Kniss: That way I don't have to speak again.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I can't find what slide number it is. If you look at
even what's up here on the screen, whether it's 1 or 2, on the (inaudible)
the cursor is. Drop the cursor down a little bit onto the Paly—no, a little bit.
Hang it right there. I know that's—where'd it go? It left. Anyway, that's
where it was. I know that's Paly land. If I look at where trees are being
added in Alternative 1, if I look at where trees are planted there, we all
know that trees are traffic calming elements. Just a quick question, because
other good questions have been asked. Why would we not work with the
School District or have we worked with the School District to try to get a
tree planted sort of around where the bus shelter is?

Mr. Mello: We could certainly do that. This is just an illustration of where
we think we could likely accommodate trees within the right-of-way.

Council Member Holman: Would you view that as a positive thing?

Mr. Mello: Yes, definitely. It would provide shade for shuttle riders and
enclose the roadway a little bit more, which would definitely provide a traffic
calming effect.

Mayor Burt: This is really quite a project that's going to turn a very chaotic
and inefficient and unsafe area into a greatly improved one. In that context,
we'll have a lot of improvement to bike safety. Have you looked at how
these improvements in efficiency and safety would result in any estimated
mode shift of more bikes and fewer cars in this section? Do we have any
estimates on that impact?

Mr. Mello: The science around this is pretty incomplete right now. There is
a recent study that looked at several cities in the United States that added
                                                                         Page 73 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
