                          TRANSCRIPT
annexes into the DP or not. If not, come back as the third priority for a
separate RPP district." That would be what I had intended there. Edgewood
Plaza would then be the four priority. If you want to change your Motion to
make some sense in that context. Your amendment.

Council Member DuBois: I'll strike my amendment if you will accept those
changes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Okay.

Mayor Burt: That makes it simpler.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part D, “which would be
given third priority.”

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: That's fine.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Based on resident input.

Mr. Mello: Could I offer a suggestion? We have what's called the eligibility
area for the Downtown RPP. That's the larger area that you created as part
of Phase 2.     Once an area is added to the eligibility area, it's an
administrative process to be annexed into Downtown RPP. A simpler way to
handle this might be to just add those streets to the eligibility area, and then
they could decide to submit a petition to be administratively annexed to the
Downtown RPP.

Mayor Burt: If they don't elect to do that, then it comes back to the Council.
If they do, you don't have to come to Council. You just give it to them.

Mr. Mello: We would still come, but we could put a resolution on Consent I
suppose.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can you change the language to do that?

Council Member DuBois: Would there be any discussion about how many
permits would be sold in those (crosstalk).

Mr. Mello: How would I change the language? I would say ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Wouldn't the language say if Crescent Park ...

                                                                        Page 113 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
