                          TRANSCRIPT
the appellant pays the $280 fee, then the Applicant pays a deposit for
$3,000. Then they pay the legal fees that go with that.

Council Member DuBois: But then there's a separate flat fee on the next
row below that which is not clear.

Ms. Gitelman: There are two rows that would apply to the Applicant, the
deposit and the flat fee for legal review.

Council Member DuBois: Depending where it goes, the ARB or the Council,
there's different fees. Right?

Ms. Gitelman: Pardon me?

Council Member DuBois: Depending where that appeal goes, it looks like
there are different flat fees if it goes to ARB or PTC.

Ms. Gitelman: No, the next row relates to the legal review of an ARB
application. It doesn't relate to appeals.

Council Member DuBois: I think we're probably aligned, and what we're
trying to do is have some sense of fairness.       If it's a spurious appeal, it
seems like it could be resolved fairly quickly with not a lot of legal
investment. I do think the idea of the Applicant paying makes a little bit of
sense. If we believe that projects that are likely to be appealed are pushing
the boundaries, I think, the applicant probably bears some responsibility in
that they were pushing something to the edge that somebody appealed. I
had questions on the Director hearing fee. Again, is that another form of
appeal? Who pays for that? That's on Page 95.

Ms. Gitelman: It's the person who requests a hearing.        We've seen them
requested again by the applicant or by a neighbor.

Council Member DuBois: Wouldn't a potential process include a director's
hearing and then an appeal to Council?

Mr. Lait: An IR, Individual Review, application is an example where the
director makes a decision. An Applicant or adjacent neighbor requests this
hearing. That's a hearing before a hearing officer, and then that decision is
memorialized in a Staff Report and sent to the City Council. The Council, if
you have the three votes, can pull it off and have a hearing on that matter.
It considers the Director's hearing and also a report to Council and possible
hearing.



                                                                          Page 22 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
