                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thanks. Finally, do we have a set of objectives that were
adopted when we initiated this program?

Mr. Mello: No. It's been quite a work in progress throughout Phase 1 and 2.
There's no kind of overarching goals that have been driving us.

Mayor Burt:   I'll have something to talk about later.       Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: One quick follow-up. Back to this question of
where are some of these cars coming from. That 13 percent was just for
permanent employee stickers, not hangtags or dailies, right?

Ms. Atkinson: That would be a total of annual permits that were on the
street. That would be a decal or a hangtag.

Council Member DuBois: Are the hangtags and dailies limited by zone?

Ms. Atkinson: Yes. All employee permits are zone specific.

Council Member DuBois: I was thinking there were more dailies in a certain
zone on certain days. Those are limited to that 30, 40 percent?

Ms. Atkinson: Yeah. For daily permits, I don't recall offhand how many we
had printed, but they were evenly distributed between Zones 1-8.
Essentially when someone buys one, they get whatever is on the top of the
stack. They're not able to buy a Zone 1 daily scratcher. They have to buy
just a daily scratcher, and they get whatever is mailed to them.

Council Member DuBois:    Is that in addition to the 30-40 percent annual
permits?

Ms. Atkinson: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: It is. That could overload a zone potentially.
You're distributing on the eight, right?

Ms. Atkinson: They're distributed randomly. Daily scratchers were not
included in the total number of permits allocated to each zone or the total
2,000 permits. It's nearly impossible to ascertain how many people would
be parking with a daily permit on any given day. That said, employees can
only purchase up to four per month. It's meant to be a way to encourage
other modes and to park occasionally.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

                                                                      Page 83 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
