                           TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto residents? Are we going to cancel it? Are we going to decide we
don't do that anymore? I really caution against things that don't give Staff
discretion where I think most people in Palo Alto would say—I don't know
what the thing in the Moonlight Run is; I'm just using it as an example—we
should go ahead and do that anyway. What happens if we decided we
wanted to have a marathon that ran from Mountain View through Palo Alto
through East Palo Alto as a demonstration of friendship between our cities?
That would be a regional event. I think there's a lot of possibility of why you
might want to do a regional event in our parks. I think the idea that we
would be so prescriptive is a real negative. Moving on to Packet Page 54, I
did that. Packet Page 66. I want to talk a little bit about the unique
opportunity sites. I am actually troubled a little bit by the Cubberley
Community Center being a unique opportunity site. I don't understand how
that relates to ...

Mayor Burt: You said Packet Page 66?

Vice Mayor Scharff:         Sixty-six, yes, Packet Page 66, under unique
opportunity sites. I don't understand how the Cubberley Community Center
is an opportunity site while at the same time—and how that relates to the
notion of doing a Master Plan in context with the School District on that.
There may be buildings there that would not be park uses. There could all
be a bunch of stuff. I don't really see this as the purview of the Parks and
Rec Commission. I see this as the purview of the master planning of the
Cubberley site. There may be park aspects to it, but it's not the Parks
Commission that should be driving that. It should be the master planning
process that we're working with the School District. On the Baylands
Athletic Center, I just think that might be a typo. Is it 10.25 or 10.5? I just
noticed it.

Mr. de Geus: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I thought. I just thought someone should
note that and fix it when they get a chance. When we talked about creating
that 10 1/2 acres, we talked about playing fields. That's always been what
we've talked about. I strongly think there is a shortage of playing fields in
Palo Alto, and we need to build playing fields over there. I worry that we're
getting distracted on this notion of possibly not doing playing fields, keeping
it as open space, that kind of stuff. I think we need to focus on getting
playing fields out there and getting them built. Now Packet Page 80. On
Packet Page 80, there are two things I noticed. One is this notion of two
acre minimum parks. I was really unclear how that relates to—if we see a
half acre that could be a great park, we should buy the half acre and turn it


                                                                       Page 21 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
