                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Actually, one thing I forgot to mention. San
Antonio does have an itty-bitty, unprotected sidewalk and unprotected
crossings. I think that crossing is controlled by the County; the County's
looking at maybe some changes to it. I don't think that our moving ahead
with this should diminish our lobbying and communication with the County
about improvements to the safety at the south end of Palo Alto. I still think
that, as we look to the future, improving our other crossings at University, at
Oregon, Embarcadero and also at San Antonio, I think will continue to be
important into the future.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously. We have
one more item to see if we can be expeditious on.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

7.    Review and Discussion Regarding the Urban Forest Master Plan Draft
      Revisions to Goals, Policies, and Programs and Alternate Vision
      Statement.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is review and discussion of the Urban Forest
Master Plan draft revisions to goals, policies and programs and an
alternative vision statement.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Once again, good evening, Mayor Burt
and members of the City Council. Mike Sartor, Public Works Director. I'll
just keep this very brief. I know Walter Passmore, our Urban Forester, to
my right has been working with you on the creation of the Urban Forest
Master Plan for almost 2 1/2 years now. It was brought to you first last
year. You, at that time, asked that we work with some community groups to
work on some enhancements to it. That's what we're bringing to you
tonight. Also, at places on your table is a list of the folks that were involved
in working with Walter on these enhancements. With that, I'll turn it over to
Walter to give a Staff presentation. Thank you.

Walter Passmore, Urban Forestry Manager: I'm going to go through these
slides very quickly. I'm not going to read every bullet. I do want to mention
that the stakeholders on that list, many of them were present tonight but
left due to the late hour. With that being said, we just want to review what
Council asked us to do last year when you adopted the Plan. You asked us
for enhancements in a second edition.         Those included tree species;
enhancement of Goal Number 5 which was a planning and development
goal; an alternate vision statement; an analysis of how to correct canopy
disparity between north and south Palo Alto; more language about
agriculture or edible landscaping; inclusion of environmental groups;
enhancements for native habitat; and also development impacts. Somewhat
                                                                         Page 94 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
