                         TRANSCRIPT
Staff is nodding their heads, so yes. There's this informal agreement we
have with Stanford. It could be considered legal non-conforming or some
might interpret it as illegal non-conforming. Under the Zoning Code, it is
legal. Is that Staff's interpretation? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: First I have questions on the hazardous materials issues.
There were questions raised about whether there is adequate sampling and
then monitoring. First, whether sampling would be done along the Page Mill
face of the project and whether that needs to be done, also whether
sampling for PCBs will be adequately addressed. Can you provide any
information on that?

Ms. Waugh:       In the EIR, we refer to a Phase 1 environmental site
assessment and a limited Phase 2 investigation. Both of those involved
sampling. There are maps in both of those reports that show where the
sampling occurred. There was sampling on the end of the property closer to
Page Mill including in the location of the former transformers that could have
left PCBs.

Mayor Burt: The sampling covers both TCE and PCB?

Ms. Waugh:    Correct.   There's soil and vapor sampling and groundwater
sampling.

Mayor Burt: The applicant said because they're lessees they can't grant an
easement for a perspective bikeway spine at the rear of the property. What
would be the process by which that could be built into this approval if
possible?

Ms. Griego: Good evening, Tiffany Griego from Stanford. May I first get
clear on what your vision is for where this would lay out? Did you say east-
west?

Mayor Burt: I should be looking at the larger map. I hadn't looked at how
this has been discussed in relation to the parcels that run the balance of the
way toward El Camino and how you'd split those parcels.

Ms. Griego: I think you're talking about what we have historically heard
College Terrace refer to as the spine road.

Mayor Burt: Right. More recently, there's been consideration of it being a
bicycle spine if not a vehicle spine.

Ms. Griego: We have not looked at that on a comprehensive level. I think
the City has not studied a bike/ped spine there. There is not a notion yet in

                                                                        Page 69 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
