                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Ramberg: I did a quick search, but let me verify what the result was. I
don't want to just put something out there.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks.

Council Member Kniss:      Mr. Mayor, could I just comment back to his
question?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Kniss: I'm pretty sure it's $19, because I heard a lot about
it from Supervisor Chavez. It definitely is that in nonprofits, which Patricia
Gardner told me about. Unless they've changed it since ...

Mayor Burt: I just have maybe one question that's kind of a follow-up to
some of these others around the discretions that we have and how it might
play out for tipped employees. I understand it's pretty clear that the issue
on pooling is resolved; that is not something within our discretion. We have
discretion to—given that we're acting at well above the State minimum
wage, we have discretion to exempt essentially school employees, teens
called learners, those under collective bargaining agreements. All those
things we can say, "We're going to increase the minimum wage but not for a
series of different groups."     What is it that is different about tipped
employees to say that they aren't similar to these other groups in that we
have discretion that we're lifting it for employees with the following
exceptions?

Ms. Silver: That's a very good question and observation. Unfortunately, we
have Labor Code 351. That really sets that particular issue apart. Labor
Code 351 has been held by the courts to say that if you exempt a tipped
employee or if you provide a tip credit as to the State minimum wage
certainly, that's prohibited.

Mayor Burt: Labor Code 351, does it say—it applies to State minimum
wage, right? Does it say anything about applying to minimum wages that
are above the State minimum wage? How does it claim purview?

Ms. Silver: It doesn't specifically say State minimum wage. It refers to
wages in general. The courts have concluded that wages mean State
minimum wage. It's still, as we mentioned, an open issue as to whether
wages includes local minimum wage.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Just this other question about a future study. It
was mentioned about a local one. Is there a consideration of a sub-regional
one?   We have a number of surrounding cities with similar economic
                                                                       Page 71 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
