                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: You're moving the Staff recommendation?

Council Member Kniss:    I am moving the Staff recommendation.           Let me
mention that.

Mayor Burt: Let me just pause. Who seconded it?

Council Member Berman: Scharff.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff. Go right ahead and speak to your Motion.

MOTION:     Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to:

A.   Authorize Staff to amend the 1991 Cubberley Master Plan to provide
     for additional uses in Buildings A, B, C, D, I, J, K, and P currently
     occupied by Foothill Community College (educational use) and apply
     for necessary planning entitlements to allow additional community
     oriented uses; and

B.   Authorize the City Manager to accept a lease rate of $1.00 per square
     foot for Avenidas to occupy up to 10,000 square feet at the Cubberley
     Community Center to operate a temporary senior center during the
     renovations at 450 Bryant Street; and

C.   Adopt a finding that these actions are exempt from the California
     Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) under Section 15301 of the CEQA
     Guidelines.

Council Member Kniss: This authorizes the Staff to amend the '91 Cubberley
Master Plan, to accept the lease rate of $1 per square foot and also to adopt
a finding regarding the exemptions from CEQA. To go back to my comments
on Avenidas. As I said, they offer something truly unique to the community.
They won't be there for a long enough time, I think, to not allow some other
groups to come in, in the relatively near future. 2020 being relatively near.
I think the contribution that you make to the community is quite unique. It
also will be very interesting because those who live near or in that area have
often said they would really like to have a senior center, they would like to
have healthcare programs nearby. Avenidas offers many, many healthcare
programs in addition to programs in yoga and nutrition and so forth. I don't
know how many programs you offer, but I think it must be about 100 by the
time you get done with what you offer in a week. I'm delighted to see this
opportunity for an exchange and especially for the area close to Cubberley to
have this opportunity to interact with the senior center.


                                                                       Page 28 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
