                          TRANSCRIPT

thought they over-parked frankly and wasted money on it. It wasn't their
fault. I think that's because of us. In general I agree that I would like to
cut down on that, but I want some—given a robust TDM program, you
shouldn't have to build all the parking necessarily if you really believe the
TDM program is going to work. I don't know how we integrate that. I'm
supportive of your concept; I just think there should be some ability to say
they're not going to create more cars here, we don't need to build the
parking.

Council Member Holman: Our problem is that our TDM programs are not
enforced and mostly not even enforceable. That's where the rubber hits the
road.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't believe that's true.

Council Member Holman: It is true. Except for like I think two projects,
maybe three in town. They're self-reporting and the City does not follow up
on them, partly because of staffing capability and bandwidth.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add the end of Part B of the Motion, “and code required
parking without reductions.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: May I offer a way that we not necessarily as part of this, but
going forward that we are going to be able to address this. With our RPPs,
new projects whether they be commercial or residential, if they're ineligible
for residential permits in the RPP zones, then it really addresses the under-
parking issue to a much greater degree than we've ever been able to. I
don't think we can include that—I don't foresee a way that we can include it
tonight, but I wanted to put that on the table, because it's a valid concern
and how do we reconcile driving toward TDM programs. If somebody
eliminates say, hypothetically, half of their car trips as a result of TDM but
they still have to have the same number of parking spaces even though they
have half the cars, that's really in all seriousness what we're trying to move
toward. We're going to have to figure out how we reconcile that, but I don't
think we can do it tonight.

Council Member Holman: I don't disagree with the vision, but it's just
implementation to this point in time. That was my only comment.


                                                                        Page 69 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
