                          TRANSCRIPT
twice our long-term, nonresidential growth rate. That doesn't seem to
capture the notion of low to high. Maybe my first general question is
shouldn't we be addressing a low and a high somewhere. Let me give six
specific examples. First is the jobs/housing balance. Palo Alto isn't like
other communities. You say every community is different. We are really
different. We have three jobs to every employed residence. There's no
other city of over 50,000 people in the United States that has that. If you
look around the Bay Area, Silicon Valley, we have rates that are dramatically
higher than every other community including San Francisco.                  The
jobs/housing imbalance is something we have to deal with in our scenarios.
How can we address it? How can we look for mitigations of that issue? Let's
look at the key mitigation issues or problem areas. Traffic. Let me just
focus on Trans 1. Trans 1 looks at intersections. There are five key
intersections you look at. I'm sorry. There are 11 or 12, but there are five
that will be operating, are now operating at F levels. All four scenarios have
at least three intersections. Those intersections leave out at least six
intersections that were included in the 1998 Comp Plan. Other intersections
on El Camino and Sand Hill that we have noted in approving local projects in
the last few months that will be operating at F sections. The conclusion is
that even the mitigations, including TDMs, grade separations, regional
solutions, would not eliminate the projected impacts of five of the six
intersections we've been talking about. Traffic remains a critical, significant
and unavoidable issue. Why not look at slower, nonresidential growth?
Question number one. Look then at TDM. TDM is identified as maybe the
most effective means, mitigation that we have in our toolbox. If you look at
the TDMs that work, there seem to be two around here that do. One is the
Stanford Medical Center. Why does that work? Stanford is going to be fined
$177,000 for each year it doesn't meet the goal. They have committed
$125 million in things like Go Passes and shuttles and Zipcars and
emergency drivers, a whole host of things. $2.5 million a year to deal with
11,000 workers. They control each worker. They have a payroll with all the
SUMC workers on it. Those are conditions that don't exist anywhere else in
our town, that type of control, that commitment to spending. They have an
annual report where they do a survey. It's interesting they've been working
on this now for four or five years. They just came out last year and said,
"We had to relook at our surveys and actually our weightings weren't done
correctly. We have to adjust our numbers 15-20 percent down." Stanford is
having trouble getting an appropriate measurement to make it work.
Another area where TDM seems to work is north of 101 in Mountain View.
What do they have? They have two big employers, but the key thing is
there are only three routes in. As the Mayor pointed out, they have placed a
cap on the number of cars that they want entering. They can measure it,
and they do measure it very effectively on an ongoing basis. It's hard to do
that in Palo Alto. We don't have a big business section with only three roads
                                                                           Page 83 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
