                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: We'll now go to Council Member Questions, Comments and
Announcements before we go into our Closed Session. Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to say we had a Town Hall meeting last
week, which Council Member Wolbach and Filseth and I attended.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Can I before the people leave, because I realize
Barron Park folks may want to hear this. Council Member Kniss forwarded to
me that we received, I think, today a certificate of recognition by the Silicon
Valley Council of Nonprofits for Palo Alto being a 2016 Changemaker of the
Year for our advocacy for the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to briefly thank Staff for the Town
Hall. It was a cold, rainy night. We actually had a good turnout in College
Terrace. I know there's another Town Hall tomorrow night in Barron Park.

Mayor Burt: I'll just add about two events last week. The first was I was
invited to speak on a Mayor's panel at the American Water Summit in
Florida. It was quite a contrast. On the panel amongst others was the
Mayor of Flint, Michigan. The water issues that we face versus they face is
all too striking in the difference. When I shared our water cost—this was a
large national organization of officials and private-sector leaders in the water
sector—there was a collective gasp in the room at what we pay for water
here. On the other hand, all of the initiatives that that high cost of water
drives us to do and makes cost effective were also the sorts of things that
this body of people have as an ideal. Our water efficiency measures, our
recycling, but also the framing of the water energy nexus where water is—
hydro power is 45 percent of our clean electricity. It's also a jeopardized
natural resource for us from climate change. We certainly have storm and
tidal threats from sea level rise. Water intersects us in ways that are really
emblematic of all of its value and impacts. On Thursday, I was able to join
the East Palo Alto City Council for their swearing-in ceremony and election of
their new Mayor and Vice Mayor. There was a really strong expression of
appreciation for the initiative that we launched just a week ago for a transfer
of what's a small portion of our water allocation for what is a very valuable
and important aspect of their wellbeing in East Palo Alto. It really is
something that was even more appreciated by their leadership and their
community than I had anticipated.          I just wanted to share that with
everyone. On that note, we'll go into …

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor?
                                                                         Page 112 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
