                           TRANSCRIPT
was requested. The tenant still uses that primarily as wholesale. They have
done some minor retail sales out of there. We were not totally aware of
that. I still don't know exactly what the percentage is, but it's been
primarily warehouse. If you see the photographs, you can see that it's
warehouse. I do not see how a tenant improvement application would be
allowed to be submitted to the City when the parking requirement cannot be
met. If this was designated as retail, again it would have 34 parking spaces.
Because of the current interpretation of the Staff that we are a retail-like
use, we have been actively marketing the property as retail since Pet Food
Depot is moving out. We've been unable to lease it. We request that the
property—is this red light on?

Mayor Burt: You're all done, yeah.

Mr. Smith: We request that the property not be clouded by the Retail
Ordinance, that the practical use of this property be maintained and it stay
as warehouse. That's what we want. Incidentally, there's a shortage of
warehouse in Palo Alto.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Heather Young, to be followed
by Jonathan Satz. If any other speakers wish to speak on this topic, they
need to bring cards forward at this time. Welcome.

Heather Young: Good evening. My name is Heather Young. I'm an
architect and a small business owner in Palo Alto. Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor
Scharff and members of the City Council, thank you for giving me the
opportunity to speak with you this evening. A primary goal of the retail
Ordinance is to retain existing ground-floor uses that bring people, liveliness
and diversity of uses to our commercial neighborhoods. This is implied
throughout but stated in the Ordinance when it quotes the Comprehensive
Plan. It envisions inviting, pedestrian-scale centers with a mix of uses as
focal points for the neighborhoods. It is a means of retaining local services
and diversifying the City's economic base. The Ordinance in place has begun
to address these goals. It's clearly written to prevent office uses from
moving into ground-floor locations while encouraging and fostering a broad
diversity of retail and retail-like uses that vitalize our streets and storefronts.
As you discuss the Interim Retail Preservation Ordinance, please consider
strengthening the ordinance by expanding the definition of retail use to
include educational uses such as private educational facilities and business
and trade schools to the list of permitted retail uses. Ask yourself if yoga
and dance classes are allowed, why exclude tutoring and SAT prep. If the
retail Ordinance already allows daycare, shouldn't small-scale private
education like the AltSchool be allowed? The people you envision supporting
retail uses are the same people who will be supported by and enrolled in

                                                                           Page 62 of 105
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 08/22/16
