                          TRANSCRIPT
was on the process to be used. Essentially the Council was requesting that
there be additional opportunity and for a longer process, which the Authority
could ignore. However, the content for the project is something that they do
have to attend to, those kinds of comments. I suggest this time instead of
placing it on the Consent Calendar, as was done in January, that you
consider—I would suggest that it placed as an Action Item so that interested
members of the public can see as early as possible the Council's direction in
this week's Agenda Packet that's coming up on Thursday and see the letter
to see whether they should participate and make additional comments for
the Council. I would hope you would have it on the Council's Agenda for
consideration on Monday, June 6th, to meet the June 10th deadline. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sea Reddy to be followed by Kerry Yarkim.

Sea Reddy: Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Three minutes and
three topics.     Airport noise.     I've lived through the airport noise
improvement issues in Orange County, to speak of Newport Beach. They
have very specific restrictions on what time flights can come in. At 10:35
the airport shuts down. I'm not suggesting that those are the rules we want
to impose or we want to request, but I think our sister county there has a lot
of experience dealing with FAA. I would recommend we would underline
with them as to how they went about it. I think it's true we don't want at
3:00 in the morning four or five airplanes going around. I have woken up a
few times since I've been here. Let's work them, see how we can get, at the
State level or at the national level with FAA on changing this thing that
impacts us. We don't want to leave Palo Alto because of the airport noise.
There are other things we love about it. Second thing is about mailers. I
think we are getting a lot of mailers for the Assembly elections, every
election, I'm sure. I've found a way to give toothpicks. You can take this, if
you see these. I'm not mailing it, but you can use it as a toothpick after you
read about it. Thank you. Third thing is we have a lot of newspapers in this
town. A lot of people don't read papers anymore, but I like papers. I read
it, and I move on. Father's Day is coming up. One thing I read today in a
paper called Epoch Times; I do read it. There's a few advertisements. It
says about a very successful business lady. I would like you to read it. It
says I have a lot of father's character, optimism and a lot of strength, inner
strength of some kind. It's quoted by a Patricia Gucci, Goosey [phonetic].
It's not me. As I aspire to be whatever I aspire to be, I wake up in the
morning. I want to be this. I think we have something to live for. Thank
you all.

Kerry Yarkim: Good evening, Mayor and City Council people. This is the
unfriendly skies Number 2. I sent you all a letter, which details Dr. Christel's
                                                                         Page 12 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
