                         TRANSCRIPT
Male: (inaudible) work here.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right, if they work here.

Male: (inaudible) live here (inaudible).

Vice Mayor Scharff: How many using housing units work here? I said live
here; no wonder you looked at me like I'm an idiot. (crosstalk) Have we
looked at that?

Ms. Gitelman: This is interesting. What we did for 2030 is we had a
projection of the number of dwelling units, and we translated that into the
population based on average household size. We used the factor that ABAG
uses to get from population to employed residents. Only about half of our
population is actually working in Palo Alto. The others are retired, students
and the like. It's ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: When we say employed residents, those are employed
residents in the City. Is that it?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They're not just generally employed; they're employed
in the City.

Ms. Gitelman: No, no, no. They're just employed. They could be employed
anywhere.

Vice Mayor Scharff:     They could be employed anywhere; that's what I
thought.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. We don't know how many are employed in Palo
Alto versus in Menlo Park.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What we're saying is this EIR does not take into account
how many employees are employed in Palo Alto and how many are
employed in, say, San Jose or San Francisco.

Ms. Gitelman: That's not entirely accurate either, because the analysis of
traffic, for example, uses a travel forecast model that has in it origins and
destinations all over the Bay Area. Based on our projections of where
people are living and working, the model projects what the impacts will be.
In the population and housing section of the EIR, you won't see broken out
how many of those employed residents work in Palo Alto, but in the traffic
impact section and therefore in the air and noise, that is factored into the
modeling that's been done.
                                                                       Page 20 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
