                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I believe they said they needed to look at that and get back on
that one. They already responded in that way. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I have three or four questions. One is in response
to Council Member Filseth's question. The response was no, he can't water
his roses at 5:30. What's in the Staff Report seems to be different than
what's in the presentation. In the Staff Report, it clearly says on Page 264,
irrigation of turf or ornamental landscapes, blah, blah, blah, blah, except via
hand-watering with a bucket or hose with an operating shut-off valve.

Ms. Dailey: Thank you for pointing that out. If you're watering it by hand,
you're good.

Council Member Holman: As long as he has a shut-off valve. There was
something also new, at least to me. I didn't read it in the Staff Report. On
Slide 13, the third bullet here, use non-potable—it's permanent water use
restrictions. Use non-potable water for construction shall not be used if
other water source is available. I don't find that in the ordinance, and I
didn't find it in the Staff Report. Did I overlook it? I'm not opposed to it,
but I think it should be construction and demolition, if that's the case. I just
didn't find it, so I'm not clear what we're reviewing and voting on.

Ms. Dailey: It's worded poorly on that slide.

Council Member Holman:      The list is on Packet Page 264, but I don't find
that one.

Mayor Burt: Does the slide actually mean use ...

Council Member Holman: It is a typo, but I just didn't find any reference to
it at all.

Mayor Burt: Can we loop back on that (inaudible)?

Council Member Holman: Okay. I have another one. In the Ordinance, on
Packet Page 416 "F", City regulation of the time and manner of water use,
rate, design, and the method of application of water of certain uses and
establish enforcement procedures in support of water use management and
the effect blah, blah, blah. Again, I'm trying to get some clarity on what it is
we'd be approving tonight. That's very general. That's the ordinance; it's
not the resolution; it's the ordinance.

Mr. Shikada: It's in the recital section as a preface to the actual codification
sections.


                                                                         Page 39 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
