                         TRANSCRIPT
      extent practical, regional indigenous drought-resistant plant material
      capable of providing desirable habitat and that can be appropriately
      maintained;” and

C.    Remove from Municipal Code Section 18.76.020 (2)(b), “local” after
      “including historic.”

Mayor Burt: Now are we good? Please vote. That passes unanimously with
Council Members Kniss and Berman absent. That concludes this item.
Thank you.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Kniss absent

17.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Amending the Fiscal Year
      2017 Municipal Fee Schedule to Adjust Planning and Community
      Environment Fees to Reflect Adjustments to Salaries and Benefits
      Included in the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget.

Mayor Burt: We now return to Item Number 17. I have to leave to catch a
plane at around 10:00 P.M. This may be expeditious. Mr. Perez.

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager/Chief Financial Officer: Yes, thank you. I
will make it quick. I do not have a presentation. Just to let you know that
last spring the Planning Department conducted a review of the fees through
a study and updated those fees. As a result of the timing, we did not have
the 2016 numbers; we had 2015. The majority of the fees that were
adopted in the budget had a 5.5 percent average salary and benefit
adjustment. What we're trying to introduce to you tonight would be to
adjust those fees to match the rest of the fees that we recommended. This
would take effect no sooner than 60 days. It's a minimal impact in terms of
revenues, about $33,000 in additional revenue, a little bit over 1 percent of
the department revenues. It would be consistent with the rest of the fees.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Do we have any questions?       Council Member
Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just one question. We are approving a 5.5
percent increase which is called the increase in salary and benefits. I guess
we've just got a final operating budget. On Page 87 of the operating
budget, it has some confusing numbers. It says that salaries and benefits
have increased 3.4 percent between '16 and '17. Further on, at the bottom
of the Page, it says salaries have actually increased 5.5 percent, pensions
have increased 10 percent, and healthcare costs have increased 6.8. I'm
just wondering if the 5.5 percent increase we have here is underestimating

                                                                        Page 52 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/14/16
