                         TRANSCRIPT
is well familiar with. The appearance of single-family houses in the SOFA
area that were actually RM-40, because they were large houses that had
been divided into four or five units, but they were well integrated into the
community. It's because of how they looked, and they were traditional. If
you look at Oak Court that was developed in SOFA 1, how well integrated
that is into the neighborhood. I think whatever we do it's really important
for the community and us as a sense of pride that whatever we build or
whatever we design and our Comprehensive Plan as far as developmental
standards, that they be really compatible with existing community. I think
I'll stop there. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. Thank you to all the members of the
public who came to speak tonight on all sides of the issue. I thought that
was really a good group of comments. Clearly this is an issue that people
care a lot about, and it's an issue that I care a lot about. We have a housing
crisis in Palo Alto. We have a housing crisis on the Peninsula. We have a
housing crisis in the Bay Area. I'm not going to pretend to know exactly
what the solution is. I support a lot of the proposals that Staff have kind of
offered up in the Staff Report. My hope is that a combination of things
including building higher-density housing in and around our commercials
districts, supporting housing over additional commercial space in mixed use
developments, supporting micro units will lead to a situation where people
that live in larger, single-family homes and want to downsize to an area
that's walkable to services, which I hear a lot about from folks in the
community. My hope is that if we build that supply, then that will happen,
and that frees up single-family homes for families. It's this trickledown
effect and all these different moving pieces that might not necessarily lower
the cost of housing in Palo Alto, but might either slow or stop the growth of
the cost of housing in Palo Alto. Do I know that's going to work? No, I
don't. Do I know what won't work? Doing nothing. Doing nothing won't
work. If we really care about the cost of housing in Palo Alto and if we care
about the cost of housing in Silicon Valley, we need to be honest with
ourselves that the answer isn't do nothing because we don't know if doing
something will work. We have to try to do something. We have to do it in a
deliberate manner. We have to be strategic about it. We have to look to
best practices from other communities. I think that personally is my
philosophy and my kind of outlook on this problem. It's not to kind of
despair at the fact that we in Palo Alto can't solve the whole problem. We in
Palo Alto won't solve the whole problem, but we in Palo Alto have to try to
do our part to address what is a larger problem. I'm very intrigued by a lot
of the ideas that have been forward. I'm especially curious about the
affordable housing overlay zones in strategic areas. I hope that as a
                                                                       Page 78 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
