                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. McClure: We've looked at root zones. The arborist report in conjunction
with the City Landscape Architect and our landscape architect have
appropriately placed the boundaries of those walls.

Council Member Holman: I've never asked this about a—because of the
environment here, I've never asked this. Are our nonprofits required just
like any contracting project to put up a bond for trees?

Mr. de Geus: I'm not sure of the answer to that question. Do you know,
Brent? We'll have to get back to you on that, Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: The Parks and Recreation Commission, the Staff
Report references that there were four things that the Parks and Rec
Commission wanted primarily to be addressed. It said in response to those,
this, that and that has happened. It doesn't say what the Motion was. We
don't have any Minutes. It doesn't say what the Motion was in the Parks and
Rec Commission, if Parks and Rec Commission was satisfied. It only says
how the JMZ responded.           It doesn't say compliance with the
recommendations and considerations and concerns of the Parks and Rec
Commission. What is the result of that?

Mr. de Geus: We are still in the preliminary phase even with the Parks and
Recreation Commission, even though we did go three times to that group.
We will go again formally to ask for a Park Improvement Ordinance to get a
specific Motion. The third time we did visit with the Commission, they were
supportive of where we were headed. I believe it was unanimous, but I can
certainly forward that Staff Report and Minutes to the full Council.

Council Member Holman: I'm reading these as mostly being massing
models, not plans. Correct? We're not really looking at putting a white
building in parkland. Just wanting to make sure. Having to do with
parkland and parkland encroachment, when you take this back to Parks and
Rec and when you take it to ARB as well and when it comes back to Council,
can the plans and report be specific as to how much parkland is being
encroached and in what way? Also, the area that I understand does exist—
I've visited there certainly. It also says proposed Loose in the Zoo. That
would be in parkland, but other places it looks like that's already in
parkland. Was that done—was it usurped, was it a swap? How did that
happen?

Mr. McClure: The zone that's identified as proposed Loose in the Zoo on the
site plan here, the footprint is roughly the existing footprint of the Zoo.
There's a little sliver that's back over here, that's an extension, as well as
the Zoo support. When we did present the three times at Parks and Rec
Commission, we had an exhaustive square footage and very detailed
                                                                         Page 18 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
