                         TRANSCRIPT
are two where it is over 0.01. In fact one of them is over 0.01 by ten times.
Why is there no impact?

Ms. Gitelman: While Katherine is looking that up, that significance threshold
has an "and" between it. It has to be both more than 4 seconds and exceed
the volume to capacity threshold articulated by the VTA.

Ms. Waugh: That's exactly what I wanted to look up, to make sure it has
that "and."

Council Member Filseth: For an impact, it requires both. How do we
evaluate the next time somebody puts a building next door? If we put up a
hotdog cart, it's probably going to add another 0.1 second. The next
building that goes along the lines, isn't it going to be over the 4 seconds or
does the clock start over?

Ms. Waugh: That goes back to the discussion I started with, in terms of how
we look at project impacts versus cumulative impacts. This threshold
applies to the individual project, one by one. You look at one project,
whether it meets this threshold. When you want to look at how the next
building and the next building or the hot dog cart affect it, that's when you
look at the entire cumulative scenario. When you look at the cumulative
scenario, you've added in all of those buildings and hotdog carts. We're only
looking, under CEQA, to see whether the project you're considering tips
those scales one by one.

Council Member Filseth: The next project that comes along, if it came in at
3.9 seconds delay, that would also be okay?

Ms. Waugh:      Correct.  Under these thresholds, that would not be a
significant impact. We do look at the cumulative scenarios so that you can
understand where those long-term impacts would occur.

Council Member Filseth: Where do we look at the cumulative scenario?

Ms. Waugh: It's in the cumulative analysis. That's how we identified that
there would be a significant impact under the cumulative scenario at the
second intersection. This project before you tonight does not contribute
substantially to that impact. The City's other mechanisms for collecting
traffic impact fees would apply, but there's no individual impact that would
require mitigation under CEQA.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.



                                                                        Page 61 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
