                         TRANSCRIPT
The only problem is we're all in this together. We're Palo Alto residents.
Three or four years ago—I don't know the exact date—we as a City, the
residents decided that we wanted to have four percent locally generated,
renewable energy. As an ex-PG&E guy, it would have been easy to put up a
small combined cycle natural gas plant. It's only 23 megawatts, not a big
deal, but we said we wanted local renewable. I don't know how much poop
we generate, because we could also put in a biogas and make natural gas
out of our poop or other things. We could have put a big wind farm, but we
decided that the most cost-effective way to meet that four percent was to go
PV. Right now, we've got a long way to go to meet that four percent. This,
to me, sounds like the most cost-effective way to get to that four percent.
I'm all about saving money. I approve of what the Finance Committee did if
it was a game of war, but it's not. We're in this together. This seems to be,
unless we're going to change the four percent, the most cost-effective way.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bruce Hodge, to be followed
by Michael Closson. Welcome.

Bruce Hodge: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council. I will be brief.
Tonight I'd like to ask you to vote against the proposed modification by the
Finance Committee and avoid essentially killing a pilot program that is only
just beginning to bear fruit. Palo Alto CLEAN has a lot of promise and has
already been constrained in many ways to avoid runaway costs. This
program was developed purposefully with high initial costs in mind in order
to pencil out the very real costs that developers face in mounting larger-
scale, local solar projects here in Palo Alto. As the program becomes more
successful, the intent all along has been to lower the rate given developers
at appropriate times. This is not such a time and is definitely not the
appropriate process for doing so. I'd like to ask any constituents in the
audience that support the continuation of the Palo Alto CLEAN program in its
current form to please stand to indicate your support.          That's really
impressive. Thanks to all of our community members who took time out of
their busy schedules to come down and make their voice heard. The
community wants local solar; let's make it happen. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Michael Closson, to be
followed by Vanessa Warheit.

Michael Closson: Good evening, Mayor Burt and members of the Council.
My name is Michael Closson. For about three decades I was a resident of
Palo Alto and a couple of years ago moved across the creek to Menlo Park. I
thought I'd bring you an outside perspective on this issue very briefly. I'm a
former Executive Director of Acterra. Since I retired from Acterra, I've been

                                                                        Page 58 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
