                          TRANSCRIPT
majority protest. Now, I ask the Clerk to provide the written number of
protests received against the proposed storm water management fee.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Thank you. It is manifestly apparent that the
number of written protests received is less than necessary to constitute a
majority protest. Therefore, I have assumed that each document submitted
to me, that purports to be a protest, is in fact a valid protest. There were 82
written protests received. This is below the threshold to constitute a
majority protest.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Since there is no majority protest, we will now
consider the resolution calling the election with respect to the proposed
storm water management fee. Before I entertain a Motion on the resolution,
do Council Members have any questions, comments or further discussion on
the proposed fee or proposed resolution? Also, since there is—no, I'm sorry.
That's goofy. Any Council Member questions or comments? Council Member
Holman.

Council Member Holman: Can Staff please clarify comments that were made
earlier and then comments made just recently, most recently by a member
of the public, about what our ability is to charge a fee going forward? That
would be a point source discharge fee. In other words, does it have to be a
part of this or can we insert ourselves later?

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Let me start and, I'm sure, the
City Attorney will want to chime in here. Phil Bobel, Public Works. We've
begun to look at that. The next formal thing that will happen in this regard
is on December 5th we've tentatively scheduled on your Council agenda this
groundwater pumping issue. One of the things we'll be doing at that time is
seeking your direction to investigate fully a fee, how it might be arrived at,
the different options available. We'll be making recommendations to you
about that at that time. That's the status. Last time we discussed this, we
said we'd come back to you for specific direction to look into this. We need
to do that. Concurrently, we've started on this because we know it's a real
concern to the community and ourselves. We've begun to look into this, and
we think there are several paths available to us, which do not involve placing
this measure on a ballot. In other words, there are other ways to impose
such a fee independent of a ballot. We have authored a letter at the Staff
level and sent it to the Save Our Palo Alto folks and other folks that were
interested in it to indicate to them that in all likelihood there was not a need
to place this on a ballot, that other mechanisms are available to us. I'll just
give you one example of those other mechanisms, and then I'll let the City
Attorney speak. One of these other mechanisms is a municipal fee which we
adopt along with a budget generally speaking; although, we wouldn't have

                                                                         Page 49 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
