                          TRANSCRIPT
ago, when we first started this new iteration of how to update the
Comprehensive Plan, I was skeptical that we'd be able to get 25 people
together from the community to meet quickly enough to meet a very tight
timeframe on such a complicated and nuanced and broad document as the
Comprehensive Plan. Yet, so far, it seems to be going really well and close
to on time even as we throw new wrenches into the process. I'm not going
to give answers to every one of the questions or issues that you guys
brought up tonight. I think there's an ideal world and then there's a reality
we live in. We face this on the Council also, that sometimes we just have to
make decisions and move forward on things based on things like our time
constraints or Staff constraints or just the fact that we might not have all the
data we want. I fully think that we should get as much data as possible.
For you guys just to keep in mind as you're going through this that the
perfect can be the enemy of the good sometimes. I just came up with this
kind of analogy in my head, as folks were talking and I was really
appreciating everyone's comments. This might not work at all, and it could
totally fall flat. Traffic is to Palo Alto as carbon emissions are to the global
community in the sense that we got to a point in the world that we realized
we had far too much carbon emissions and we needed to lower them, but we
didn't also shut down the world and stop moving forward. It was how can
we continue to move forward and reduce carbon emissions at the same
time. People will have different viewpoints on this, but my attitude with Palo
Alto is how can we continue moving forward as a community but also reduce
our traffic. Somebody made the point of Ohio, and I usually talk about
Detroit. We could easily be that, but that's not really the community we
want. That's just something to keep in mind as we try to address some of
the challenges that we have living in such a really desirable part of the
world, part of the State, part of the region. I love the fact that Lisa kicked
us off talking about socioeconomic diversity. Having grown up in Palo Alto
myself in the '80s and '90s and wanting to hopefully raise a family one day,
when I get time to have one, I really worry about the fact that we're losing
our socioeconomic diversity as a community and what that means to our
quality of life. I think that's a quality of life issue for our children as they
grow up. Who they're interacting with and how they develop their value
systems, I think, are very much based on who they grow up around and who
they go to school with and who they play basketball with and soccer and
these types of things. As we're looking at these issues and as we're looking
at the Comprehensive Plan, to the extent you can, keep that big picture in
mind of yes, there are all these different elements, but at the end of the
day, what do we want Palo Alto as a community to look like. That's not just
traffic, and it's not just jobs, that's people, and that's our neighbors. That's
something that I'll be keeping in the back of my mind once you guys kick
this to Council, and we start playing a larger role. I don't want to talk
forever, because it's already 10:45, 10:50. What were the specific things
                                                                             Page 82 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
