                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Andrew Boone, to be followed
by—we have more speakers?            We are now ending the submittal of
comments for open forum. I guess we have one more, and we won't be
entertaining any other after that time. Andrew Boone.

Andrew Boone: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Andrew
Boone. I live in San Jose. I came with my friend, Tessa Woodmansee, on
the bus, 522. Likewise, came here to share with you how important this bus
service is to us and how important it is that it be improved. The plan that
VTA originally came up with, with buses running and bus-only lanes in the
median, is technically the best solution to improving bus service on El
Camino. to having more bus riders be able to use the bus on El Camino. The
alternative that's now being explored of trying to run a bus lane on the right
side is such a tiny difference from the way it is now. That's not a functional
type of bus rapid transit system. That's not the way that cities all over the
world are implementing fast bus service. It's with bus-only lanes in the
median. The plan that we had at the beginning was the good plan, and you
didn't support it. I think it's a big problem that you didn't support it. I think
that it doesn't match Palo Alto's General Plan in any way to say, "We don't
want this huge transit improvement in our City." The first goal of the
Transportation Element of the General Plan is to reduce reliance on
automobiles.      The following goals, many of them address transit
improvements. I understand that there were problems with the proposal
VTA made, technical issues that need to have solutions like traffic maybe
being diverted into neighborhoods. That doesn't mean we just stop. We
need to address those problems so we can have a bus rapid transit system
that works. Also, I wanted to comment on VTA's Measure B sales tax, which
is an even bigger problem than not having the bus-only lanes on El Camino.
That has in it over $1 billion now for projects that are mostly going to go
into increasing the peak hour capacity of expressways and highways. $750
million for County expressways, $750 million for State highways. I believe
those are for interchange reconstructions. Almost every single one of those
projects is to make it so that more cars can move through whichever facility
it is, the expressway, the interchange, in an hour; increases the peak hour
capacity of highways. There's no positive benefit from that, because it
doesn't result in reduced traffic congestion in the long term. It only takes a
few years for that investment to just get filled back up with cars, and then
it's an investment we didn't get to make into transit. An investment we
didn't get to make into things that actually can reduce congestion. I think it
would be reasonable for the City of Palo Alto, which has so clearly written
into not just the General Plan, Climate Action Plan. All the meetings I've
been in, this doesn't match. This doesn't support what the community
wants. I would like to see some alternative to highway expansion projects
proposed by Palo Alto. Thank you.
                                                                           Page 17 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
