                           TRANSCRIPT
We've basically looked at that issue, and I don't think we need to re-address
that issue as a Council.

Council Member Holman:         We didn’t approve the CUP anywhere in the
original Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We should then. If that's what we're looking at
because that's not what—what your Motion is addressing is purely the
architectural issues. By approving "C" through "H," you've agreed that the
CUP is appropriate.

Council Member Holman: No, I haven't, no.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Then your Motion is not—if you're telling (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: There's nothing in "C" through "H" that says the
5,000 extra square feet of office is okay.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There is no 5,000 extra (inaudible). There's in effect ...

Mayor Burt: A few hundred feet because of the retail. There's no more.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right. That's the only basis for needing a CUP. You're
saying that this project of full retail with the housing is fine. It's the
architectural elements you don't like. If you're serious about that, which I
would take you at your word, that means it should go back to ARB. They
should solve the architectural issues, and then they should not have to come
back to Council. They should basically have their project, if we solve these
ARB issues.

Council Member DuBois: Can you clarify the CUP is not 5,000 on the second
floor?

Mayor Burt: That's because the retail on ground floor meant that they—is
that correct? By having the entire ground floor—we weren't saying that they
could shift that office to an upper floor. It's just that that amount of office
changed to retail.

Council Member DuBois: Can we be explicit about that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Mayor Burt: I think it is clear, but ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd be happy to have you guys make it more explicit.
That's fine. I just don't want to have to redo this process.
                                                                        Page 69 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
