                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Let me frame this before proceeding. A question is do we
continue at this point in time or do we give some more input. I'm not
advocating one way or the other. I just want us to think this through. If it
comes back basically picking up where we left off or with Staff having
revisited and kind of done their own sorting based on us trying to make sure
that Staff didn't either misunderstand the intention of Council Member input
or feel obligated to take it as directive, then perhaps we'd see some modified
iteration of this when we come back based on Staff's own judgment of what
was in the 2010 Motion and their own professional judgment. I think would
be two the areas that would be guiding what would return to us. The
question is do they have enough, if we were to cut off the discussion at this
time, to be able to present something to us at our next meeting on this
subject that would enable us to really move forward and complete the item.
Hillary, any thoughts?

Ms. Gitelman: Just if I can make—I want the Council to be informed of what
the implications may be of that. We do have a September 30 deadline to
get this to the State Office of Historic Preservation. The only implication of
missing that deadline is we may not see our costs reimbursed. The $37,000
we've spent on the consultant working on this, we may not be able to
recoup.     We would of course try and convince the Office of Historic
Preservation to reimburse our costs nonetheless, but we don't know that we
would be successful. The other thing that I would just—as an observation,
this is a lengthy body of work prepared by a reputable consultant through a
long process. I think there's a danger when we have reports of this length
and complexity to try and get it perfect. If the Council's interested in
massaging it in some detail, that could take more than one additional
meeting. We really could keep going down that path for a long time.

Mayor Burt: We basically have had more than a massage. We've had some
very significant changes based on the Staff's understanding of the input
from two Council Members. That's ...

Ms. Gitelman: I do understand that. I think that I could walk through this
list as the Mayor and Vice Mayor have suggested and sort them into what
are clearly clarifying changes and what may go beyond that for your
consideration.

James Keene, City Manager: May I just jump in?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Mr. Keene: What I hear Hillary saying is sort of in organizational work as
part of a return to Council, not really going further than that. I heard
potentially, Mr. Mayor, that you were thinking about whether or not we could
                                                                       Page 75 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
