                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: If I might take the liberty to try and help frame this discussion
a bit. I think we heard in the last item a great deal of interest by the Council
on trying to figure out how we could really achieve success in our congestion
relief and local transportation initiatives. If we were to consider putting
something on the ballot, if it was to be a measure that would be a general
tax with perhaps an advisory measure, it would have to be either on this
November ballot or two years from now. If it was a specific tax requiring
two-thirds—a general tax being a simple majority. If it was a specific
purpose tax, it could be on any of our subsequent ballots. However, on this
fall ballot as we're all aware, we've been in extensive discussions about the
likelihood of a VTA sales tax measure that would have very significant
benefits to both the County and to many of our interests locally. We would
need to find out as quickly as we can—I would think through polling—as to
whether both of these measures, even if they're different in nature, could
succeed on the same ballot. I would encourage us to think along those lines
about how we move quickly toward obtaining information that would allow
us to make more informed decisions. We may have a variety of inclinations.
I certainly have mine, and I'm sure other Colleagues have theirs. I suspect
our next step is going to need to be to try and find out information that will
let us move from our own preconceptions to more informed decisions. We
only have one speaker. I'd be glad to just go ahead and let the speaker go
forward, and then we can return for our discussion. Our only speaker is
Herb Borock. Welcome.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt. I believe if there's going to be a
revenue measure on the ballot, it should be a general tax rather than a
special tax. It requires only a majority vote. There have been many
impacts by employers and also the nature of the portion of taxes being paid.
For example, property tax since Prop. 13 was passed in 1978, the ratio of
business versus residence has changed the opposite in terms of who has
been paying how much. In terms of when it should be on the ballot, I would
prefer earlier rather than later.     The concern about it being with a
countywide tax on the same ballot is look at the opposite. If voters approve
such a county tax and we have a tax at a later time, they may be reluctant
to have a second tax. I think this election would be better. The way to
charge a tax, I think, would be just simply by number of employees. The
way to find out how many employees there are and how it should be
charged, employers submit to taxing authorities either quarterly or month,
depending upon the size of the employer, how many employees they have
when they're submitting their withholding taxes. That would be a check on
what the accurate number is for the number of employees. In regard to how
many employees there are, one of the considerations was just the larger
employees. As I pointed out before, the Comprehensive Annual Financial
Report supplemental information apparently includes all of Stanford's
                                                                          Page 75 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
