                          TRANSCRIPT
and design and the mass and scale of the proposal, because I don't get to
that point. I don't think I would support a rezone for something akin to
what's being proposed. I'd like to keep it at a high level of not supporting
demolishing an office to put up a new office that's even larger. I think it's a
functional building today. Whether it needs to become more contemporary
is another question. That's open to the building owner. We have another
question going forward of would we be receptive to residential in the area
that is basically today a large parking lot. Under new Downtown zoning
requirements that we may be establishing in just the coming months, I think
this might make good sense for it, provided that it would be housing that
would be transitional to the neighborhood. I would say just in terms of PCs,
we've had a number of PCs that were for how to build new office. This one
is historic from a different era, but we also have PCs that most of our
affordable housing in Palo Alto has been PCs. Many of our neighborhood
shopping centers are PCs. A lot of folks haven't really examined the breadth
of what PCs have done. We have PCs that we'd agree don't contribute to the
community. I don't want to make a blanket statement or imply that I would
agree with that. If we do have something that perhaps would retain this
office and consider something else, I have an additional concern. As we saw
from the members of the public who spoke upon this, many of our tenants
who are single practitioners, who reside in this building and have for a long
while, the City of course doesn't have the prerogative to control who a
landlord leases to. We do have prerogative to control zoning and uses. One
of the things that I'm actually very concerned about is the trend that we've
had in the Downtown area toward a greater percentage of the Downtown
being occupied by large companies that do hardware and principally today
software R&D, which when I read the Zoning Code is not a permitted use in
the Downtown. We have had an evolution of uses over the last 20 years
that followed a slippery slope that allowed large software developers in the
Downtown area that appear to be contrary to our existing zoning. I bring
that up because I want to look at—if we were to consider additional
development on this site, whether it be for residential or otherwise, I would
want to look at having ways to help retain the sorts of uses we have today
at the site. That would be something that I would look for, both in an
overlay perhaps. We have different places where we have medical office
overlay and different things. Maybe it's simply a better enforcement of our
existing zoning Downtown, so that we basically couldn't have this become
just another building that morphs into software startups. That's not all that
matters to our community. If we have a community that's nothing but
software startups, it basically eliminates really valuable resources from the
community that make up the diversity of what Palo Alto has always been.
I'm very concerned about that change occurring. That would be part of what
I would be interested in looking at. If we were to look at additional
residential, how do we also continue the sorts of uses that have been in this
                                                                        Page 14 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
