                         TRANSCRIPT
would say anyone that has a second. We'll allow anyone to second these
individual considerations. That makes sense? Everybody got that?

Council Member DuBois: The second one here was to bring back the CC-2
reduction from 2.0 to 1.5 near Cal. Ave.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman seconded that.

AMENDMENT B: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to add to the Motion, “add to Proposed Zoning Code
Amendments Row 8, ‘in the Community Commercial 2 (CC-2) district, the
allowable 2.0 FAR would be reduced to an FAR of 1.5 near California
Avenue.’” (New Part A.ii.)

Council Member DuBois: This is ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would suggest that we not speak individually. We just
get them on the board and then (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: That sounds good too. We won't speak to these ... We'll call
them amendments as we go.

Council Member DuBois: These were removals from Scenario 5 only, again
with the idea that we'd test a range of options. It would be removing this
mitigation sustainability measures, basically the performance-based zoning
from Scenario 5. We would end up with Scenario 5 without it and Scenario 6
with it.

Mayor Burt: You seconded that? Council Member Holman seconded that.

AMENDMENT C: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to add to the Motion, “remove from Table 4 Row 13,
‘performance-based zoning’ and retain density-based zoning.” (New Part
A.iii.)

Council Member DuBois: The third one was to remove the—I'm looking for
the language so I get it right. Remove the "remove constraints on accessory
dwelling units." That's included in five scenarios right now. I thought we'd
get a better range if we did not include it in Scenario 5.

AMENDMENT D: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to add to the Motion, “remove from Table 2 Row 7 ‘remove
constraints on the addition of ADUs.’” (New Part A.iv.)

Mayor Burt: That sounds pretty binary. It's either remove constraints or
don't remove constraints. There's a lot of ground in-between. (crosstalk)
                                                                      Page 63 of 92
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/29/16
