                         TRANSCRIPT
actually have more confidence in the business community, Pat. I know they
all sounded pretty cranky tonight, but I actually think if we can come
together, really have a good discussion, it makes a difference. Carl, I'm glad
you came tonight. I learned a lot from going to your meetings. Greg and
Pat were there as well. I have seldom seen anyone build consensus the way
you did with that. It is polling well, and I can see why. You practically
chose every word by looking up whatever that was in the thesaurus. It was
very impressive. Having gotten a second on this. Let me pause.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to:

A.   Consider placing a special tax measure requiring a two-thirds vote on
     a special election ballot in 2017 and utilize the additional time to refine
     the proposal, build consensus and neutralize potential sources of
     opposition; and

B.   Consider placing a general tax measure requiring a simple majority
     vote on the November 2018 ballot and utilize the additional time to
     refine the proposal and build consensus and neutralize potential
     sources of opposition; and

C.   Create a stakeholder committee.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for the Motion. I really appreciate it.
As I had stated previously, I think we've learned a lot from doing the work
that we did this year. I don't want to waste that work. For those who are
going to promote, and some already have, going to 2018, I think if we have
a goal of looking at 2017, depending on what the work of the next year
indicates, that will tell us whether we should go to 2018 or not. That's why
I'm glad this Motion is for 2017. The other advantage of 2017 is if we do
our homework and we do our research, we do our outreach, we do our
collaboration, then a specific tax in 2017 would eliminate the argument that
it's general tax, the money could be used for anything. It'll just take that
argument away. As Mayor Burt indicated, we are in the mid-60s or so now,
and not all of it is hard support. We have that kind of support, and this is
with very little information out in the public. I think we can accomplish a
two-thirds threshold for a 2017 ballot measure, if we do our due diligence.
We have excellent consultants that we've worked with. We have very good
Staff that can—I don't want to compare them—also work with us towards
this end. I think identifying the benefits for the businesses, the residents
and also the environment which has kind of been played down tonight.
Reduced traffic and the benefits to the environment are significant. Air
                                                                         Page 88 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
