                         TRANSCRIPT
the penalty amounts for certain violations of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
with the following change:

A.   Increase the penalty      for    violations   of   Municipal   Code     Section
     18.38.020 to $2,500.

Council Member Kniss: Can I continue?

Mayor Burt: You want to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Kniss: Just briefly.

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: For all of you who are here tonight, I know this has
been painful especially because you've gone without a market primarily. I
think the second pain has been that there was a deal struck, and you were
involved in that. I think most of you were. The deal was struck, and
included in that was a grocery store. Included in that was housing and a
lack of parking. You've all been very articulate. Believe me, we've heard
from many of you about your frustration with this. I think, while this may
not resolve it, you may not have a grocery store right away. I think this
may provide an incentive or, as somebody had said less elegantly, light a
fire under the feet of those who are involved, so that you actually do get a
grocery store.     I simply want to say we don't have a great deal of
information about the business arrangement that has been made. That's
not something that the Council has been privy to whatsoever. We share
your frustration, and I think we will do the best we can in order to motivate
the developer in this particular situation to provide a grocery store.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you for coming out tonight and speaking on this
issue. I also have gotten lots and lots of emails over this. I actually
appreciate all those emails. I share the frustration on this. I don't really
understand why it's taken 18 months. I appreciate Mr. Tze's coming and
speaking a little bit. Some of the questions I actually would have liked
answered is why was the rent higher if we were talking with Andronico's?
Shouldn't we have tried to lock that in earlier? I guess more information
about why it's taken that long in terms of deal structure and lots of things
about how we would have gotten there and what role the lender plays in this
and all sorts of things. I think if we had more information as opposed to
"we're trying, we're trying," we'd be more sympathetic. At this point, it just
sort of feels like we're being shined on a little bit frankly. That's my
impression of it. I think this is the right way to go. I would encourage you
                                                                            Page 28 of 90
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 11/7/16
