                          TRANSCRIPT
restaurant cannot go in the ground floor. Could something that was first
cousin to a coffee shop, something where you've got a building presumably
full of people where something could be purchased that is some kind of food.
Are you ruling out food and that's what's being ruled out by the restaurant
or could a coffee shop of some kind come in or a small store, the kind that
they might have in a hotel where you can pick up something to go?

Mr. Lait: I think in the past we've considered some coffee shops, like a
Starbucks or a Pete's, to be like a retail-oriented use. I'll get confirmation
on that. It's the sit-down restaurant service that they're not parked for it.
It's just a much greater parking standard for that. When we do have the
restaurants, it's the seating area. It could be designed in a way where
there's not a lot of seating area that would push it beyond that standard.

Council Member Kniss: That option is open, though. I'm just hearing you
say there cannot be a restaurant there. Certainly that has to do with
parking. Looking back, I'm on Packet Page 57. This was a summation of
the Planning and Transportation. There's far more at the back that I can go
into some detail if necessary. The Commission and others have said why
couldn't more housing go in there, why couldn't you get the 18 units. You
have explained that there's not sufficient parking. If there isn't sufficient
parking, but we're talking about concentrating on a TDM, in that situation if
you were requiring the 18 units, could that have been mitigated by a TDM or
not?

Mr. Lait: I think probably more by—if one wanted to go that way, I think I
would look more toward the shared parking analysis. The shared parking
analysis, based on that analysis, concluded that far more parking spaces
could be reduced than what was proposed. I would not rely on the TDM for
that.

Council Member Kniss: I know we're staying in questions, but I'll try to
make it a question. It seems as though we might have tried to reach on this
with 18 units. Was it something anyone suggested other than Planning and
Transportation? It's only been a suggestion from one of the Commissions,
correct?

Mr. Lait: That's right, from the PTC.

Council Member Kniss: It was never woven into the plans?

Mr. Lait: That's right.

Council Member Kniss: It remains 13 units, 1 BMR. It'd certainly be nice to
have 2 BMRs, wouldn't it, rather than just one. I think that covers it other
                                                                       Page 33 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
