                          TRANSCRIPT
a very basic system, it's not very accurate, and it still requires manual
calibration and counts. Staff would still have to go in and count parking
occupancy, because this system does not have any way of giving that very
accurately. The second type of system is a level parking guidance system
that's kind of the middle of the road option. This gives parking occupancy
by level or zone, so it could go Level 1, Level 2, Level 3 or it could break it
down into smaller zones if necessary. By giving the different levels that
parking is available, it does help to reduce emissions slightly because people
are not circling around a garage looking for that elusive ten spaces that's
available. They know that they can go to Level 3 and find a space
somewhere. However, it does not direct patrons to exactly where that space
is. If they know that there are ten spaces on Level 3, they go up to Level 3,
but they don't have any idea where those spaces are available. There is still
some circling that happens. As a result of not knowing exactly where the
open spaces are, the garage might be perceived as full before it is actually
fully occupied. This system also is not 100 percent accurate, and it does
require manual counts. This type of system is currently in place at the
Winchester garage at Santana Row, if you're familiar with that garage, and
at the Fifth and Mission garage in San Francisco. The final type of system is
the single space parking guidance system. This builds onto the level count
system by indicating exactly where parking spaces are available through the
use of LED indicator lights that are mounted above each parking stall. Those
indicator lights change colors either based on occupancy or based on space
type. It could be a certain color for permit parking; it could be a certain
color for hourly parking. This system is conducive to differentiating between
hourly and permit parking, giving us counts of how many hourly spaces
versus permit spaces are available. It can also indicate spaces that are
handicapped, spaces that are for valet, or spaces that are reserved for some
other use. It's a dynamic system, very flexible, that can be maintained
offsite. We could in the future control what spaces or what color or what use
essentially. If we're seeing that the permit spaces are full, but there are
plenty of hourly spaces available, we could convert some hourly spaces to
permit by changing the color of the light. That's a very, very dynamic and
nimble system. By having the lights over each stall, people can look down
an aisle and see where there's a green light and go directly to that open
space, making this the greenest option. It reduces the emissions the most
of any parking guidance system available. This system is currently in place
at Valley Fair in San Jose. Any of these systems would require a hardwire
connection to the Downtown network. Any of these systems, there are
different ways to sense the vehicles, because any of these systems would
require sensing the vehicles obviously. The first option for vehicle sensing is
a loop. That's where cuts are made in the concrete, a loop is installed. It's
a very basic option, least expensive. It's also the least smart, if you will,
and the least reliable because the maintenance is very difficult. You need to
                                                                         Page 46 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
