                          TRANSCRIPT
respect the neighbors who want to live in a residential community, not an
industrial site rife with gridlock where we fear for the safety of our students.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Linda Jolley, to be followed by
Mark Halbert. Welcome.

Linda Jolley: Council Members, I'm Linda Jolley, sometimes known as an
activist on behalf of the homeless people in this area. As you know, big
corporations now control a great deal of the land. They control restaurants.
Sometimes the little guy at their restaurants get stepped on. Sometimes
the little guy cannot even get access to the bathroom in their restaurants. I
came here tonight because I myself was roughed up at the McDonald's just
south of Page Mill Road. The address is 3128. I was handcuffed, arrested,
taken to the County Jail, held illegally for five hours without phone calls.
This jeopardized my work and my vehicle. I take this as a rather serious
matter. My request tonight is that I hope one of you people will launch a
Staff investigation of this restaurant, because we do not need abusive
restaurants in this area stepping on the little guy. I learned that the
manager of this restaurant—his name is Jorge—got into the business of
throwing out his customers. I did nothing really offensive in his restaurant.
I'm a good McDonald's customer. I buy tons of food there; so do some of
the other people that were thrown out. This mad man got in charge of the
restaurant, throwing people out, hurting people's feelings, breaking up the
friendships that existed there.      I don't think this business should be
operating if they persist in doing that kind of thing. I believe you have some
control over the big corporations that take up land here. I believe that you
should protect the little guy that may be kicked around by these people. I'm
requesting an investigation. I'm still wearing the jail color. This is the jail
color. I'm a normal person. I was handcuffed, arrested, jailed. I don't like
it. Please check into it, or I'll be back time after time like a bad penny.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Mark Halbert, to be followed
by Richard Brand. Welcome.

Mark Halbert: Greetings, Mayor and Council Members. I'll be, I hope, brief,
yet an important message. I'm going to read it into the record, and then
provide a copy of this. I'm an historic preservation consultant and architect
out of Oakland. Honorable Mayor Burt and Council Members, this matter is
brought to you on the recommendation of the Planning and Community
Environment Director of whom I had inquired about how to address a
circumstance that recently arose at the Historic Resources Board. While this
matter relates to a specific property, I do not intend to specifically address a

                                                                            Page 7 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
