                          TRANSCRIPT
also wanted to reach out to some key stakeholders, in particular the
business community, to understand how they would view this proposal.
Through a couple of the mechanisms that Claudia described earlier, an
online survey, also a meeting with the Chamber Board of Directors and a
meeting with the Stanford Research Business Park, we sought to float the
idea of this proposal and get some feedback. There's a summary of the
results of that in the full packet that I won't go through in detail. If were to
characterize the high-level takeaways from this, I think we heard
acknowledgement that there is a parking and transportation problem that
needs to be addressed. I think we heard a general willingness from the
business community to contribute to that problem. I think where we heard
concern was around the timeline under which this proposal is being
developed, some of the specific details of the proposal in terms of how it
would be administered, the tax rate, the exemptions that would be applied,
sort of the nuts and bolts of how the measure might work, and then also of
course the potential impact that this measure would have on the VTA
proposal. Based on that and based on our reading of the poll results from
FM3, we recommended three potential options to the Ad Hoc Committee.
One is to move forward with a November 2016 Election, understanding that
there is some vulnerability. We have some softness in the support as
measured in the polling. We've heard some concerns about the timeline
under which this is being developed, which we think could potentially
motivate an opposition campaign. The data here suggests that there is a
chance the measure would succeed in the face of that opposition, but it
certainly presents a risk. Another option would be to consider a 2017
Special Election. The primary downside to that scenario is that it removes
the opportunity to structure this measure as a general tax. If we were to go
forward in a special election in 2017, it would have to be a specific tax
requiring a two-thirds vote. Although, the additional time would give us the
opportunity to try to refine the plan, some of the administrative details
related to the plan, develop more consensus around the potential use of
funds, and take away some of the primary negatives that we're hearing
around this proposal. The third option would be to proceed with this
proposal but targeting a November 2018 Election. As you heard from Dave,
there's only a marginal decline in support. The lower voter turnout that we
expect in the gubernatorial general election, that measure could be
structured as a general tax requiring a majority vote and would afford us the
time to conduct the outreach to hopefully build the broad consensus that
would neutralize some of the opposition that we're hearing. Those are the
three options that we brought back to the Ad Hoc Committee to think about.
I'll just note on the two-thirds measure, while it's a much higher hurdle, at
the midpoint in this survey where we had presented positive arguments in
absence of negative arguments, this proposal does hit a high water mark of
72 percent. It's not impossible to think that in the absence of opposition, if
                                                                          Page 55 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
