                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Holman. We were just talking
about that same thing. Our thought was in publishing the Draft EIR, we
would make available to you a lot of data and analysis that you don't
currently have. We're all conjecturing about the impacts of these various
scenarios. When you had the information, you could use that information
and analysis to help you formulate what that fifth scenario is. I guess,
based on the Motion, we're trying to understand whether that's the way you
want to proceed or whether you'd like us to basically hold off publishing a
Draft EIR until we've heard from you what that Fifth Scenario is, had a
chance to analyze that Fifth Scenario and add it to the document. Those are
two different ways to get to the same outcome. We would have to prepare a
comparative schedule for both of those ways and probably look at the
budgetary implications of each compared to each other, if you really wanted
to weigh those options. We could bring that back to you at some future
meeting as well.

Council Member Holman: I think we've identified a Fifth Scenario here as a
part of the Motion.

Mr. Keene: If I just might add again. I feel the same way a little bit about
"B" that I did on "A" as far as process. I'm not sure that even "B" is
specifically enough articulated. The Mayor, for example, said having one
that explicitly had job growth slower than population. That's not necessarily
captured in the way this one is identified. The other concern I have is that
the Staff had a different concept of how to move forward that also was
based on the work that has been done by the consultants and others and the
necessary components of the Draft EIR and Budget. There's the potential
that a Fifth Scenario injected one way versus another could have a big
impact on time and costs going forward. I don't feel like we're having the
conversation with you all about the implications of that. I think we'd be
better served doing that not now in 10 minutes before we end. Again,
saying you clearly want an alternative potential that you're feeling isn't
presented in the way we've laid out in the four scenarios. We have to be
able to have a thoughtful conversation with you about what that would be
more specifically and what form we should take to have that be
accommodated and what the consequences of that are.

Mayor Burt: We have the DEIR that you said was going to be ready in about
three weeks. Is there a date set that the Council would begin discussion on
that? What I'm leading to is that the right time to continue this discussion.

Ms. Gitelman: We were looking at a March date for a Council hearing on
that document. We haven't selected the date.


                                                                           Page 97 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
