                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Mayor Burt, were we planning on making more
motions? I was just offering comments, and I was very close to wrapping
up. I appreciate your patience especially after the last couple of lengthy
comments. I was pretty close to wrapping mine up. I don't know if we were
planning on making any more motions or if we were just finishing up
comments to provide for Staff and we could finish this item.

Council Member DuBois: I had a short Motion which I outlined before that I
was hoping to get out.

Council Member Holman: Some of us haven't commented at all yet.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I move we continue it.

Council Member Berman: Second.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to continue this Agenda Item.

Mayor Burt: From a Staff standpoint, if we do continue it, it'd be continued
'til when, though?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Burt. I'll go back to Council Member Kniss'
observation.    We've already continued what was originally a 60-day
comment period quite a bit past that. I would say that every day we
continue it from here on is a direct impact on schedule. I'm not saying we
can't continue it, but I just want everybody to be aware that it ends up
impacting the schedule. We can't begin our analysis of Scenarios 5 and 6
until we conclude this hearing.

Mayor Burt: If we could wrap this up in the next less than 15 minutes, then
maybe we don't continue it. I can't hear you. You need to use your
microphone if you want to speak.

Council Member Filseth: Sorry. If you were going to let the consultants go,
I actually had two technical questions about the DEIR that I wanted to ask
them.

Mayor Burt: I'm going to allow Council Member Wolbach to wrap up, and
then we'll hear briefly from Council Members Filseth and Holman. Council
Member Holman, do you think you'll be moderately brief?

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

                                                                         Page 88 of 128
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
