                         TRANSCRIPT
direct questions to Staff basically while they work on the other issue.
Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I had a question for Staff.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I have a comment to make. I have been conferring
with Molly Stump and Cara Silver. I want to say something about the in-lieu
fees toward the below market housing fund. If I understand this correctly,
the amount that will actually go into our in-lieu fees is relatively small
compared to what a second BMR unit would be valued at and what it would
be worth. We looked at this. Molly said our fees due to be upgraded. That
influences my vote on this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: There was a question up here that was raised
about the June 30 and could the applicant redesign this by June 30. I
thought that was addressed in the prior comments about grandfathering
this, so they wouldn't have to meet the June 30.

Mayor Burt: That's the intent depending whether Staff says that can be
done. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to follow up on that. Again, if there's
a way to grandfather, I'm okay with that. Based on the extent of changes
we're asking for, it doesn't make sense to me that we'd try to not have it
come back to Council (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That was my presumption and why we're asking Staff to look at
whether it can be grandfathered. Is there a verdict?

Ms. Silver:    The office cap interim ordinance says that no qualifying
application shall be acted on by the Director or by the City Council between
July 1 and March 31. No further action can be taken by the Council after
July 1; however, it doesn't specify the ARB. If ...

Mr. Lait: The ARB doesn't make decisions though. It's a recommendation.

Ms. Silver: That's true. If the Council wanted to, they could for this project
approve the architectural review, send it back to the ARB for some further
action. Traditionally, the ARB does not have final approval. Traditionally,
that's been the Director that has the approval. We're caught in the middle
here. The ordinance says that the Director or the City Council cannot take
final action. I think that's going to be problematic under your ordinance.
                                                                       Page 74 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
