                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Ramberg: Let me check really quick and see if I can pull that up.               I
think it's January, but let me confirm.

Council Member Wolbach:      Thank you.    I think that is it for my technical
questions.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth:    Can I ask a question of the Policy and Services
Committee at this point?

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Council Member Filseth: We have a couple of options under discussion. One
is the Cities Association recommendation, and the other is to follow some
other cities. The Policy and Services Committee voted unanimously to follow
the Cities Association. I guess I can ask the Chair of the Policy and Services
Committee. Can you provide any color on this on why you chose that
option? Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Just real quick. I think we had a pretty
good debate. We had quite a large crowd; a lot of members of the
restaurant industry were there. After some discussion, we were unanimous
about not wanting to create exceptions—we talked quite a bit about that—
for a lot of reasons, enforcement, legality, being in alignment with
surrounding cities. The only disagreement we really had was over the
schedule. We were pretty split, and we agreed to vote unanimously for the
Cities Association schedule. We also agreed that it would come to Council as
an Action Item. Even though it was a unanimous vote, there was still kind
of disagreement, I think, over the schedule itself.

Mayor Burt: A follow-up question, go ahead.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: As a follow-up comment from the Committee?

Council Member Berman: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Berman: Council Member DuBois got it right. I proposed a
bit of an accelerated timeframe, which I won't get into at this stage, but I'll
mention it in comments. I initially had a colleague in support and then,
when it was clear that two other colleagues weren't in support, I lost that
second colleague. I didn't want to vote against the Cities Association
                                                                        Page 66 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
