                         TRANSCRIPT
that's working really hard to create housing opportunities for people with
developmental disabilities. We serve people throughout Santa Clara County.
We currently have about 100 referrals from the City of Palo Alto. These are
residents of Palo Alto who are actively looking for affordable housing in Palo
Alto. In addition to the global need, there is a current, immediate need.
Part of what we do is help people apply for affordable housing. Of course,
we always check to see what open wait lists Palo Alto Housing Corporation
has. Often the wait lists are closed, but the wait lists that do exist are, as
you heard tonight, 5-7 years long. There's a tremendous unmet need for
housing for people with developmental disabilities. The services to support
people to live in the community are in place. There's a Federal and State
policy directive that people are to live integrated in the community, but we
really need creative and committed partners like Palo Alto Housing
Corporation and like the City of Palo Alto to actually create the affordable
housing so that people can live in the community in which they grew up. I
have included in an email that you received letters of support not just from
our organization but also from Abilities United. Abilities United is a Palo
Alto-based organization that provides independent living services to people
who live here in Palo Alto. They're well aware of the need. I've also
provided a letter of support from Autism Speaks. You may not be aware,
but autism is the single fastest growing type of disability. There is a huge
wave of people entering their 20s and 30s with autism. That number is
going to continue to grow, and so we need to work on addressing their
housing needs. Finally, we have letters of support from the State Council on
Developmental Disabilities, the San Andreas Regional Center which funds the
services so that people can be included and live independently in the
community in which they grew up. We hope there will actually be housing
here for them to do that. Thank you again for working on this and
addressing this need.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Winter Dellenbach, to be
followed by Anita Lusebrink.

Winter Dellenbach: I mainly wanted to be here to welcome back Palo Alto
Housing Corp. We have missed you. We're glad you're in the house. We
really need more Below Market Rate (BMR) housing projects in this
community. I think I've supported every BMR housing project since 1970,
when I moved to Palo Alto. I sometimes have opposed market rate housing
projects, I think, for the best of reasons. Never have I opposed a BMR
housing project. I think we need a variety of projects, seniors but not only
seniors, families, disabled folks, vets—why not—for a lot of different
demographics. Speaking of demographics, I think this parking thing is
somewhat subject to demographics though. The VTA lot may not directly
translate to some of what we're talking about tonight. If it's seniors, there
                                                                       Page 26 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
