                         TRANSCRIPT
that you're targeting to increase? I don't know if you have that in data or if
you have any anecdotal ...

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: June's shaking her head, no, I don't know.

Council Member Wolbach: What can we do to get more data?

Ms. Le Conge Ziesenhenne: I can get more data, and I will do that. We do
bilingual story times in Mandarin, Cantonese, Spanish, Russian. We've done
them in Hindi. Did I say Spanish? Maybe one or two other languages. We
concentrate on building up the Chinese, Korean, Spanish, Russian. Videos in
Farsi are extremely popular. We never seem to be able to handle that
demand. As you can imagine, there's a limited supply of what might be
available. One of the things that we really do is look at the changing
demographics of our community. I can get you actual numbers, and I will
do that. For us the challenge is working with the vendors to track down
durable, long-lasting books.      Oftentimes, books in foreign languages
published in other countries are not intended to be as long-lasting. They're
more ephemeral. We are looking for that. We have magazines and
newspapers from all around the world in all of their original languages every
day available on press display. You could read Die Zeit and see what's going
on in Germany and read items in Chinese. We will be adding a Chinese
language platform for news and information coming up.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I just had a few follow-up comments and questions. First, I
want to support Council Member DuBois' encouragement to look at the
online learning as an emerging direction. I just want to say when Council
Member Berman was talking about lack of parking spaces or shortage of
parking spaces at Rinconada, I was confused at first because I never have a
parking problem there because I ride my bike. Then, I realized he was
talking about cars. On that vein, I just want to say what a great thing this
Walk and Roll is. For those who haven't seen it, it's bike and pedestrian
routes to the libraries that we have now well established. It points to an
effort that I think the Commission and Monique have been involved in which
is how the libraries become more integrated with the rest of the community,
the rest of the department functions. When we look at the expanded role of
the libraries, these are community services that are being performed there.
I wanted to follow up on two particular parts of that. I saw in the
presentation that Mitchell was listed as not having 3-D printing for
environmental reasons. I didn't know what those might be.

Chair Loy: It's an Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED)
certified building. There were concerns about the emissions from the
                                                                       Page 18 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
