                          TRANSCRIPT
noise. Number two, consult experts in the aviation field, scientific, practical,
legal, so that we know all of the opportunities and options available to us to
correct the problem which the SFO Roundtable has labeled the perfect
storm. Three, expend the time and energy necessary to address this
complex problem so that City Council and Staff can be active and equal
partners with other affected communities, Representative Eshoo, SFO and
the FAA. Now, I would add the SFO Roundtable, but that institution's
actions have been detrimental to our community. We propose that Palo Alto
become a leader in forming a new regional body that better represents
communities more distant from the airport. Our City should stand for
equitable dispersion of noise, not the random shifting of noise to other
communities, using the best tools and talent to evaluate impact. We all
benefit from our active economy, and air travel is a byproduct of commerce.
As the situation exists now, communities like Palo Alto are bearing an
unreasonable and unhealthy burden for all this aviation traffic. We have
heard from some City Council Members that aviation noise and pollution is a
Federal problem and there is not much they can do about it. This seems to
us akin to passing a sticky hot potato from one elected official to the other.
Representative Eshoo's office clearly stated that they absolutely need
ongoing support from the cities to continue to press the FAA. Other cities
are fully committed to the battle for quieter skies and cleaner air, namely
Phoenix, Culver City, Santa Monica, and our City should show its citizens the
same level of interest and action. We have heard from some City Council
Members that aviation noise and pollution can be secondary under the
Healthy Cities/Healthy Communities Priority Item. Yet, reading the fine print
of that Priority as currently written, there is no logical insertion point for
aviation impacts. Healthy culture is about kindness and connection. Healthy
environment is urban planning, bike lanes. Healthy food and healthy work
does not connect either. I work in education. When a student with special
needs has specific tasks to work on, that task is called out in their individual
education plan along with concrete steps and resources all parties must
engage in to effect change. When that is done, we as educators are held
accountable for that student's progress in all areas. Making aviation noise
and pollution a primary City Priority is the right thing to do, because it will
compel City leaders to craft concrete actions and marshal resources to heal
our skies. It will give citizens confidence that our City is working hard on
our behalf to solve a very vexing problem.           The concrete steps and
resources should include devoting substantial Staff time to the problem. We
remain very impressed with City Senior Management Analyst Cash Alaee's
commitment to the problem. I should just say, Cash, that a crack Paly (Palo
Alto High School) reporter elevated you to City Manager in a article. Sadly,
when I fact checked it, I had to demote you, but Paly's on the case. These
concrete resources should include hiring aviation consultants and law
experts to professionally propose and vet potential solutions urging
                                                                          Page 9 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
