                            TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Let's vote.

Council Member Kniss: Wait. I'm not sure which way we're voting.

Mayor Burt: We're voting on whether to make the change that's here?

Council Member Kniss: Remove development by-right.

Mayor Burt: And replace it with modified regulations. That passes 7-2 with
Wolbach and Berman voting no.

AMENDMENT E RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to add to the Motion, “in Table 3 Row 8, replace
‘development by right’ with ‘with modified regulations.’” (New Part C.vii.)

AMENDMENT E AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Berman, Wolbach no

Mayor Burt: Now we get to return to one giant vote. Everybody understand
that everything here we've gone through. We voted separately on the areas
where we had contention. Let me clear this. If anybody wanted to speak to
the primary Motion, hit your light again. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Because we haven't moved on to the agenda
item, can I change my vote on the last one?

Mayor Burt: Can you change your vote?

Council Member Wolbach: Can I change my vote on the last one?

Mayor Burt: You get to vote for it here.

Council Member Wolbach: Just for the record. I was honestly just confused
by the process we were going through there. Was that a no?

Mayor Burt: There's no point in it. Now we're voting on everything else.
Please vote. That passes unanimously.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded
by Council Member Kniss to direct Staff to move forward with Scenarios 5
and 6 as outlined in Tables 2-5 with the following changes to:

A.        Scenario 5:

     i.        Add to Table 4 Row 8, ‘‘with or without the addition of a High-
               Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) lane (the opposite of Scenario 2);” and


                                                                        Page 88 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
