                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Our next speaker is Karen, to be followed by
Patrick Slattery.

Karen: Good evening. Thank you so much for supporting the Evergreen
Park Residential Parking Permit program by initiating the Colleagues Memo
and taking the time to discuss it. I don't want to repeat what Council
Member DuBois has already said, as well as Paul. This is an urgent problem,
and it's affecting the quality of life and the safety and the access to City
services of our neighbors. We're very concerned about creating a bike
boulevard on Park Avenue and Stanford Avenue. With all the traffic we
have, especially in the morning commute hours for the kids, it really reduces
the visibility of the bicycles when there's so much parking on the street. We
want you to consider that when you're establishing these bike boulevards.
As Member DuBois already said, we're very concerned about the idea of
pitting one neighborhood against another. If Southgate were to get a new
RPP program this year and we were not or vice versa, then the parking is
going to just shift from one place to another. As you know, when there's a
free parking space, that's where people go. Very concerned about what's
going to happen if there's only going to be one RPP this year. Our
neighborhood is heavily engaged, and we're ready to do whatever we can to
make this happen fast and simply and most effectively. We'll be happy to
help the City in any way that we can to make it happen. Thank you for your
time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Patrick Slattery to be followed by Doria Summa.

Patrick Slattery: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council Members. My
name is Patrick Slattery. I grew up on Stanford Avenue and have been
living on Park Boulevard for about 40 years. I'd like to thank the Council for
all their help and attention in getting the Evergreen Park RPP moving.
Saturday evening I took a walk down California Avenue and was astounded
at the number of people seated at tables all up and down the street. The
crowd was well dressed; the food and alcohol was fancy. I felt awkward
threading between the crowded tables. I counted 30 restaurants and a new
building advertising 3,600 square feet of restaurant space for lease, all just
right on California Avenue and Ash Street and a little bit of Park Boulevard.
California Avenue is supposed to be a transportation hub, and it will take a
lot of work to get all the buses, trains, bike routes and innovative new
devices coordinated to bring in and take on the coming agglomeration that
will fill the new offices in buildings. I hope it can be accomplished before the
parked cars spread over Evergreen Park and adjacent neighborhoods like the
restaurant tables have spread over California Avenue's sidewalk. Cheaper,
cleaner and faster, the College Terrace plan is what we need. Thank you.


                                                                         Page 26 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
