                          TRANSCRIPT
the level of participation was. That cuts out a lot of people. I personally
would like to see that struck. You want people who are committed to
making a TMA successful, but not limiting it to people who have made a
contribution, who may not even know that there was an opportunity to do
that. Stanford has the advantage—you heard their presentation about the
TDM—of being a single property owner. For us to go forward with the TMA,
we don't have that advantage. It's partly the funding, but it's partly also an
incentive. If we make the pricing right, that could be an incentive. It would
seem to me that we ought to look at phasing in increased pricing of permits
in neighborhoods. That's going to get people incentivized more, it seems, to
get out of their cars. All of the comments that I make are always sensitive
to low-income workers, retail, personal service and smaller businesses.
Take it in that light. Also in the structure, in the Bylaws, there's nothing that
I read that indicates any kind of reporting out to Council. I think there
needs to be clarification of what the role of the Council is, what the role of
the City is. I'm not comfortable with this going off, especially in its neophyte
stage, and being an independent entity. That's just going off and doing
whatever it's going to do. There have been things accomplished, but it's
been dark as far as the City's concerned for the last—how many months?
Well over a year. That needs to be clarified. There needs to be a stronger
relationship and reporting mechanism to the City if not the City having a
stronger participation in constitution of Board, approval of Bylaws. That's
the driving document. On Page 7 or Packet Page 13, the resource impact in
the TMA proposed draft budget—this is understandable that most of the
funding to date is being proposed with a $182,000 budget, only 54,000 is
dedicated to actual transit relief. The rest of it is to administration. I
understand that, because you have to pay staff and other things like
marketing and blah, blah, blah. That said, it's a very underwhelming goal
for the first year from my perspective because this seems to be for the
whole of 2016. We're only in March now. In your presentation, there are
more aggressive goals. It seems to me this is a very, very slow uptick or
ramp-up on the programs. Your looking just for City funding and for grants
to come forward seems like a very constrained approach. Hang on just a
half a second. Those are really my questions and comments. Other than to
say the TMA is a great opportunity. It's also not just an exercise. It's
serious business with possibly positive outcomes that can lead us into the
future, that's better than where we are now. I want it to be approached in
that way. Right now, it seems like it's kind of muddling along as a slow-
moving organization that isn't really approaching or attacking this in a
manner that seems like it's ambitious about achieving the goals that are set
forward. By the way, the mission statement is not reflected at all in the
Bylaws. I know that they're two different things. I've been involved with a
lot of nonprofits, but the Bylaws should say something about in order to
achieve the mission, blah, blah, blah, or something of that nature. There
                                                                          Page 48 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
