                          TRANSCRIPT
the setback should be rather than trying to make a variance work and say,
"We're going to give you a variance of X number of feet for whatever
reason." The setback should be whatever Staff thinks the right policy and
should make a recommendation to Council about what an appropriate
setback would be if you started with a blank slate. I think that's where I'd
come out on this. I think it's a lot easier than trying to say, "Let's do a
variance, and let's try and meet these, and let's try and shoehorn it in,"
because it doesn't make sense. I was a little curious on the broader
question, though, of why do we need a 50-foot setback on all of Hansen
Way. Is there good sound reasons to have a 50 or should we just get rid of
the 50-foot setback all along Hansen Way? Should Staff propose a setback
that makes more sense? Fifty feet seems really long. Are we moving
towards wanting these big, landscaped—I mean that sort of goes against
some of our green things about how we're thinking about these things these
days. It's a very suburban Research Park feel. I'm not sure that's where we
are these days.

Mr. Lait: I would agree that that's a policy conversation that's worth having
about special setbacks for all the points that you've stated and Council
Member Wolbach earlier. It would be helpful to us to understand what is our
interest in these special setbacks today with this new mindset of not only
sustainability but mobility and what we want to see in these areas. That's a
much broader conversation. Again, we're just kind of focused in on the
specific application.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We don't have to be. If we're talking about a zoning
amendment, we can talk about—I think there's three ways to approach it.
One, we could say to ourselves we're just going to do a variance. I think
that would probably be the wrong way to go. We could say we're going to
do a zoning amendment for this property in particular and limit it to that.
We could say since we're doing a zoning amendment, we could do a zoning
amendment all the way along Hansen Way and just limit it to that for now.
It's a broader thing. I'm not saying necessarily—it doesn't seem like it's that
big a road as it goes through there. I think that would at least put it in
context for the whole thing. Maybe there are reasons why you'd want it in
the rest of that, and then you'd limit it to that. It seems to me that there's
some reasons to look at a broader policy perspective here, at least on the
site.

James Keene, City Manager: May I just add a—same sort of drift but a little
bit of a different sort of take also. Actually in listening to you, Mr. Vice
Mayor, you did subsequently answer a number of the questions that you
were asking. The idea about what's the reason for the 50-foot setback. As
best as we could look at it, it seemed embedded in an older, suburban,
                                                                        Page 33 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
