                          TRANSCRIPT
and give it an honest consideration. Obviously there's a need for housing in
the community. We'll talk about this more later today. 76 percent of our
community has identified the unaffordability of housing as a very serious or
extremely serious problem, far more even than, say, traffic is that level of
problem. I'm interested in seeing if we can find a way to be supportive of
housing on the site. On housing, it says that the number of dwelling units is
to be determined. I didn't check; what's the size of the property? What
percentage of an acre is this? Is this an acre site or half-acre? I'm bad at
judging that, eyeballing it when I walked over there. I'm sorry if I missed
that.

Mr. Misner: The project site is 1.3 acres.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd also be interested in the size of the units, a
breakdown in what kind of units we're talking about, and an average unit
size and median unit size. I don't think we need a ton of big luxury
apartments and condos in Palo Alto. I think we have a dire need for studios,
one bedrooms, things like that, things that people who are working
Downtown, maybe even working in the building, can afford. I think that's
where the focus should be. That's my inclination. As the applicant considers
what's most likely to find support, that's something to think about. I think
that's true for the community too. What we're looking for is places where
people who are the workforce in Palo Alto can afford to live, in or near Palo
Alto. On the net new office space, I don't think there's going to be a ton of
support for that on the Council or in the community, to be honest. We're
not making decisions tonight, but I'd find it very difficult to support
additional office development. A lot of us have been talking about for a
while in Palo Alto should we slow down on office development, focus on
transportation and housing. I appreciate the housing addition and you
looking for ways to add housing. Transportation actually takes me to the
next point which is parking. I'm actually very impressed and pleased by
what looks like pretty much a fully parked site. If we didn't add any
additional office space, did add say 50 units of housing, ideally smaller, more
affordable ones, and we are still able to add this net 182 spaces, you're
talking about adding 182 parking spaces with only 50 units of housing.
That's a lot more parking onsite. Alleviate our lack of parking supply
Downtown is a big part of our transportation initiatives. I think that's really
important to note. I do have some concerns and some questions. The
question of trees and mature trees onsite is very important to consider. I
just saw the letter from Catherine Martineau, the Executive Director of
Canopy. It looks like some of the trees might not be in great shape
currently. To whatever degree those trees which are healthy on the site can
be preserved, can be incorporated into the design rather just seen as an
obstacle but really highlighted, that is something that would be appreciated.
                                                                        Page 12 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
