                          TRANSCRIPT
IV separated bikeways, provide the comfort and safety of bike paths but
efficiently use the existing roadway space. The Bryant Street pop-up cycle
tracks will include parklets, planters, temporary striping and signing and
other elements that help simulate a real riding experience. Bike Palo Alto
itself will start as usual at El Carmelo Elementary School on Bryant at Loma
Verde and offer three bike-friendly routes headed to the north, east and
southwest from the school, each with short or longer options and stops for
free treats all along the way. Originated in 2010 by a neighborhood green
team volunteer, this free event provides a fun way for community members
to leave their cars behind and try getting around using Palo Alto's great
bicycle routes, bridges and underpasses. More than 600 riders hopped on
their bikes last year. For more information, go to www.bikepaloalto.org or
go to the City's website. This is a big event. The pressure will be on for
everybody to show up. It's a very politically correct thing to do, to be out
there at this event. Get out of your car and try out some new modes of
transportation. Our household hazardous waste drop-off set new records
during Fiscal Year 2016 which ended on June 30th.              A record 4,920
households dropped off 125 tons of hazardous waste at the City's household
hazardous waste station at our wastewater plant. This means that 17
percent of households participated in our program during that year, which
surpassed all other jurisdictions in the state. Santa Clara County usually
reports a participation rate of four percent, and the statewide average is
three percent compared to a 17 percent participation rate in Palo Alto.
About two tons of our total were high quality products that were taken by
residents from our reuse cabinets and directly reused. Another 85 tons,
principally paint, was recycled by our hauler. Folks can visit our hazardous
waste station and drop off unwanted products and check out reuse cabinets
every Saturday from 9:00 A.M. until 11:00 A.M. Dropping off unwanted
materials protects your family, pets and our environment from exposure to
toxic chemicals and medicines. The location of this is, of course, down at
the Regional Water Quality Control Plant near the Baylands. Trash clean up.
On Saturday, more than 40 volunteers and City Staff removed over 200
pounds of trash from Matadero and Adobe Creeks. Plastics from food items
and packaging made up most of the trash again this year. The City
continues to lead efforts to restrict single-use plastic products that end up in
creeks and endanger wildlife. The first photo shows our newest watershed
protection staff member, Joanna Tron [phonetic], briefing volunteers. The
second shows our boom cleaning team. The third shows our team compiling
data. The last one shows two veterans of this work, Kirsten Struve and Joe
Teresi, together for the last time as City Staffers as Kirsten will be moving
on to a position with the Santa Clara Valley Water District. Their gain, our
loss. Joe's looking good there. I must confess I forgot that we were doing
the clean-up. I was running in the Baylands. I was then running down East
Bayshore, saw some guy kind of standing out in the street doing something.
                                                                         Page 47 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
