                          TRANSCRIPT
      the Regulatory Process Involves Procedures for Protection of the
      Environment.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to Item Number 6, which is a Public
Hearing on adoption of a Resolution adopting the Professorville Historic
District Design Guidelines. Ms. Gitelman.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Good
evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm here with Amy French and Matthew Weintraub, our Historic
Preservation Planner, to present this item for you this evening. Matthew's
going to give the presentation with the assistance of our consultant, and
then we'll be on-hand to answer your questions.

Matthew Weintraub, Planner: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members.
Again, Project Planner Matthew Weintraub. Tonight Staff requests the City
Council accept the Historic Resources Board's recommendation and adopt
the Professorville Historic District Design Guidelines.       The City Council
initiated the Guidelines project in 2011. At that time, the Council directed
Staff and the Historic Resources Board (HRB) to work on three items. The
first item was a written procedural bulletin for historic review, which was
completed in 2011. The second item was a process for HRB study sessions,
which is currently underway by the HRB. The third item was develop Design
Guidelines for Professorville.    Between 2011 and 2013, the HRB and
community members held meetings, discussed concepts and prepared draft
materials. That process is referenced in Mr. Akin's written comments of
August 29, 2016, which have been distributed to you along with Staff's
response to his comments in your at-places memo. While the previous work
was constructive, it did not ultimately result in a work product that met the
Council's direction or the fundamental goal of providing design advice for a
wide range of projects. Rather, the previous work focused on amending
single-family Individual Review Guidelines, which is a Citywide program that
applies only to some projects in Professorville.         In 2015, the Council
accepted a grant from the State Office of Historic Preservation to complete
the Guidelines as originally directed.        In 2016, City Staff and Staff's
consultant, Page and Turnbull, re-engaged the HRB and the Professorville
community to develop the Guidelines.             The renewed effort included
homeowners who participated in previous efforts between 2011 and 2013,
as well as additional participants. The area subject to the Guidelines
includes the locally designated District as well as the National Register
District which is included within the Local District. As directed by Council,
the project goal was to develop Design Guidelines for all projects in
Professorville, including compatibility criteria for new construction, additions
and remodels. The currently proposed Guidelines do just that. Here are
                                                                         Page 55 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
