                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: thank you. Jacob Whiting to be followed by Walt Hays.

Jacob Whiting: Thank you for hearing us tonight. That part of Middlefield,
specifically where it intersects with Palo Alto Avenue, is a dangerous
intersection, and it's one that I think doesn't get on the radar. The number
of near misses and near accidents, I believe, is incredibly high compared to
the number of full-out accidents, which is also high. As one my neighbors
explained earlier, when two cars are trying to turn at the same time side by
side, there's oftentimes a collision of the inside car with the curb on
Middlefield Road in front of the addresses 136 Middlefield Road, which is my
address, and also 142 Middlefield Road. As testament to this, you can often
find hub caps and car parts in the couple of addresses that follow that
corner. I see at least one hub cap per month there that's from a car hitting
the curb, trying to avoid the other cars and breaking off. I've spoken with
the Transportation Department; they say that the lane meets the minimum
width, but they say it's far from ideal. They say it's just minimum. Certainly
I would never recommend anyone to bicycle on the street as we're supposed
to do these days. I've lived in Palo Alto for 30 years and at that address for
16 years. I've encountered few intersections and streets that are as bad as
that particular section. I'd like to encourage you to consider this pilot
program that we want to do, which is we want to test out what would
happen if we reduced the lanes down to two lanes. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Walt Hays to be followed by Lin Jiang. Welcome.

Walt Hays: Good evening. I'm here just to give a brief explanation about
Item 6 on your Agenda. Georgetown University is administering a program
that will give a $5 million prize to the city that saves the most energy over a
two year period and does so in an innovative way. The segments that are
being measured to achieve the prize are city government, residences and
schools. Since schools are going to be playing a major role in winning the
prize if it is won, the student green teams and the staff, which they are
doing. The sustainable schools committee, which I chair, recommended that
the Utilities Staff recommend to you that if you win, a portion of the prize be
shared with the District. I see they've done that, and I hope you will do the
same. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Lin Jiang to be followed by Sea Reddy.

Lin Jiang: Good evening, Council Members. Thank you for the opportunity
to speak tonight. My name is Lin Jiang, and I live on the 600 block of
Webster. I'd like to express my strong objection to the massive construction
project proposed for 550 Hamilton. My family moved here nine years ago.
Only three blocks away from Addison Elementary and one block from the

                                                                        Page 10 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
