                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: If the Council were to consider a rezoning on this site, it
would be a legislative action. As part of that legislative action, you could
amend the interim ordinance to scootch the boundary over.

Council Member DuBois: Just for this one property but not—we could ...

Ms. Gitelman: You could make other changes to the boundary if you wish.
Because it's a legislative action, you could really consider that at the same
time.

Council Member DuBois: What are the requirements for protection of
mature trees? Would that come up as we go through this project?

Mr. Misner: It'd be a process of going through the development process
with other departments and divisions, understanding what rules and
regulations would have to be put in place in order to preserve them. If they
were looked to be removed, then that would have to be evaluated in the
context of an environmental documentation.

Council Member DuBois: Do we have anything that would prevent them
from being removed? I did walk around the property. There's kind of a nice
screening along the back, of larger trees.

Mr. Misner: Just mature redwoods and oak trees would be subject to being
preserved.

Council Member DuBois: Is there any requirement for ground-floor retail in
this area?

Mr. Misner: Currently there's no existing retail. I think part of the CD-C
with the P designation of the proposed zoning would seek to have some level
of pedestrian orientation along the ground floor. We'd have to check to see
if that would require retail use.

Council Member DuBois: If it was RM-30 would the setback be different,
particularly on Webster, versus CD-C?

Mr. Misner: I'm sorry. Can you ask the question again?

Council Member DuBois: If we rezoned it to, say, an RM-30 instead, are the
setbacks the same?

Mr. Misner: I'll have to double check that, but I think you'd have more of a
traditional front yard setback in a residential zone than you would have in a
commercial zone.

                                                                      Page 10 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/16/16
