                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I had the same question about Loma Verde, but
the answer would be the same. Could we use the grant money on Loma
Verde?

Mr. Mello: I think the reason we advanced the two-way, separated bikeway
is we were trying to emulate an off-road trail environment on-street. As we
got far along on it, we started to realize that it just wasn't fitting the way we
thought it would. That's the reason why we looked at a two-way, separated
bikeway on Loma Verde, because we wanted to fit in those constraints, the
recreational focus and the Bay to Foothills connection.

Council Member DuBois:     Looking at the treatments for the midblock
crossings, where would the Middlefield lights be and would that be right at
Keys School?

Mr. Mello: It would depend on where we could construct ADA ramps and
install signal mast arms. It would be somewhere near the bridge over the
creek, but we'd need to find power, we'd need to install the signal cabinet,
the mast arms, push buttons. We'd need room for the proper landing area
at the top of the ADA ramps, and the bridge area is pretty constrained. It'd
probably need to be on one side of the bridge or the other.

Council Member DuBois: Do you know who much money has been spent so
far doing all the planning?

Mr. Mello:   I'm going to have to look.    I can get back to you later in the
meeting.

Council Member DuBois: On the train crossings, the same kind of question.
Was East Meadow considered as the location for the train underpass?

Mr. Mello:     We haven't done any real alternatives analysis on the
overcrossing/undercrossing. That's actually what we'd like to move forward
with to start. If you'd like us to look at East Meadow as one of the
alternatives, we can certainly do that.

Council Member DuBois: It seemed like you suggested some configurations
in the report, but like half of them you said weren't really feasible or had
issues. Is there a preferred scenario? If I'm reading it, does that require
eminent domain to acquire property?


                                                                         Page 30 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
