                          TRANSCRIPT
reduces by that amount of housing the commutes. When we look at our
current greenhouse gas emissions from transportation, one of our biggest
factors is incoming commutes. In climate action calculations, we own 50
percent of the impact of those commutes. To some degree, that addresses
the issue that you had. It doesn't (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: It ameliorates it.

Mayor Burt: That's correct.

Ms. Gitelman: Also your observation is correct that in doing the analysis of
Scenario 6, we may find that we need to either be more effective and
achieve greater emission reductions from the measures that are outlined
here or that there are potentially new emission reduction measures from the
S/CAP that we'll have to elevate as important to achieving the goal that
we've set for ourselves in both of these scenarios of the 80-percent
reduction. It's a great observation.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A few questions to just kind of pick up on this
discussion that we've just had started by Scharff and continued by Mayor
Burt. Just to clarify the question at least for me, do 5 and 6 really
accurately represent the externalized differences or the difference in
externalized greenhouse gas costs of allowing more people to live in Palo
Alto versus having more constrained housing again comparatively between 5
and 6 because, one, there's the transportation greenhouse gases that the
Mayor just alluded to. Also, people who live in Palo Alto, I think we can
safely say will on average use less greenhouse gas than those who live at an
average place outside of Palo Alto, because we have a net zero greenhouse
gas portfolio for electricity in the City. Thirdly, because people who live in
denser development, wherever it is, tend to use lower greenhouse gases per
person. I guess the question is are we accurately reflecting that in how
we're going to compare 5 and 6 when they come back to us in the Draft EIR.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. I'm looking forward to doing this analysis. We
will get under the hood and sort of figure out, based on the quantitative
parameters of each, what the greenhouse gas emissions of each are, and
then which of these measures and potentially more measures we would have
to apply to achieve that 80 percent reduction goal. Our commitment in this
table, if you agree with us to define these scenarios as achieving our goal, is
that we will find ways that both of these scenarios achieve that goal.



                                                                         Page 30 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
