                          TRANSCRIPT
Women. It's a landmark U.N. treaty that defines fundamental human rights
and equality for women, which can be implemented around the world.
Unfortunately, the U.S. is one of only six U.N. member states that has not
ratified CEDAW. Therefore, the Cities for CEDAW campaign has been looking
to implement CEDAW as a local Ordinance in cities and towns across the
United States. That's building on the model of San Francisco; they were
actually the first city in the world to implement CEDAW locally. They did
that back in 1998. Other major cities like Los Angeles followed suit, and
now more than 20 cities across the U.S. have a local CEDAW Ordinance.
From Berkeley here in California to New Orleans to Louisville, Kentucky, it's
sort of a growing movement in the U.S. That's why we are eager to have
Palo Alto be part of that movement. We would be eager to discuss with you
implementing a CEDAW Ordinance here locally.            There are only three
requirements for an Ordinance. One is a gender analysis, meaning there's
analysis that would be done to ensure there is gender equity potentially
along with other items like race and disability that's being considered in City
operations; an oversight body just to ensure that any things that are not in
accordance with the CEDAW Ordinance would be implemented if there's a
need for an action plan; and then, if necessary, funding to implement those
changes. Again, thank you for your time and listening to our interest. My
colleague and fellow Board Member, Helen Young, is also going to add a few
notes on the historical context for CEDAW. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Helen Young, to be followed by
Herb Borock. Welcome.

Helen Young: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and Council Members. The Covenant
for the Elimination of Discrimination against all forms of Women was signed
by Jimmy Carter in 1979 and reported to the Senate for their advice and
consent as is required for all treaties. It has been in committee ever since.
Generally, the U.S. attitude towards these covenants is "we're already doing
it," and they don’t generally sign the covenants. Along with Iran, Palau,
Somalia, Sudan and Tonga, the U.S. has not ratified this treaty. The other
189 states have. There are 189 countries who are members of the U.S. who
have. Since we're not part of the U.N. world on this, many of us feel that
it's important for us to have this enacted so that we can move forward on
making sure that discrimination doesn't continue or arise. The fiscal impact
of passing this as an Ordinance, if it's correct that Palo Alto is totally in
compliance with it, would be nil. If it's not, then there may be some fiscal
impact. Sarah has some figures on that. Probably the other thing that you
need to know is that many cities across the country, as Sarah has said, are
considering this. I hope very much Palo Alto will join the group. Thank you
so much.

                                                                         Page 3 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
