                          TRANSCRIPT
guys have been reviewing over the course of the last two months. You can
see documentary tax is going down a little bit, and that's just based on
activity levels, as we see that kind of tapering off. What does this do to your
Budget Stabilization Reserve? In your proposed, we had, as Jim had
mentioned, originally a draw of about $4.9 million. Based on the Finance
Committee recommendations as well as Staff recommendations, you actually
are going to increase your Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR) instead of
draw on it to $41.6 million. This is about 21.4 percent of what your revised
FY '17 General Fund expenses would be. Now, there are some current ebbs
and flows that we know are potential variables in Fiscal Year '17 and '18.
From that $41.6 million, we actually could potentially add to that to the tune
of 1.3 million based on '16 revised revenue estimates. In order for us to
enable those '17 growths that you saw in that 2.1, current year tracking is
doing better. This 1.3 is recognizing that fact. I think there is a Staff Report
probably coming forward that would potentially, at you guys' discretion, use
that 1.3 to help with the golf course project. One of the recommendations
that is included in here is an adjustment to the capital schedule for three
capital projects.    Now, all things created equal and staying the same
between now and Fiscal Year '18, that $4.3 million that we're deferring
theoretically comes back to us next year. It's just a one year deferral. If
you take all of these two variables into consideration, you'd actually be up
$38.6 million, which is still 19.4 percent above that 18.5 percent target. In
other funds—moving on from the General Fund. There are really nominally
changes that are being recommended. We added an Electric Fund project
due to the Caltrain testing for the modernization project. It's moving the
height of electrical lines over the tracks. We fixed a calculation error, and
then obviously those three project deferrals. You can see the projects listed
here, Rinconada, Municipal Services Center replacement for the roof as well
as Ramos Park improvements.           It's important to note that these are
recommended because they're really not shovel ready for Fiscal Year '17.
Obviously, we have those capital reappropriations. The biggest jump that
you see between your April budget and this one Citywide are these. That's a
$21.7 million increase. Here's kind of a high-level snapshot of your five year
CIP plan. The five year CIP as proposed in April was at $639 million. Now,
we added that new project with the revisions in the Public Art and the
reappropriations. Your new five year CIP plan would be $663.7 million worth
of capital investments over the course of the next five years. Of that, $290
million is in your general Capital Improvement Fund. To take that a level
further, of that $290 million, $128 million or $129 million is programmed for
your capital infrastructure improvement plan, those select key projects like
the Public Safety Building, Byxbee Park, bike and pedestrian (ped), over the
course of the five years.         In Fiscal Year '17, your general capital
improvement budget has actually been reduced as a result of those three
project deferrals. Your revised would be a $68.2 million budget for Fiscal
                                                                             Page 12 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
