                          TRANSCRIPT
traffic. It will be from 3:00 P.M. to 7:30 P.M. I want to mention also that
it's the eighth time now that we're having this festival in Palo Alto. It's
becoming a good habit. We named this festival World Music Day; there are
two meanings behind World Music Day. One is music from around the
world. Let's not also forget that it's a celebration that is taking in place in
something like 120 countries around the world, around the summer solstice
on June 21st. For instance in the U.S., New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, San
Diego, Pasadena are having huge celebrations. Oftentimes it's on June 21st
which is the exact date of the solstice. In that case, we usually call the
event Make Music Day. In Palo Alto, we expect to have about 42 musical
groups playing jazz, classical music, pop, rock, Greek music, music from
Eastern Europe and so on. This event would not have been possible without
a very generous grant from the Stanford Federal Credit Union, which by the
way is not only sponsoring Palo Alto World Music Day but also several other
public events organized by the City or sponsored by the City of Palo Alto. I
want to thank them for a very generous contribution. Finally, I want to say
there are many employees of the City who are involved in organizing this
event and helping me. I want to highlight first the help from the Palo Alto
Police Department. Some of the officers have volunteered to work during
Father's Day, so I'm very thankful for their contribution. Also, there are two
employees from the Community Services Department, Amy Johnson and
Stephanie Douglas, who have been very, very supportive of our efforts. I'm
very, very thankful to all they have done to help me. I hope to see you
there on Sunday, June 19th. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Doria Summa, to be followed
by Rita Vrhel.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor Burt, City Council and City Staff. Doria
Summa, College Terrace. I sent you an email and photos regarding an
event that occurred in College Terrace last Friday morning. I'm here to
follow up on that.     On Friday morning, an extra-long truck came up
Cambridge Avenue and attempted to turn left onto Yale Street. The truck
could not make the turn, partially because of the traffic circle. After much
maneuvering, the truck was able to go back up to Cambridge, then the truck
attempted to turn right going the other direction onto Yale Street. Of
course, it couldn't make this turn either because of the traffic circle and
parked cars. It ended up taking out the stop sign, shearing the hydrant,
sending the hydrant and a giant geyser of water into the air. The hydrant
landed 23 feet away, narrowly missing an occupied building. It could have
injured vehicles or bystanders. This accident never should have happened.
The truck was not on an approved truck route, nor was it on the route
allowed by the construction logistics plan for its destination, 1601 California
Avenue, the upper Mayfield site. Trucks cutting through the neighborhood
                                                                            Page 5 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
