                         TRANSCRIPT
users for lap swims. That's my interest in this. Maybe a median or a mode
rather than an average would be better. I don't know if it was considered.
The last thing is that the price increases seem to be sort of skewed in favor
of benefitting senior citizens like me. Palo Alto's a great City. I'd pay for
more. I pay $2.50 if I buy a bunch of tickets all at the same time, 2.50.
Reading the Report, I could not tell immediately whether that was going to
increase and, if so, how much. I guess in a way I'm asking you all to think
about charging me more. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stephanie Munoz. Welcome.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, while Ms. Munoz comes up here, let
me just comment. We're going to have the item related to the aquatics
contract, just a portion of it, scheduled for the Council agenda on
December 12th. I'll certainly share the comments made tonight with our
Staff. It will be back before the Council on December 12th.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members and Mayor Burt. You
know I'm interested in the possibility of teeny, tiny houses as an alternative
to having to go out to Stockton or Vallejo to commute to a job in Palo Alto.
I know you're all dedicated, and I know you're all intelligent more so than I
am. Sometimes it seems to me—I'm not sure you really appreciate the
problem of the human condition. People are born. They have no choice in
the matter. Every square centimeter of land is already owned by somebody.
If they can't get the education so as to get a good job, they can't have a
place to live. Where will they stay? Since society at large, since the
governors of society—that means you people—are responsible for the
parceling out of the rights to use the land, I think it behooves you—us,
because we pay attention and we vote for you—to see to it that everybody
has some place to go to sleep at night, not a palace and not even a really
nice, modern home, but someplace that's safe and that has a toilet and
possibly even a shower, but at least a toilet. You do realize if you give a
company permission to come here and put the jobs here, that's where
people have to come. They have no choice. They can't stay in Fresno or
(inaudible). There's no job there. They have to come where the job is. If
you allow a job to come here, I think the only solution you have is to have
one—for large companies, they themselves provide one bedroom for each
employee that they have, not a whole house but at least a room. They
could do that on their own property. The City also could use its own
property, the extra property on the schools. The pet shelter, why they can't
they have apartments above the pet shelter? The libraries? There's land—
the schools, certainly there's land there. Why can't the City house its own
employees? It would be financially appropriate. I think about the 14 people
that wanted to live in a house a few weeks ago, and the neighbors objected.
                                                                         Page 54 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
