                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: We're paying for a fancier water fountain and …

Mr. Schnabel: A fancier water fountain. If you want to incorporate bicycle
racks, those weren't included.      The drinking fountain was a standard
drinking fountain. There are upgrades to the standard drinking fountain to
include dog watering and water bottle refilling. They call those hydration
stations, not drinking fountains. Those are probably twice as expensive as a
standard drinking fountain.

Council Member DuBois: If I would have made the Motion, I would have left
that out. I'm not going to argue it at this time of night. I do have some
other comments though. First of all, I appreciate that you incorporated a lot
of the options from the design competition in the base and in the options.
That was really nice to see, at least some of the influence. There was
mention of an art project, and one of the pictures was a pretty dramatic, I
guess, example. That would probably not fly in the Baylands. I just wanted
to—as we get into the art that would be appropriate on the east side there.
We have a lot of capital improvement projects on our list, and I really am
glad to see this Motion. I think we should stick with the base project. It'd
be great if that Google money just reduced the General Fund contribution. I
think it's a great bridge the way it is. Thank you for the design.

Mayor Burt:    Just reminding everybody of the hour.         Council Member
Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple of comments here, I think. On the
baseline, the center portion of the bridge is at 16 feet, and it has a very
different look than on the bowstring one-truss. It's only two feet taller but
has a very different look. The reason I bring it up is because it's a much
more graceful design. I'm just wondering are these accurate or are these
sketches? You know what I'm saying.

Mr. Schnabel: No, I'm not …

Council Member Holman: The top of the arch on the baseline versus the top
of the arch on the prefab bowstring one-span, which is Option 1—the apex of
the arch, the top of the arch, is higher.

Mr. Schnabel: Yes.

Council Member Holman: Is that not possible to do on the baseline or why is
it different?

Mr. Schnabel: We can. It just adds more steel. Basically what we defined
for the span length is a depth to span ratio. The typical depth to span ratios
                                                                        Page 75 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
