                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: That was sort of why I asked if we were going to
send Hillary home.

Mayor Burt: Does that move us to City Manager Office? Who has—Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Kind of the same comment. One of the biggest
things is you're way understaffed now with the loss of a couple of people.
For me, I had two things that I would elevate in priority and two things that
I would decrease. For me, three, Business Registry. I think it's important
that we give it some time and improve the quality of that data. We're
collecting money. It could very easily fail if we ignore it in the second and
third years. I'm concerned about the Business Registry. Then, five, I know
Kash is spending a lot of time on airplane noise. Right now is the time to do
it while the Select Committee is getting up and going. We can't really afford
not to be there. The two that maybe I would de-prioritize right now—again I
...

Mayor Burt: Let me just ask on five, why is it a yellow?        We're spending
Staff time and very engaged. It seems like it's a green.

Mr. Keene: I think it is. It's where are we going and what's our ability to be
successful.

Mayor Burt: Is this a yellow that's kind of a fog of war yellow?

Mr. Keene: Yeah, it's a little bit more like—exactly right. We're green as
long as whatever. Ten years in Afghanistan or something is on target.

Council Member DuBois: I guess two is going to come back to us. This is
local transportation funding. I think we just need to decide if it's this year or
in a future year, and that will change the work load.

Mayor Burt: That's really a green also. That's going full steam ahead.

Council Member DuBois: In terms of being understaffed, when we talk
about it, we'll talk about that one. I already brought up 60. I still think this
mobility as a service app, if there was a way we could get that off your plate
and just incent a private company to do the work for us. Thank you.

Mr. Keene: I think it's a partnership, as we said. I think we need to inform
it with some content, but the work is for the marketplace.

Mayor Burt: Others? Anyone else? Council Member Schmid.


                                                                         Page 78 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
