                         TRANSCRIPT
second is we need to manage time. There's a question of meetings, all sorts of
meetings.      How do we review our structure and process this year in a
meaningful way to be sure we're responsive to the values that you have, but
also that we can get the work done? Finally, in the right-hand corner, we have
to manage our resources which is money, but it's people mostly. I would just
say that consultants can be a great assistance, but they're not an equal
substitute even for Staff, because it still requires ongoing Staff oversight and
management for consultants. Half the time when you bring in consultants, the
first part of the whole effort is trying to get the consultants up to speed, which
means the Staff are spending a lot of time working with consultants. It's sort
of a mixed bag. It's a puzzle. One of the things that we've been thinking about
at the Staff level is post-Retreat effectiveness. How is it that we can explore in
an ongoing fashion, how it is that we really build on just this initial work that
you did in a meaningful way. I just am putting out a few suggestions here. I'm
not asking the Council to do anything right now, other than think about how we
could start to look at some issues like this. Right now, we're working on the
Council Priority work plan. We'll be working with the Staff on the next item on
integrating the Council work plan with the larger Staff work plan, so I can
ultimately give you better reports about what capacity we have to deal with
things. We've talked about this idea. You're going to talk more about either
quarterly Retreats or other kinds of Study Sessions. One, to deal with topical
issues, but we also need to have a way—we really need to have a more formal
way to review where we are on the work plan during the course of a year. One
of the questions that I would just pose is when the Council makes requests,
how does it know that the work can get done, whether it's a casual comment at
a meeting or a motion change or a project itself. One of the thoughts I had is
should we have some sort of a rules committee role between Retreats where
the Staff can work with some subset of the Council about how we manage the
work. I'm not saying it should be a rules committee. Maybe it's some more
clarity about the Mayor and Vice Mayor's role or whatever. I'm telling you we
have a deficit right now for us to be able to communicate with the Council
about are we really getting the work done in the way that you would like it.
How do you look at the Council meetings itself? I'm just proposing that we
really talk about how we manage more strictly the time. Same thing with
Committee meetings. The next to the last issue on the bottom right is rules for
direction, ultimately getting more clarity about how we're in a position as a
Staff to respond to Council motions, either giving you feedback at the meeting
about what it might take or having some post-meeting process working with
the Mayor and Vice Mayor to be able to come back and say the implications of
the motion change you made are such and such. Right now, we have no—
we're going with it. Lastly, streamline products and processes. We've been
having some little conversations about what are things that we've developed
over time that the Council and/or the Staff could agree are anachronisms that
we don't need any more, do we restructure Staff Reports, do we get
                                                                         Page 57 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
