                          TRANSCRIPT
sound like very much. When the property was sold, isn't the levy supposed
to be disclosed at the time of sale?

Mr. Yang: There was not a levy on the property at that time. I believe at
that time our Staff was still just trying to collect the debt from the property
owner directly.

Council Member Filseth: The alternative would be to put the lien on the
property itself and let the property owner try to recover it from the original
owner. You're saying that there's no reason the buyer would have known
about that.

Mr. Yang: Right. In the future, I think we'd be prepared to move more
quickly to have the lien imposed. At the time, we weren't in that position.

Ms. Stump: Just a general comment. This is part of some enhancement of
the Code enforcement activity. You haven't typically seen these on your
agenda. Albert's referring to our Staff becoming more familiar with this
process. I think we are in a position. We've been learning and will be more
efficient and move more quickly in the future.

Council Member Filseth: Is that what we would shoot for in the future, to
put a lien on the property real fast?

Ms. Stump: I think you always want to make a fair attempt to collect the
debt without that, but yes.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: A slightly different question. I noticed like 18 Staff
members were involved with this property. When we do this, do we take
steps to keep the cost down? I'm just curious how we look at that.

Mr. Yang: That property was the first nuisance abatement that City Staff
had attempted as far as my recollection goes. Since then, we have been
working with a contractor to do abatement work. That should keep costs
down as well. That first project, though, was a very large undertaking. As
you can probably tell it required several containers to haul away the junk
that was on the property. If the Council is concerned about the amount of
the expense, in imposing the lien or the levy the Council can modify those
amounts.

Council Member DuBois: I think you guys have made it clear it's a new
thing. I think we just want it to be done efficiently. Thank you.


                                                                        Page 96 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
