                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I was. Then the third part of the Motion would be that
Staff will prepare a report for the Policy and Services Committee in the first
half of 2016, and that's on the top of page 5, to discuss these Group 3
matters and the development of potential recommendations to Council to
direct additional work in one or more of the areas. That would be the
Motion.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:

A.    Approve the five “Group 1” Basement Construction Dewatering
      Program changes for the 2016 construction season on a pilot basis;
      and

B.    Continue working with the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD)
      in an effort on developing a further understanding of the north county
      groundwater systems, impacts of groundwater pumping, and
      opportunities for enhanced groundwater recharge. Direct Staff to
      provide an update on the work plan for this effort to the Policy and
      Services Committee in the first quarter of 2016; and

C.    Direct Staff to prepare a report for the Policy and Services Committee
      in the first half of 2016 to discuss Group 3 matters and the
      development of a potential recommendation to Council to direct
      additional work in one or more of these areas.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, I would say that that Motion even though we didn't
formulate it that way is in alignment and in keeping with the Staff Report we
put together. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, I did. I think what this does is it takes on a pilot
program and it says let's go measure the groundwater, let's gain more data,
let's put some things in place that address some of the immediate concerns
that the public has had. I think those are good concerns. Then what it does
is it says let's continue to gather more information, as Mayor Burt talked
about, in terms of working with the Santa Clara Valley Water District, which
is Item Number 2. Then it says let's look at these items, these Group 3
items, and let's think carefully about which ones we want to do, because
there's a lot of Staff time involved. Staff will come back to us after they've
had a chance to analyze it and say what it will take, the Staff time, the costs
on that, and then we will develop a recommendation to Policy and Services
                                                                        Page 54 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
