                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I mean if they've got customers and they're only going to park
them for two hours or less, they could choose to park them on the streets
either in the color zone or in the neighborhood.

Ms. Atkinson: We haven't run into that situation. When a valet program is
proposed—for example, a hotel or a restaurant proposes valet, they need to
provide information on where those cars will be valeted as part of the plan.

Mayor Burt: They provide an affirmative plan on where they'd park them.
Do we have anything in our approval that says you cannot park them
elsewhere?

Mr. Mello: We can check on that. I've conferred with the City Attorney, and
we're going to look into that. I used to be a valet in college, and I would
park in residential neighborhoods, so it's not far-fetched.

Mayor Burt: Let me just say that valet parkers are real clever guys. Josh, it
doesn't surprise me. Just like drivers, valet parkers are resourceful to our
detriment. Thanks for affirming that. Finally, out of the—this is kind of the
big question. When we started this, we had a certain number of Downtown
workers who were parking in the neighborhoods, principally in the Phase 1
area. Do we know what portion of those employees are no longer parking in
the Downtown area and are instead not taking single occupancy vehicles to
work?

Ms. Atkinson: We know that as of implementation of Phase 1 a total of 300-
400 fewer vehicles parked in the Downtown RPP District. Those were
assumed to be vehicles that were not eligible for permits. In terms of those
who are not parking because of a mode shift, I don't believe that we have
information that we can draw on for that yet.

Mayor Burt: Basically, the question is did they move to outlying areas or did
they shift modes or what percentage did which. If we're just shoving the
problem outward, we're not solving it. If we don't know whether we're
shoving it outward or solving it, we're not getting to the bottom.

Mr. Mello: We should be getting the results of the Downtown employee
commute survey that was recently done by the Transportation Management
Association (TMA). Those might give us a little insight into what the shift
has been.

Mayor Burt: When would we get that approximately?

Mr. Mello: In a month or so.


                                                                      Page 82 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
