                         TRANSCRIPT
1993; that means I am as old as this program. It's amazing. This program
would not have succeeded over the years without the longstanding efforts of
members of Neighbors Abroad, especially Jennifer (inaudible) and Ms. Diana
(inaudible). They have been working as the co-vice president of Neighbors
Abroad since last three year. They have been making great effort for this
program. In (inaudible) as you know, Mr. Gregory Scharff, the Vice Mayor
of Palo Alto, will visit us as the guest runner for the Kasumigaura Marathon.
We are very pleased to invite Mr. Scharff, and we hope he will enjoy his run
and stay in Tsuchiura. Besides students major exchange program, we look
forward to developing our exchange opportunities through many programs in
the future. Before I close my words, I would like to show our appreciation
again for your (inaudible). Thank you for inviting us here.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you very much.

Study Session

3.   Stanford University Staff Presentation Regarding         Transportation
     Demand Management for Stanford Research Park.

Mayor Burt: We will now continue to Item Number 3, which is our first of
two Study Sessions tonight on Transportation Management Associations or
Agencies.   Stanford University staff is going to present regarding the
Transportation Demand Management for Stanford Research Park. Mr. City
Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I want to welcome
Tiffany Griego and Jamie Jarvis. Tiffany's the Managing Director of the
Stanford Research Park as most of you know. Jamie is the Transportation
Demand Manager there. Looking forward to their presentation and Study
Session and then later one from our Staff on the Downtown Transportation
Management Analysis (TMA). We'll see some interesting interrelationships
between these two presentations, I hope. I will turn it over to Tiffany.

Tiffany Griego, Stanford Research Park Managing Director: Good evening.
My name is Tiffany Griego. I'm very pleased to be here tonight to share
with you about our Research Park-wide Transportation Demand Management
(TDM) programs. I have my colleague, Jamie Jarvis, with me who is new to
our team as of October of last year. She and I are excited to share with you
our current and future plans, if I can manage this. This evening, we believe
it's important to share with you our Research Park-wide efforts to reduce not
only traffic congestion but also to evolve our Transportation Demand
Management programs in the Research Park. First, we would like to give
you a bit of background information, since it's been a while since we've
talked about the Research Park. We will also share with you what we've
                                                                         Page 5 of 99
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/14/16
