                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Berman: To get something on a ballot, if I recall correctly,
you have to have it ready by early August.

Council Member Kniss: Yes, you do.

Mayor Burt: That sounds right.

Council Member Berman:          That would be seven months of Council
deliberation, which I think could happen.

Mayor Burt: What if it's one year from now? That moves it to late October.

Council Member Berman: This probably won't be constituted until ...

Mayor Burt: That moves it forward two months.

Council Member Kniss: Then you can't get it on the ballot. You might as
well just say calendar year.

Mayor Burt: If you didn't complete it until December, and then it comes to
the Council in January and we go back and forth on it. It may be February,
and then you've only got from February until August to really round up
consensus.

Council Member Kniss: '18 you're talking about?

Mayor Burt: Correct. I don't know if that's enough. I'd rather put a little
more aggressive schedule, because these committees often fall behind a
little bit. If we said 1 year from now, their goal would be to be back by the
1st of November of 2017. They won't have 12 months, because they won't
get going until maybe the first of the year. They'll probably only have 10
months. Council Member Holman.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct the Committee to
return to Council by November 2017.” (New Part E)

Council Member Holman:         Two things.     First directly related to this
conversation. Do we not think that because there's a fair amount of
information that already exists and expertise that already exists, if we chose
the committee—that's the other thing. It doesn't say in the Motion yet that
we're going to choose the members other than it does say self-select in
                                                                      Page 113 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
