                          TRANSCRIPT
While many of these houses add second floors, they lose valuable floor
space and have to create strange floor plans to squeeze in extra rooms. The
homeowners on Stockton and Loma Verde have asked to be excluded based
on the fact they live across the street from houses that are not Eichlers.
While I understand their position, it is one thing to look across the street and
see a different a house. It's entirely a different matter to have two stories
next door and behind you which is what would happen if they were excluded
from the SSO. Houses across the street do not look into my property; my
next door neighbor's and the houses behind me do. I appreciate that
everybody has rights to their own property, but I feel like I have rights also.
My house is two-thirds glass windows, and I see no way that a two-story
house would not look directly into my side yards, back yard and house,
giving me no privacy at all. I don't think there are ways to architect around
this. Already with my fence at regulation height, in the winter I can look out
of any window in my house and see the roofline of every house around me.
These houses are very close together to begin with, making two stories
would only make privacy worse. Finally, I worry about the property values
for someone who doesn't have the resources or the desire to go up to two
stories. If they're surrounded by two-story houses towering over their
properties, how is that going to affect their property values when all they
can do is look out of the windows at other two-story houses? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.         Heather MacDonald to be followed by Barb
Gaarsma. Welcome.

Heather MacDonald: Good evening. My name is Heather MacDonald, and
I'm a homeowner on Janice Way. I'm speaking in support of the single story
overlay in Royal Manor. I have owned my home for over 20 years and did
my own research before making the decision to support the SSO. Our
neighborhood's small lots mean that our homes are very close together. We
currently have very limited privacy. When a two-story home is built,
especially in the floodplain, the resulting home is quite high. A few years
ago the house next to ours was sold. It was in very bad shape and was at
risk of being torn down. Fortunately the family that purchased the home
valued the character of the neighborhood and renovated the home in a
consistent manner. It made me realize how close we came to having a large
home block our sunlight and compromise our privacy. I felt like at the time,
after 20 years, I had almost no control over what happened to the
enjoyment of the home that we had owned. My research also showed that
the main arguments that people have against an SSO, lower property
values, losing the right to add square footage, and an irreversible decision,
are not accurate. I also understand that there are compromise and tradeoffs
on both sides of the issues. I don't believe that the Individual Review
process provides adequate protections for existing homeowners as
                                                                          Page 81 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
