                          TRANSCRIPT
looking at ways to address this issue of housing in a meaningful, that doesn't
create unwanted impacts. I think the Council's discussion tonight has been
very constructive. We did put this on your Agenda in the context of the
Comp Plan Update, thinking that the guidance you gave us would inform the
Comp Plan Update and the policies and implementation programs in that
update. In addition, we thought that the input you would give us would
inform the fifth scenario, the quality of life. I'm actually looking at "A," "B"
and "D," thinking that sounds like you're giving us direction on what you
want us to analyze as part of the fifth scenario. Saying that, Jim is agreeing
that we can come back and talk about whether we can do any of this in
advance of the Comp Plan Update, but that was not our intention with this
Agenda Item, to create a whole new list of to-do items that will cause to
have to put off other items that the Council has asked for. We can, of
course, come back with those tradeoffs. It is true, as Council Member
Holman indicated, that before you could move to adopt a new program or
ordinance establishing an interim micro unit program Downtown or the like,
we would have to not just develop the ordinance and the program and get
the Council's approval of that, but we would have to prepare a California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) document of some kind to assess the
impacts, community outreach, outreach to stakeholders and property
owners. These are not small discussions that we would engage in. I just
encourage the Council, if you can, think of a way to frame what you're
asking in the context of the Comp Plan Update. It starts to be much more
realistic that we could accommodate your requests and move diligently to
incorporate this and get this done concurrent with that effort.

Mr. Keene: May I just sort of ... I agree with everything Hillary has said
there, with one possible clarification. I think if the Council were to say you
wanted to constrict yourself to giving guidance to the Comp Plan, that you're
not in a position to get to that directive even here tonight. You would be
doing what you're doing in identifying some particular strategies or themes
you want us to pursue. We'd still have to kind of come back to you a little
bit and give you more information. You all were a mirror of the CAC,
listening to you, as far as the range of issues. How to reconcile that in some
way that's something of a strategic feedback to the CAC. I think you need
to be indicating where you really want the emphasis to lean towards around
the range of issues. We can then come back and say—we have to figure out
how we could talk about it both in the context of the Comp Plan and/or if
you wanted to begin something concurrently.

Mayor Burt: As I heard Colleagues tonight, if the question was what are we
interested in the CAC pursuing, that's a broader set of alternatives than
what's in the Motion. I don't think this Motion was intended to narrow the
things that we're interested in the CAC to do. It was intended to identify the
                                                                        Page 101 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
