                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think that's governed by a Development Agreement. We'll
have to check.

Council Member Filseth: In that case—one more. There was an old policy
that called for the Cal-Ventura area to be two and three-story mixed use,
that didn't look like it was there anymore. Do you guys know that one
offhand?

Ms. Gitelman: We'll have to look at that. Maybe this is an opportunity for
me to say a few of you have mentioned that we've eliminated wording
around preserving community character. That was really not the intention.
The CAC and the Staff have really tried to preserve those fundamental
concepts. There have been some editorial changes. If it went too far in one
direction or another, we will try and correct that in future drafts.

Council Member Filseth: I don't want to terribly get out in the weeds here.
Just in general, I agree with Karen about there was an old Clause L-6 that
had maintain scale and character of the City, avoid uses that are
overwhelming and unacceptable. I think that's good language for the Comp
Plan. I'd like to see that back in. Also agree that the proper place for school
impacts is in discussion of land use.

Ms. Gitelman: Excuse me, Council Member Filseth. Could you speak up just
a little? We're having trouble hearing you.

Council Member Filseth: Sorry. I want to echo Karen's comment about the
clause about maintain the scale and character of the City. It used to be
Policy L-6. I also concur that the right place to talk about schools is in land
use, not in community facilities. Caps should generally stay. If we change
the cap every time we get close, then we don't have a cap. As for
development requirements and community metrics, I don't think this is
controversial at this point. To the extent we're collecting data, it's good.
Although, some of these things you could spend an awful lot of time and
effort on. I think we need to balance that. To use performance-based
zoning to replace existing zoning, I don't think that's a good direction. It's
very difficult, costly and time-consuming to enforce. Our track record on
enforcement is not as good as it should be, even as we'd like it to be even
now. Relies on mitigation which is unprovided and it's complicated, which
means it's susceptible to being gamed. I don't think we should bake that
into the Comp Plan at this point in time. Measuring things is a good thing. I
did have a question. If I understand Policy L-7.2—sorry to go into the
weeds. You have to do a historical analysis of any property before you issue
a demolition permit. I'll send you the email. If that means that somebody
can decide they want to remodel their kitchen and get ready to break ground

                                                                       Page 98 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
