                          TRANSCRIPT
departmental intra-agency effort to bring the whole City along with this. I
want to give a lot of credit there as well. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I'd just like to offer a minor modification to help clarify
something. First, what we really have here, when we look at it, is a hybrid
framework. That hybrid framework is a combination of certain areas that
are drafts that are pretty well fleshed out and others that are merely
outlines. To call it a framework, I think, is an overstatement. I think we
need to insert in the first "A" "draft" and then clarify that when it comes
back to the Council in early 2017, I'll be surprised if all these areas have
enough meat on the bone. I would call that a revised draft framework,
because I want to be realistic. If we don't do that, other parties will look at
this and say—look at shortfalls and say this is a joke. "That's not serious.
They called this a framework, and look at the shortcomings." We should
simply acknowledge it is a work in progress. At a certain point in time next
year, it should be a full framework. I don't know that that's going to be the
next time the Council sees it in early next year. Council Member Holman.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part A, “draft” after “adopt
the.”

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Clearly this is a yeoman's amount of
work, and so it's not surprising there have been so many people involved in
it. Thank you for that. A couple of comments on the guiding principles and
design principles and then on the design criteria. On, I guess, the third
guiding principle—I do agree, by the way, with the comments that have
been made about the form and structure of this. It's a little bit unwieldy and
hard to refer to, hard to navigate in a clear and concise manner and hard to
point somebody else to something. It could be better organized and
structured, I think, in that regard. On the third one, it says seek to improve
quality of life as well as environmental quality and economic health and
social equity. There's no reference there—I think there could be—to physical
health.    Two bullets—it's not bullets—items down, it talks about build
resilience. It's also one of the design criteria. I guess I'm not really quite
sure what resilience means in this reference.

Mr. Friend: The general meaning that it carries in this context is the ability
to withstand shocks and perturbation and keep your identity and keep your
wellbeing in the face of disruption. The most vivid example that we talk
about with regard to climate change is sea level rise. How do we maintain
our wellbeing and the health and utility of our low-lying lands in the face of
what may be a six foot rise in the Bay level by the end of the century.


                                                                       Page 43 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
