                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: $1.3 million is 2016 money essentially.

Mr. Perez:      It's actually a carryover from 2015 excess funds.           The
Committee did discuss, to be fair, that we would come back with a plan that
would have options on how to fund this on an ongoing basis and then also a
policy for funding. To add to that, there could be an amendment to your
current policy that has the 15 percent minimum, 20 percent maximum for
the Budget Stabilization Reserve. Anything that goes beyond the 18 1/2
target, the City Manager can recommend funding to the Infrastructure
Reserve with those excess funds. One modification that could come—we'll
try to bring you more. One that we discussed briefly at the Committee is
that you could say anything beyond the 18 1/2 may be split into thirds, a
third to the Infrastructure Reserve, a third into the pension unfunded
liability, and the other third to the retired medical unfunded liability. That's
just one option to give you an example of the discussions we had.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question about reappropriations. On
Packet Page 138, it says a total of $58 million of capital improvements is
being re-appropriated. I have several general questions, which I'll just rattle
off, and then you guys can maybe answer. It's really about what does it
mean in terms of the accuracy of our budgeting process. What can we do to
be more accurate, I guess, in terms of what we'll actually be able to spend in
a year? Do departments have to back up those budget requests with
demonstrated staffing and schedules?

Mr. Perez: Let me take a stab at it first, and then I'll let Kiely tell you about
the technicalities. One of the things that we would do is prepare the budget
and bring it to you. It would only include the new projects. The Committee
would not see existing projects except for a running total that was lump
sum. There was a desire at the PTC and at the Finance Committee and, to
some extent, at the Council level that we're not really looking at the whole
capital program; we're just looking at the new projects. Two years ago, we
decided to change the Code and now include everything. It was not an
automatic stamp of carryover, if you will. That's basically what it means.
Now, it gets reviewed annually, and you have to justify what you need. It's
actually put it in more of a review process than an automatic. What
happens is now we have to identify for you how much of the monies that
we're bringing over in the budget are carryovers from prior years. That's
what it really is. It's adding more focus, more review and analysis and the
ability for anybody, not just the Council, to review all of the projects in the
book.

Council Member DuBois: I understood that. I understand that change was
made. Really my question was $58 million seems like a reasonably large

                                                                              Page 40 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
