                          TRANSCRIPT
was provided to the Finance Committee. No subsequent motions were
made; however, at the Council's discretion is an alteration to that $500,000
contingency level that's recommended. Tree trimming services frequency
cycle, currently you're at a 7-year cycle. The City Manager's proposed April
budget proposed a 15-year cycle. The Finance Committee majority voted
down to a 10-year cycle. There was a lot of discussion between and
amongst these three options. Just to be clear, if you made no changes to
what's in front of you, you would be approving a 10-year cycle. If you want
to increase the cycle to 15 years or decrease it to 7 years, an additional
motion would be necessary.

Mr. Keene: Kiely, if I just might add so that the public at large doesn't
misinterpret the recommendations that we had. We have had a 7-year cycle
in the City traditionally. This year we just got hit with these dramatic
increased estimates in the tree trimming contract to be able to maintain our
trees. In order to even be able to assimilate the funding, we unfortunately
had to recommend a 15-year cycle. The Committee had some discussion
about a real concern that that was a doubling of the time period essentially
that we had always done that. We had presented some cost estimates. It
seemed manageable to the Finance Committee as a majority to settle on the
10-year cycle. I would just embellish what Kiely said a little bit. I think the
Committee felt that there was some confusion or lack of clarity about what
the cost differential was to move from—almost the unit cost differential to
move from 10 to 7, why that was in a sense so much more than it was to
move from 15 to 10. That was part of the difficulty that the Committee was
having. Potentially, if you got into that discussion, we might be able to
provide you more explanation tonight. Thanks.

Ms. Nose: To Jim's point, Staff is here to answer questions about that
contract, should you have them. After tree trimming is the Downtown
parking wayfinding project. There was a lot of discussion over the current
proposed $600,000 transfer from the University Avenue Parking Permit Fund
to support this and whether or not they should be using that $600,000 from
the University Ave. Permit Fund for other capital projects or other necessary
investments. There was no action that was necessarily taken, but it is an
area of indecision amongst the Finance Committee Members. On that one,
just to be very clear, unless you guys take action, currently there is a
$600,000 transfer budgeted from the University Avenue Parking Permit Fund
to the general Capital Improvement Fund for this project. The last one is
discussion over HSRAP funding for additional funding of $50,000 for
emerging needs. As we heard from the public as well as during those
Finance Committee hearings, discussion has been over whether we should at
least in Fiscal Year '17 add $50,000 to allow for more flexibility outside of
the current two year budget cycle that the HSRAP funding is on. Just to be
                                                                            Page 26 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
