                          TRANSCRIPT
wrestling with the most, that there's divisions of opinion on, is how much
growth. There wasn't a lot of controversy on the sustainability stuff. We
looked at that and said that all makes sense. No matter which scenario we
pick, we're going to do that. To assign it to one scenario but not a different
one is an artificial exercise, because we're going to do it whichever scenario
we pick. I was struggling with it the same way that Council Member DuBois
was. It seems to me that, as we decide what to put in Scenario 5 and 6, if
it's stuff we're going to do anyway, no matter which one we pick, then it
probably should be the same in both. If it's stuff that only makes sense to
one of them but not the other one, then that's the kind of thing that ought
to be different. Given that the two scenarios are—one is the aggressive
growth scenario and the other is the modest growth scenario. I think the
Mayor had an interesting point that the whole range here is still faster
growth than historical in Palo Alto, which is an interesting thing to ponder.

Mayor Burt: On the housing side, not on the office.

Council Member Filseth: On the housing, yes. Not on the office, yes. To
the extent that some of these programs make sense as mitigation for
aggressive growth, I would agree with Tom. Some of these aspirational
performance-based measurements fit into that. That probably ought to be
just in Scenario 6. If we're going to do something that's an office cap, for
example. Maybe it doesn't make sense in Scenario 6, but it does make
sense in Scenario 5. That ought to be the filter. When we come back to
something like grade separation or what we do on Churchill Street, if it really
makes sense to do that only in one or the other of the scenarios, then it
ought to only be in one. If it's the kind of thing that's an independent
decision, then it probably shouldn't be different between the two. We're not
really trying to a multi-variant analysis on all this stuff. We're trying to
scope out the solution space. That's how I'm thinking about whether it
should be in both or just one or the other, if it's really tied to one or the
other. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss:      A number of more discrete comments.           The
discussion about closing Churchill is very relevant because of the cost more
than anything. I know we'd have an outcry from a whole variety of sources.
Unless we trench, we're going to have an outcry in any event.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: We're talking about trenching Caltrain.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.
                                                                         Page 49 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
