                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: What follows that is the enforcement. Is it only
meaning to refer to the things that are listed below or things that we've
already approved or ... While you're looking at that, let me ask another
question of City Attorney.    The report says that this is—actually the
ordinance too, I believe—this ordinance is exempt from California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). Can you explain how that is? There
could be some issues here that I would think might trigger CEQA impacts or
analysis at least.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: My thought as well when I reviewed this report.
It's another member of my staff who's done the close legal work. I'm going
to ask the Staff to weigh in. I suspect that there's a specific statutory
exemption.

Ms. Dailey: I'm looking back trying to just answer the first question. The
slide is incorrect. The restriction is the potable water and street sweepers
and washers is prohibited unless non-potable water is available. The slide is
incorrect. The ordinance and the Plan are consistent with each other, on
your first question.

Council Member Holman: You're referring to Slide 13 ...

Ms. Dailey: Correct.

Council Member Holman: ... use non-potable. What I'm saying is I don't
find that particular item listed in ...

Ms. Dailey: Right. That was an incorrect item that was put on that slide.
That's (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: This item shouldn't be in here at all?

Ms. Dailey: No. It's the potable water for street sweepers.

Mr. Shikada: Sweepers and washers.

Council Member Holman:         Could we add potable for construction and
demolition ...

Ms. Dailey: Certainly could.

Council Member Holman: ... to the ordinance? All right.

Ms. Dailey: The second question was about ...



                                                                      Page 40 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/16/16
