                          TRANSCRIPT

with Stanford, I'm so excited that they are going to be presenting to us so
we can hear how their progress in going in their work with the Stanford
Research Park transportation demand management efforts. If we can take
money that was at one point discussed, tens of millions of dollars to widen
Page Mill Road, and spend that instead on transportation demand
management to Palo Alto, whether it's long-range shuttles or whatever, we
could obviate the need for widening Page Mill Road. What I’m hearing from
folks at Stanford is they're increasingly of the same mind. Having that
flexibility as far as how that money is spent is really important, rather than
thinking about a single tool in the tool box. As another member of the public
pointed out, CEQA may even require that moving forward. Let's be ahead of
the curve and not behind it. I don't think we need to be too fixated on the
numbers. Looking at these numbers here, I'm just going to put this out
there for future consideration by the Mayor, by the Staff and by others from
outside of Palo Alto who are here, the numbers around expressways and the
one above that on our chart, congestion relief, transit and mode shift, we've
suggested here 1 billion for expressways and 500 million for congestion
relief, transit and mode shift. I would posit that flipping those numbers
might not be a terrible idea. It's just my position, but I think that's worth
considering. Congestion relief, transit and mode shift encompasses an awful
lot. Also transit includes transit and mobility for people who are transit
dependent, who we haven't focused on a lot here. I think it's worth noting.
I saw a letter or a report by the Mayor of San Jose highlighting the
importance of not forgetting those who are transit dependent. There were a
couple of questions that were asked on page 3 of the Staff Report. Just to
go through them quickly. Number 1, I agree that this is a pretty good
starting point. That was this proposed advocacy position should be an initial
starting point. I agree. Number 2, as we heard earlier, we could take
slightly different positions or at least express views that aren't exactly locked
into what's been agreed to by the other cities, but still move forward with
negotiations. I think Number 3, expressway congestion, can be addressed
through traffic relief programs, not just expressway expansion. As I was
saying before, I think that's great. Number 4, should the City support the
tax measure if Bus Rapid Transit is not officially taken out of consideration?
I don't think that's a very good idea. There's Bus Rapid Transit in multiple
parts of the county. I don't think that our support for this tax measure
should be predicated upon not having any Bus Rapid Transit anywhere in the
county. Just to make sure that the record is clear about what the Bus Rapid
Transit policy advisory board, which I'm Palo Alto's liaison to, approved at
the end of last year, it was to explore and move forward with a pilot
program that Palo Alto could or could not participate in, and it would be up

                                                                          Page 84 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
