                         TRANSCRIPT
      the Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District; and Possible
      Council Direction on Next Steps.

2.    Review of Recommendations From the Storm Drain Blue Ribbon
      Committee Regarding Future Storm Water Management Funding and
      Request for Council Direction on Whether to Proceed With a
      Proposition 218 Hearing and Property Owner Ballot-by-Mail to Approve
      Future Storm Water Management Rates (Continued From June 6,
      2016).

2A.   PUBLIC HEARING: 567 Maybell Avenue [15PLN-00270]: Approval of
      Mitigated Negative Declaration and Tentative Tract Map With Lot Size
      Exceptions to Subdivide Four Parcels Totaling 2.47 Acres Into 16
      Single-Family Lots, Ranging from 5,000 SF to 6,186 SF, and one Parcel
      for a Private Street. Environmental Assessment: Mitigated Negative
      Declaration. Zoning Districts: R-2 and RM-15 (CONTINUED FROM
      JUNE 20, 2016).

Mayor Burt: At this time, we're going to commence with the continuation of
567 Maybell, approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and a tentative
tract map with lot size exceptions to subdivide four parcels totaling 2.47
acres into 16 single-family lots, ranging from 5,000 square feet to 6,186
square feet and one parcel for a private street.       The environmental
assessment is a Mitigation Negative Declaration. The zoning districts are R-
2 and RM-15. This item was continued from June 20th. We had a Staff
Report. I don't know whether you have any other things to share. At this
time, we are open to having questions from Council Members. I think we
went straight to comments from members of the public. Are there questions
that colleagues have? Seeing none, we can go into comments. Nobody's
wanting to leap.

Council Member Kniss:      Pat, you probably want to remind everyone
(inaudible).

Mayor Burt: I did.

Council Member Kniss: Did you do that? Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Let me ask Staff to explain a little more on the issue of the
pedestrian path consideration and, secondly, on the in-lieu fees. At what
point in time did Staff bring forward a recommendation for a pedestrian
path?

Jodie Gerhardt, Planning Manager:      From the very beginning—Jodie
Gerhardt, Current Planning Manager. From the very beginning, Staff along
                                                                        Page 3 of 80
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/28/16
