                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Do you know which fee that is? Is it basically they
were all $1,000, so it's basically $1,000?

Mr. Yang: If you look at the line after the last strikeout, there is a new
general penalty.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss:       Just to follow up on Council Member DuBois'
comments regarding PCs. Just to go back to that for a minute. The last PC
that we voted on and the only PC that five of us have ever voted on was
Maybell. I don't recall dealing with fines at that point. I was interested in
Tom's point, I think, being should we weave into PCs—is that what you were
asking, Tom? Fines that are higher or more predictable, that continue to …

Council Member DuBois: Not into the PC. I think the penalty is here, but we
could have a mechanism to increase it over time.

Council Member Kniss: I don't see it included in here. It's been a long time
since we've done a PC. We could talk about it, but I don't recall us
discussing it for quite some time. Is that the case?

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Kniss, you raise a really good point. We're
talking about this Administrative Penalty Schedule, but this is really only one
tool we have in our toolbox to achieve compliance. There are a number of
other options that are available if we have an incredibly difficult Code
enforcement matter. There are situations, as you've said, where you might
in an Ordinance institute a separate or different arrangement. We did for
the College Terrace Centre, if you remember. It was actually in the PC
Ordinance, some kind of agreement with a penalty or a remedy specified.
This is just one quiver to give us the ability to charge these. There are other
things we can do.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks for that reminder. I do remember that we
wove that into the next grocery store that will come along. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. On the new one that says "exterior
alteration of downtown structure or significant structure outside the
downtown," is that any structure in the Downtown or is that just a significant
structure in the Downtown?

Ms. Gitelman: It's intended to be historical buildings, significant structures.
                                                                          Page 16 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
