                          TRANSCRIPT
while. If we're not going to do it tonight, we need to get on it soon and
establish zoning policies, which would regulate and mandate more housing
and less jobs in mixed use. If we can't do it for this project, if that's what
I'm hearing, that we can't mandate that here, we need to move on that. If
that means we need to write a Colleagues' Memo and get it submitted ASAP,
we'll do that. I want to make sure that, if we can't do it tonight, we can do
it the next time a project is brought forward. I think that's important.
Those are the kinds of things we should see all over Downtown and Cal. Ave.
We should have a precedent, and then others should copy it. It should be
attractive, pedestrian-friendly buildings that have lots of housing and only a
little bit of jobs. I often hear people say that this Council and past Councils
have been guilty of bending over backwards to approve whatever a
developer wants. Sometimes I've felt that that has been a fair critique. I
also think it's important that, when we're using reason and applying the law,
not just Council fiat, that we're not bending over backwards to oppose
something. I don't wake up and think, "What can I do to block something
different or new in Palo Alto?" I wake up thinking, "What can we do to deal
with traffic and parking and ugly aesthetics and the jobs/housing
imbalance?" I'm not inclined to support the substitute Motion, because I
think that the first motion was starting to actually deal with some of those
problems, reducing the office, addressing the parking and traffic concerns.
It hasn't really addressed one of the other concerns that I mentioned earlier,
and others have and ARB Member Lew pointed out, which is the aesthetics.
That seems to be one of the strongest arguments in favor of the substitute
motion, which I'm not going to support. I'm almost tempted to, and I'd like
to hear from the applicant how open they are to revisiting the design as it
faces all three streets, whether that means they could separate it into two
pieces. You could have a walkway through the middle, so it's broken up or,
without getting into ...

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, we really need to—I'm sorry. Just a
moment. We really need—one, we're not going—the motion before us is not
about a redesign. That's not what we're addressing right now. We need to
focus on response to the substitute Motion before us.

Council Member Wolbach: If it's acceptable to the Mayor, I'd like to ask the
applicant if they have a response to the concerns about the architectural
design as addressed in ...

Mayor Burt: No, that's ...

Council Member Wolbach:      ... the substitute Motion here before us right
now.


                                                                        Page 62 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
