                          TRANSCRIPT
vibrant Downtown, this location seemed ideal for us to raise a family. Our
daughters are eight and 11 months old. Over the years, we've witnessed a
drastic transformation of more and more dense office buildings adjacent to
our neighborhood of residential housing. A quick scan of the Palo Alto
development map today reveals some 20 office buildings currently in
construction, 20 new buildings. We say enough office development already.
My neighborhood is residential with mostly one-story, single-family homes
and two-story multifamily homes. The idea of two massive, tall, intrusive,
glass buildings right across the street with no setback from all the residential
homes is truly outrageous. The existing building on 550 Hamilton serves the
community well. The parking lot serves as a buffer from office buildings for
residential homes with many mature trees. This proposal intends to build
out the entire lot, in the process removing many trees including four large,
mature Sequoia redwoods. The density, traffic congestion and noise will
increase significantly. The proposal also presents some serious daylight
plane encroachment issues and intolerable privacy issues for the abutting
neighbors on Webster Street. It is a blatant disregard of careful planning,
transitioning from Downtown commercial into residential neighborhood. We
ask that you oppose this intrusive and massive project. Thank you for your
time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Sea Reddy.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, Mayor and the citizens of Palo Alto and the
communities. I'm not going to take time to campaign on things. I have
things that I want to talk about. As you get the absentee ballots in the
mail—this is happening this week—I want you to really think through to see
why do we need $1 million, up to $1 million, of people's money to find two
representatives to represent us. Think hard. Why is there a revolution
here? Why is Donald Trump getting a lot of attention? We don't need that
money. I think you could give that money to schools, people that are in
need. We don't need to give it to campaign committees, and then they turn
around and give it to the advertisement and put billboards and all that.
Please consider that. We don't need that. You're well educated; you have a
lot of courage to decide who you want. Let it be someone that you really
know, but you don't need to waste that money; you don't need to
(inaudible) that money. What I'm afraid is that you need to do favors when
you get back to Sacramento. The second thing I want to talk about is I am
again saying that if you are running for something, you should go for that
position and give up other things. There are Council Members here, Council
Members in Mountain View, Council Members in other parts of the town, I
request them to resign where they are today and then go for the June 7th
primary so they can decide the people who want to go to the next step.
Thank you.
                                                                         Page 11 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
