                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Neva Yarkin, to be followed by Kimberley
Wong. Welcome.

Neva Yarkin: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. My name is Neva
Yarkin, and I live at 133 Churchill Avenue. Regarding the tree removal in
the Castilleja area. For me, it is not one redwood tree removal that is in
jeopardy. It is all the 167 trees that Castilleja wants to get rid of. I think
that we need a second opinion to go back and really look at all these trees to
see if they are diseased. Thank you very much for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Kimberley Wong to be followed by Rob Levitsky.

Kimberley Wong: Hello. My name is Kimberley Wong; I live at 1260
Emerson in Palo Alto. As a neighbor of Castilleja, I have become concerned
with the impacts to the neighborhood in terms of traffic increase, school
events, afterschool events, the measures that Castilleja has gone forward to
implement their plans despite not being complete a/k/a the 124-foot tree
removal. I'll leave that to Rob to comment. Although we have seen more
shuttling to the school in the mornings, for the countless night events—we
have counted five just this past week—shuttles are also needed for parents
to reduce car trips to the neighborhood at night. My question to Castilleja is
if they are able to implement this kind of shuttle system at all hours of the
day, why do they need a multi-million-dollar garage at all. Aren't the
leaders of tomorrow supposed to be working on reducing the carbon
footprint of today? The time has come to think outside of the box and come
up with creative solutions to mitigate their ever-growing traffic problems.
Castilleja needs to follow suit with other private schools such as Pinewood,
Harker and International School, which have chosen to expand and split
their campuses rather than subject the community and neighbors to extra
traffic and years of disruptive construction. I wish that the City Council
considers these alternatives when this project comes before you. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rob Levitsky, to be followed
by Elizabeth Duncan. Welcome.

Rob Levitsky: Hi. Rob Levitsky here. This is my third time in 3 months to
discuss Castilleja and their proposal to completely redevelop their property,
their six acres, and disrupt the block known as 1200 Emerson completely by
destroying a couple of houses and uprooting lots and lots of trees. Some of
these ended up upside-down unfortunately. This is the tree in question. No,
it's not. I've also been meeting regularly with Dave Dockter, who's the City
Arborist, on a weekly basis. It stunned me when all of a sudden last week
they came across this plan to cut down this redwood tree. In the Palo Alto

                                                                         Page 7 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
