                         TRANSCRIPT
all your ABAG allocation? If so, how are you going to zone for your next
allocation? Those are hard questions, but I think we need to think about
them as a Council. I also think we really want to focus—I want a fifth
scenario that creates a positive quality of life for Palo Alto. That's what I
read online; that's what I heard speakers say. Over the next 15 years,
we're degrading the quality of life in Palo Alto. Let's come up with a scenario
that I call the Quality of Life Scenario. Therefore, I'm going to try a Motion.
I don't think the Motion that I want to try is the be-all-and-end-all of it. I
think Council Members should add things to it. I can't think of everything,
and I'm not going to try. I think we should basically say that we want a
scenario that adds the sustainability options but goes further to reduce the
impacts such as traffic, parking, greenhouse gases. I'm sure there's a bunch
of others. There's pollution, congestion. That we want to use Palo Alto data
when possible. I think there were two sources of that. There was the
source of the EVs. There's the source of the Business Registry. To the
extent possible we want to be as Palo Alto-specific as possible. We want
Staff to come up with a mitigated scenario that shows quality of life
improving. I don't know what all those mitigations are. I think Staff should
throw out as many as they can. That includes reducing job growth if that's
doing it, putting housing ...

Mayor Burt: Are you speaking to your Motion now?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, I'm putting the Motion together. You're right, I was
falling into speaking to it a little bit. A scenario showing quality of life
increasing. Then I want to integrate as much as possible the S/CAP into that
scenario.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to direct Staff to develop a “fifth scenario” for analysis in a supplement to
the Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) that:

A.    Adds the sustainability options from the current scenarios, which
      reduce impacts, including traffic, greenhouse gas impacts, etc.; and

B.    Includes further mitigations for a scenario that improves the quality of
      life in Palo Alto by mitigating the impacts of future growth and
      development; and

C.    Wherever possible, the scenario will use Palo Alto specific data; and

D.    Where possible to integrate the Sustainability Climate Action Plan
      (S/CAP) in the fifth scenario.
                                                                         Page 49 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
