                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: In the Downtown District. I'm open to stuff to talk
about SOFA, but I'm going to leave that to my colleagues to talk a little bit
about, because I'm actually not as familiar with the current rules on SOFA. I
thought I'd let Karen weigh in on some of that first. Remove the 25 percent
office exemption. Are you good with that or not? Right now we allow 25 to
25 percent office.

Council Member Kniss: Let's leave it for now.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Leave it the way it is.

Mayor Burt: Can I get a clarification? That applies in the Downtown area,
not just SOFA, right? Okay.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let me just speak to it briefly. I think it's really
important that we protect the existing retail, and where possible we expand
the retail in the Downtown. That's really the goal here for me.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: As I mentioned earlier, having walked this today,
I'm really kind of amazed at what a good mix it is. That's without, as
somebody said, curating it, which is a term I wasn't too familiar with but
now understand means sort of dictating what goes in there, which is what
Stanford Shopping Center does. They are incredibly successful. If you look
at this Downtown at the moment, it is very successful. As Faith Bell said, in
'09 and '10, that was kind of a dreary time Downtown. There were a lot of
see-through buildings, so called. It was pretty discouraging. To walk down
there today, I think yes, expanding this somewhat, Greg, is good. I think
overall it's pretty good as it is now. You've suggested the yellow that is on
our sheet, which expands it a little. Doesn't expand it a huge amount.
Beyond that, I think what Greg just said about Homer and what goes along
there is significant. If you'd get back to us with that when it comes back
again. Beyond that, I have that same issue out on Alma. I know 100
Addison has had a hard time. We're now hearing that again. I'm surprised
we haven't heard somebody come in from North Face and say the same. I
don't think North Face is included in our retail Downtown anywhere. Is it?
If it is, I couldn't find it. The map runs out when you get that far up on
Alma. That's not prohibited at this point, right?

Mr. Lait: I'd have to take a look. I remember looking at this at one point. I
think it is outside of the boundary, though.

Council Member Kniss: It appears to be that way from this. Should I be
here when it comes back, being that I'm not for sure where we'll all be in
                                                                      Page 80 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
