                         TRANSCRIPT
these little pocket locations. They don't need to be big. As well as outside
of the subject here, but to revisit what Council Member Holman and I had
been pursuing is in multifamily development to look at having that. I had
just a quick comment on the Mountain View Baylands. The crowds that are
there are there for the aquatic center and the restaurant. That's what draws
the crowds there; otherwise, I think we're at least comparable in that. I do
want to support looking at these various proposals by Mr. Paulsen on both
the Arastradero area and Foothills. I concur. I'm up at Foothills as often as
anybody. Most weekdays, there's nobody at the gate. Of course, you don't
know that if you're not a resident and you have to drive all the way up there
to find out. Really the only time that we have anything resembling fairly full
occupancy is from late spring to early fall on the weekends. All the rest of
the time, it's way underutilized. I think that a proper compromise between
residents who still feel that we bought and paid for it, it ought to be ours,
from way back when, is to strike that balance, that they won't have their
access in any way compromised. I don't know what it harms us to allow
others to use the park when there's no competition for it. It just doesn't
hurt us. I do want to say on the 7.7 acres at Foothill, we actually had a
Council policy action. That should not be superseded by Study Session
comments by any of us as individuals. When we take a vote, we're not
trying to undermine that in different ways. It can be revisited in the future,
but not through this process. There was a question on dog parks in here. I
agree that there's a need. We had discussions, and I keep seeing it not
happen because we kind of think in a binary way. We were proposing at
Pardee. I think it was originally proposed in an area abutting homes or right
across the street from homes. People objected, and I think that's somewhat
reasonable. We have space there to do it without abutting the homes. Put a
buffer in and go do it. I've been mystified by our struggles on figuring out
how to strike the right compromises between legitimate neighbor concerns
and the need for that. Finally, I just want to touch on this one thing about
the middle school athletic programs. Colleagues brought it up for reasons
that I concur with, but there's another dimension to this that has not been
discussed. Two or three years ago, the State court system ruled that all
forms of public education must be open to all without mandatory fees. This
program that we've adopted was set up before that clarification occurred in,
I think, the State supreme court and subsequently codified in new State law.
This is why we are no longer running the summer school program for the
School District. We're not in violation of the law, but I believe they are.
We're supporting it and complicit in their actions. It needs to be available
for all students. The trophies are in the trophy case. They wear a school
uniform. It's a school program that we pay for and run. We're not the only
District that does it wrong, but this has been pretty clear now in State law
and based on the State Constitution interpretation. I have a real concern
that this is going on, and there's not a financial need for it really anymore
                                                                      Page 110 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
