                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Heck: Yes. Not holistically for this region. There's some interesting
economic examples here. One is—it goes back to Council Member Filseth's
question. How much the public transit system is subsidized depends very
much on how well it runs. If you look at San Jose, we've got 15, 20 percent
fare recovery at best, so we're subsidizing 80 percent of every trip. If you
look at San Francisco, it's sort of close to the national average of about 50
percent. If you look at Caltrain, interestingly fare box recovery is actually
higher. It's in the 60s, so we're subsidizing only a small portion of it. Let
me add a really interesting data point that people never think about.
Indirectly through that dollar we spend as taxpayers, we're subsidizing the
road network as well. Every person isn't individually paying the full cost of
that system, not even with the gasoline taxes. If you run those numbers—
there's some interesting research on this at the Federal level—it's about a
42-percent fare box recovery rate. The quick macro answer is yeah, if we've
got a San Jose system, let's make it more efficient before we put more
money into it, or let's make sure the improvements we're going to make
really get that return in terms of the density and the routes. If we've got a
Caltrain-type system, it's more efficient than subsidizing the road system.
That's a macro answer. Let me give you a micro answer too. The answer is
this is not monolithic. Remember I showed this sort of bull's eye, that the
answer is different by region. I think if we're talking about the Downtown
area is already close to the rail, to get those better connected, it's much
cheaper to upgrade the existing rail system. For the areas that are too far
from a rail system today, the areas out towards the bay or up into the hills,
we should not try to build rail systems. We shouldn't try to add light rail.
We probably shouldn't even try to build new bus systems, because the bus
systems we have are already not heavily loaded. That's where the kind of
system you described of—for the people who can't afford it, let's subsidize
the Uber trips because that's actually the easiest way to give those people
transit access.    Let's not subsidize their Uber trip from here to San
Francisco. Let's subsidize their Uber trip from here to Caltrain to then go to
San Francisco. That's the only analysis I've done so far. The combined
system always wins economically over running exclusively one or the other.
Train everywhere is expensive. Car everywhere is expensive. It really is the
right mode for the right trip.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My last question was you showed a slide with little
portions of University Avenue becoming pedestrian zones. That's obviously
been really successful in Santa Monica, Boulder, Miami. I'm sure there's a
few other examples. Have you done any looking at if that would be
successful in Palo Alto or any concerns people have with that?

Mr. Heck: I haven't done any modeling on that. As you just gave examples,
it has been very successful in many places. The big concern usually is will it
                                                                       Page 37 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
