                         TRANSCRIPT
necessarily anticipate that it absolutely will be any one specific scenario. I
think what we're trying to do is provide scenarios, again, that offer you a
range of choices. It's anticipated and expected that the final scenario might
represent a blend of different aspects of one or more of the different
scenarios. You will have some flexibility there. I don't want to rehash the
details of each one of the individual scenarios, because I know you've been
through them numerous times. I think you're probably anxious to get on
with the public comment and your own discussion. We do have slides on
each one of the four scenarios as well as a final slide that kind of compares
all six of the scenarios. Scenario 1 is the "business as usual" scenario that
maintains existing Comp Plan policies. Scenario 2 would slow the pace of
both job growth and housing growth and has the lowest number of housing.
Scenarios 5 and 6 have a lower number of jobs. Scenario 3 is kind of a
midrange in both housing and population. One of its defining characteristics
is a shift in housing sites from south to north as well as the introduction of
grade-separated Caltrain crossings. Scenario 4 in the Draft EIR was the
scenario with the greatest amount of housing and job growth, more
consistent with ABAG projections. It also includes both grade-separated
Caltrain and mixed-flow Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) on El Camino. Again, since
the time of the publication of this Draft EIR—not reflected in this Draft EIR
but to be analyzed in a supplemental analysis is Scenario 5, which slows the
pace of job growth even more than Scenario 2, which was previously the
lowest job growth scenario, and then adds to that kind of the midrange of
housing that was consistent with the housing in Scenario 3 as well as a
range of sustainability and mitigation measures from the EIR. Scenario 6
would add a new bookend of the highest number of housing while retaining
the same lowest number of jobs as in Scenario 5. That's of the highest
housing and lowest jobs scenario, pairing those two facets up to see what
the interaction of those is like and how the potential impacts might change
under that scenario. This slide just compares, kind of at a glance, all six
scenarios. This slide also provides the jobs to employed residents ratio for
each one of the scenarios. I know that, when we talked about Scenarios 5
and 6, seeing a more significant decline in that ratio was something that was
important to the Council and one of the primary motivators for adding those
scenarios. You can see that that does decrease under both Scenarios 5 and
6 from the four scenarios that were analyzed in the Draft EIR. I want to just
briefly touch on the Fiscal Study. Again, Ben is here to answer more
detailed questions. For the purposes of the presentation, I'll just give you a
brief overview. The Fiscal Study is really focused very specifically on the
City's General Fund and looks at what the impacts on the General Fund
would be under each one of the four scenarios. It's based on the most
recent adopted budget. It also includes a 15-year look back at revenues and
costs as well as the 15-year forecast for each one of the four scenarios. It's
important to understand about the Fiscal Study that this was a very
                                                                          Page 56 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
