                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We wouldn't be able to. To renovate that under the current
regulations, you'd have to tear it down. It would be impossible under
current regulations to keep that portion of the building ...

Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Mr. Popp: ... unfortunately. I respect Council Member Holman's ...

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Berman: It goes back to the question of what's the purpose
of having the 50-foot setback. I don't know why the decision was made 40
or 50 years ago. It sounds like there aren't good enough Minutes of the
meetings, but it's also kind of irrelevant to me because situations in
communities change. What's considered best practice changes. I think we
should be analyzing that question today under today's context of what we
want there and not necessarily the rationale behind it 50 years ago when the
area looked very different. I see Council Member DuBois' point in the sense
of there's nice landscaping along Hansen and some of these properties. If
you look at an aerial view on Google Maps, for the acres around there it
seems like more than 50 percent of that area is parking lots which current
thinking says is probably the most inefficient use for land these days,
especially if you can build it underneath a building. I'm sure this is totally
empty 16 out of the 24 hours a day. I agree that aesthetically we don't
want to make it seem like there's a building right up against the street. I
think that's something the applicant should definitely take back and
consider. I don't think you need 50 feet of landscape that might be using a
lot of water to achieve that goal. I'm not going to repeat a lot of what other
folks have said. I definitely think that this is a unique parcel along Hansen.
I totally disagree it's a gateway, but that's a whole different conversation we
can have. I do think that it's an anomaly in comparison to the parcels
around it. I don't think a 50-foot setback necessarily make sense on this
corner.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just briefly, maybe I can answer Council Member
Berman's question here. I went out there this morning and looked at it and
paced off the property. It looks to me like the existing hotel, the distance
from the edge of the sidewalk to the outer wall of hotel—I think it's actually
on the parking lot of the hotel—looks like about 12 feet right now. It's
really, really close out to the sidewalk. If you look at the building next door,
which I gather is a 36-foot setback, it actually looked like it was a lot less
than that to me. It looked like it was about 18 or 20 feet back from the
sidewalk, again depending on where exactly the property line is. As other
                                                                         Page 39 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
