                          TRANSCRIPT
advertise and provide their services to the residents as well as the general
public. Now my business partner, Jamie D'Alessandro, will talk about our
Transportation   Demand      Management      (TDM)    approach    and   our
environmental approach.

Jamie D'Alessandro, Windy Hill: Thank you, Tod. Thank you, Council
Members, for the opportunity to present today. This evening I'm going to
talk a little bit about the TDM plan as well as our environmental approach.
Given that we are proposing less than one parking stall per unit, a robust
and comprehensive TDM plan is imperative to our project's success. We
intend to offer this by, one, providing a multitude of alternative
transportation options; two, offering information on these options and
programs; and, three, by incentivizing our residents to seek these alternate
modes of transit. The goal being our TDM plan will hopefully substantially
mitigate the project's traffic and parking impacts.       Our TDM plan will
ultimately have trip targets. In our eyes for it to be successful, it is critical
that we have three things:          one, ongoing monitoring metrics; two,
meaningful enforcement requirements; and, three, consequences should our
targets not be met. Although a traffic impact analysis has yet to be started
by the City, we do have a lot of ideas for numerous TDM strategies to
accomplish our goals. Tod previously discussed the dedicated car share
stalls for a company like Zipcar as well as our taking Staff guidance to
increase our bike parking, which is now at a ratio of 1.5 bike stalls per unit.
Additionally, our bike shop and kitchen will offer what we think will be a
small gathering place for riders to congregate as well as a place for them to
buy essential bike supplies and repair equipment.          The bike shop is
envisioned as being complete with electric bike, scooter and skateboard
charging stations, all potentially open not only to our community but to the
general public as a community benefit. Additionally, we hope to be able to
design in-unit wall or ceiling-mounted bike racks for supplemental. Now,
TDM is not just limited to the aforementioned physical amenities that we'll
have onsite. Given our proximity to Caltrain and the VTA bus routes, we'll
be offering monetary allowances to residents both for Caltrain Go and VTA
Eco passes, which we hope will incentivize alternate modes of transport.
Additionally, as you know, the free Marguerite shuttle bus runs right by the
property. Our monetary allowances for residents will also be for use with
various transportation network companies like Uber, Lyft and Waze.
Additionally, we will have onsite a Transportation Coordinator who will live
onsite. Their responsibilities will be not only to oversee the allowance
program and the physical amenities we've mentioned, but they'll also be
responsible for posting relevant transportation schedules, bike safety and
repair information and even coordinating annual safety and repair
workshops. More importantly, as part of our TDM program there are a
number of restrictions we are willing to put in place on our development that
                                                                          Page 5 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
