                          TRANSCRIPT
us leaves out a lot of important factors, and I think they should be
considered. For example, Scenario 6 would add 6,000 housing units. That
would increase the net cost to the City about $17 million a year, because
every housing unit costs between $2,700 and $2,800 a year more for
services than it pays in taxes. This is not new; this was true 45 years ago
when I helped to incorporate Rancho Palos Verde. We did a study on the
validity of the property tax supporting the government, and we found it
would not. We made it because we had several business districts in that
area, and that made it possible to incorporate the city. One of the things
that you should be thinking of, that was kind of interesting, is if we're going
to put housing in the Stanford Research Park, would Stanford agree. Are
you aware of the fact that part of the Stanford Research Park was zoned for
housing more than 30 years ago? The area was basically along Arastradero
Road and then went up toward the Foothills. Stanford said, "We will not at
any time, under any circumstances, allow housing in that area." After seven
years of prohibiting any development there, the City gave up and rezoned it
for industrial. In exchange, Stanford helped to fund the low-income housing
project on Alma. If you're going to be talking about where we're going to—
one other thing that's very important. I think we know it, but it doesn't
focus on it. Changing the zoning and the land use does not build anything.
It makes it possible it could be built, but it doesn't do anything. I'll give you
an example. When the area along El Camino was rezoned CN and CS, those
zones allowed residential on the upper floor. We thought there was going to
be a lot of residential development along El Camino because now it's
allowed. I can think of five or six properties between Adobe Creek and Page
Mill Road that have housing on the upper floors. All the rest are low-density
commercial. The housing has not been built. As I say, zoning doesn't create
anything. One final thing.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Moss: There is an election tomorrow. I urge you all to vote early, vote
often and vote democratic.

Mayor Burt: The next speaker is Shani Kleinhaus, to be followed by our final
speaker, Rita Vrhel. Welcome.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening again. Shani Kleinhaus. I'm a resident, and
I'm on the CAC; although, I don't speak for the CAC for the Comp Plan. It's
not surprising to me that there are just a few comments from residents in
the package that you have and that not very many residents wish to speak.
It's a difficult process to follow. We have the Comp Plan that has not
finished its work. We have an EIR that has changed its scenarios. Those
scenarios don't exactly compare to the previous scenarios. I would just step

                                                                             Page 63 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
