                          TRANSCRIPT
their fundraising target in order to contribute a proportionate amount of the
parking lot rebuild?

Mr. de Geus: I think $25 million is their stated goal, and they're sticking
with that. We've had that conversation.

Council Member Holman: If the Council wanted them to, say, go raise
another $1 million. I think those are my questions. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks very much for the presentation and all
the hard work that's gone into this so far, especially those who have been
doing so much on the fundraising side from the Friends. A couple of
questions and thoughts. Most of my concern is around the funding, the
financing and some of the potential costs going forward. There's something
on Page 7 of the Staff Report that definitely raised some concerns for me.
At the very bottom of the Page, very last sentence, suggesting that Phase 2
may result in us having to put other projects in the City on hold. I was
wondering if Staff had anything they wanted to add to that at this point.

Mr. de Geus:       Council Member Wolbach, this is the thing that we're
concerned most about too as Staff. We know there's limited resources.
There's a very big capital plan that we have as a City. We can't do it all, and
we certainly can't do it all at the same time. As this project moves forward
and we are ready to contribute and rebuild the parking lot before we may
have otherwise done it, that means we may not be able to do something
else that is also a high priority. Just a reality of that, we need to appreciate
and understand that there's going to be tradeoffs as we go forward. As
wonderful as this is, there are going to be other tradeoffs that are not so
wonderful.

Council Member Wolbach: Remind me—I'm sorry if I missed it—how much
are we looking at Phase 2 costing.

Mr. de Geus: I'm sorry. Could you ask that again, Council Member?

Council Member Wolbach: How much is the cost expected for Phase 2?

Mr. de Geus: Early estimates are $3 million.

Council Member Wolbach: Three million dollars, that's good to keep in mind.
On Page 6 of the Staff Report, it talks about—we've talked about it
somewhat tonight. I want to make sure I understand this. We're looking at


                                                                          Page 21 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
