                         TRANSCRIPT
curve and the parking guidance system. Attachment A is blue concept
number one, and it's got the different designs in it. Maybe we do need some
wayfinding guidance, Mayor Burt. That's what I think we're looking at, but
I'm not sure. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: It's the last (inaudible).

Ms. Atkinson: We think that Attachment D may be attached to your
Attachment A perhaps.

Council Member Kniss: It's on the back of (inaudible). It's big on one and
little on the other.

Council Member Holman:      Attachment D is part of—I didn't differentiate.
Here's "C."

Ms. Atkinson: On that map, it has small elevations along the bottom of each
type of sign and then proposed locations.

Council Member Holman: You said "D" was a part of Attachment A or F?

Ms. Atkinson: It looks like it might be attached to Attachment A on yours.

Council Member Kniss: It's also on "F."

Ms. Atkinson: And perhaps on Attachment F.

Council Member Holman: Let me come back to that one. City Clerk's
pointing me to this. Is it Sheet 1.0, Attachment D? There it is. How in the
world can we interpret? I'll just put out there. One of the concerns I have
and a question I have about this is—one of the things I really struggled with
over the weekend especially and completely—wayfinding is really important.
If we put up too much signage, it actually can be eye litter, and it can be
confusing. I was having a very hard time discerning from the information
that we had where signage was going and where it was not going. I'll give
you an example, and you can tell me what this means please. I think it was
in your presentation this evening, I think. It talked about there would be
both monument and pylon signage at the garages. I'm sure that was in
your presentation this evening. What I'm trying to understand is—I think
I've stated it. Can you help me understand what signage is going to be
where? In some kind of simplistic manner so that we can feel somewhat
confident that we're not going to be littering our Downtown with too much of
a proliferation of signage.

Ms. Sullivan: Thank you for your comments, Council Member Holman. On
the first point about signage litter, that was one of the main things that our
                                                                        Page 50 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
