                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:     I'll introduce it, and then—will we hear from the
public as well?

Mayor Burt: We will.

Council Member DuBois: As the Memo outlines, this is a neighborhood that
has waited about 16 years for relief. It was mentioned in the Stanford
General Use Permit, but there was no funding at that time. Two years ago,
citizens started doing parking surveys on their own and reporting those to
Council. It was the subject of a Palo Alto Weekly article at that time. Last
summer, residents began collecting signatures; they got 225 signatures
from about 300 homes. Last year, they also met with the California Avenue
(Cal. Ave.) Business Association, and I believe they tried to meet with
Council Members individually. In February, they presented that petition here
at Council, which led to the Colleagues Memo. Our current RPP Ordinance
allows Council to initiate an RPP on an accelerated timeline. The Memo was
completed in February. It's now May; it's been a little bit of a slow process.
The focus is on the non-commercial residential part of Evergreen Park, which
is five blocks by three blocks. It's primarily R-1. It's already isolated from
El Camino and Cal. Ave. by barriers to traffic. There are "no thru traffic"
signs to isolate the neighborhood, but that's not really working. There are
several new office construction projects underway, and residents are
concerned that a permit program be in place before kind of bad habits are
ingrained in new inhabitants of those buildings. They were really looking for
the speediest approach. The College Terrace parking program appeared to
be the most expedient to them. My colleagues and I in the Memo suggested
a College Terrace-like program would be possible using our new ordinance
with very little commercial intrusion in the neighborhood. At the same time,
we also asked that retailers in the Cal. Ave. business district be able to share
permits for (inaudible) workers on either lots or street-level parking or the
garages. There are a couple of issues, and I'll wrap this up real quick. I
think we need to think about complexity and cost. We have this new RPP
Ordinance that we haven't used very much. We need to decide if it's
workable. If it's too costly and too time-consuming, we may want to look for
simpler and cheaper solutions. We also need to think about spillover
impacts. Tonight's not the night we're talking about the four submissions,
but two of those submissions are adjacent to each other, Southgate and
Evergreen Park.      They're surrounded by restricted parking and Paly,
Stanford, College Terrace and Cal. Ave. business district, and then they have
trains at Alma Street on the other side. If we were to give one of those
neighborhoods parking and the other not parking permits, I think it's easy to
see where spillover traffic would go. We brought this Memo because we felt
it was an urgent situation; we need a response process. The Memo in
February asked that we direct Staff to come with an expeditious proposal in
                                                                         Page 24 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
