                         TRANSCRIPT
the Finance Committee's budget recommendations and use of a
transportation contingency. That will be coming forward to the full Council
shortly.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible) Public Works, but the department support is
Police. Should I bring it up now?

Mayor Burt:    Mm-hmm.      Wait.   Let's just make sure are we done with
Middlefield.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I want to raise the issue on the smoking ban. I was
very surprised to see it just says Staff time ...

Mayor Burt: (inaudible) each case, let's (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: This would be Number 66. This says Public Works is
the lead agency, and then we have department support of Police
Department. My recollection is that we've had several meetings of the Policy
and Services Committee over a two year period. We did outreach; we did
surveys. The surveys came back that a lot of people really would prefer to
have smoking outlawed in multifamily. I thought where we left it, frankly,
was that we were going to basically get an ordinance drafted, and it was
going to come to Council. I'm not sure what more needs to be done,
frankly, than an ordinance drafted. There's a lot of ordinances out there; I
don't think that's what's holding it up, and I don't think it's the City
Attorney. The question is—at that meeting, if I recall, we actually had
discussions that the Police Department had concerns about enforcement.
We said we understand that, we don't expect rigorous enforcement
necessarily, but this allows the owners of the complexes, this allows the
governing boards of the condominium complexes to have these discussions.
We expected an ordinance to come. I don't really know; it just says Staff
time.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Mike Sartor, Public Works Director.
Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council. This particular item, we have
essentially stopped work primarily due to Staff. We don't have Staff on it.
You're correct it was brought up at Policy and Services. I know the Police
Department had some concerns about enforcement. At this point, without
any other explanation, we have just stopped working on this particular item.



                                                                     Page 47 of 107
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcropt: 5/31/16
