                          TRANSCRIPT
great. Having this Committee is great for the City, because it gives people
the opportunity to learn about our community. Anyway, what I'm saying is
when we have a meeting—Jeremy can understand this—we say, "Now we're
going to talk about transportation." That's huge, and there's so many
issues. Where do we begin? We have the existing element we start with;
we have the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) draft that was
done a couple of years ago. What do we talk about? There's 25 of us in a
room. How do we have a conversation with 25 intelligent, interesting people
and come up with something. It's a challenge. I think Staff is doing a great
job. I'm hoping the DEIR will be integrated into our discussions in a very
constructive way. I just want to say a couple of things in response to some
comments I heard tonight. Quality of life as a term is a very slippery one.
What's quality of life for somebody who lives in the dense, more suburban
parts of Palo Alto is different from those who live Downtown and live in a
smaller place and like the excitement of the night life such as it is
Downtown. There are different qualities of life. We need to be flexible and
step outside our own boxes and the way we think. We have to think about
the people who aren't living here yet and what their quality of life would be.
We do need to go beyond that. I wanted to say something to Karen. Arts
and culture, you'll be seeing in the Community Services draft February 1st
we tried to put more emphasis on that. Feel free to add more, but that's
what we worked on. It's going to be a nice draft; I think you'll like it. As to
Cory's comment, is the direction from Council prescriptive or—I'm not sure
yet. I think sometimes the direction from Council has been high level
enough that we've been able to use it.             I think we got some from
transportation, and I felt, "That's high level. I can live with that." It seemed
a little like the cart before the horse. I think our Committee's supposed to
advise this Council, and yet the Council is giving us directions. We have to
make sure that it's still a two-way street until the final draft is set before
you. The other thing—I want to say I do echo Lisa's comments; I agree with
everything you said. The other thing is that when we're struggling with
things like transportation and transit, we're probably going to assume that
money is no object, if we're going to be visionary. I don't know to what
extent we can do that. Since we're a high-level Committee, we're thinking
high level. That's it for now. I'll give somebody else a chance to talk.
Thank you for your time.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Burt, could I just find out why "customer
service" has gone away?

Council Member Berman: The term.

Ms. Packer: We wanted to use just "good service." We're residents; we're
not customers. You're not selling us something, I don't think.
                                                                             Page 60 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
