                         TRANSCRIPT
both sides so that the pedestrians and the children would be safe. We now
have a narrower street and no cross-section indicating the location of those
sidewalks that the City has requested. The Council is being asked to
summarily approve the changes without review by the Planning and
Transportation Commission. The new Amherst Street also has a jog in it.
When it meets up with the Amherst Court, when it has to make a 90-degree
turn, the turning bulb-out has been reduced. There's less room. There also
has not been proper notice provided for the review of this by the Planning
and Transportation Commission. We need the Fire Chief to sign off on this
new plan with the new cul de sacs that are at 90-degree angles, the
narrower roads, the narrower turning radiuses. There's been inadequate
review. DTSC criteria are completely independent of the criteria the City
needs to consider. Thank you very much for your consideration.

Mayor Burt: Arthur Liberman to be followed by John Brookes.

Arthur Liberman: Good evening, Mayor and Council people. What's really
needed for the College Terrace neighbors and the health of the new
residents is clean up, not cover up. I was the environmental committee
chair for the Barron Park Association for a good number of years, and I
learned of the many sites of underground TCE contamination in the Stanford
Research Park. The absence of oversight by Stanford over the years
resulted in the Hillview-Porter Regional Superfund site where hazardous
chemicals reach Matadero Creek, led to the plume of underground
contamination under the Veterans Affairs Hospital (VA), and ultimately into
much of Barron Park. There are a host of other DTSC-mandated clean-up
sites in the Research Park identified by the names of companies who
operated there. Teledyne Singer, Watkins-Johnson, Coherent, Varian, Smith
Kline, Syntex, Teledyne Mec, Aydin Energy and also at least two other
Hewlett Packard sites in addition to the 1601 California Avenue site and the
playing fields underneath the Mayfield playing fields. There is ongoing
remediation of the contamination at those places. There's pumping of
groundwater, injection of oxidizing chemicals and bio agents in an effort to
enhance the cleanup. At the Teledyne Singer sight on Porter Avenue, there
is where contamination has effected nearby properties including the
University Club. Consultants recently did subsurface thermal heating. They
dug eight wells in an area where contamination stubbornly remained high
and lowered electrical heating coils to heat the subsurface to essentially try
to cook the contamination and decompose and break down the volatile
organics.   The consultants at that site are now conducting soil vapor
monitoring and measurements. Indoor air vapor measurements are now
required in one of Varian's buildings along Hanover Street by the DTSC.
Many of these sites had been plating shops. Stanford allowed Varian and
CPI to build a plating shop adjacent to residents in Barron Park. The City
                                                                        Page 27 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
