                          TRANSCRIPT
Thank you for looking at that, this problem, belatedly but looking at it. You
have your work cut out for you. This week and these past two months,
some odd things have happened. There was a woman in San Francisco who
was denied an operation to help her limit her future family. She was
required not to have this operation, a tubal ligation, which she had already
paid for three times. She paid for it by her taxes. She paid for it by her
insurance that she paid. She paid for it in her copayment. While our
government was trying to make more population, our representatives who
are perfectly reasonable representatives—they're centrists to the core—were
saying that we need to improve immigration because we don't have enough
college-trained, STEM-trained people. We have to bring them in from
foreign countries. At the same time, one of the presidential candidates is
saying we have to have universal healthcare and universal college education.
Another candidate, very well qualified, says, "No, we can't have universal
health. It wouldn't work. We can't have free college education." Not going
to work. Try a little harder.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. David Coale to be followed by Doria Summa.

David Coale: Mayor and City Council, thank you very much for considering a
fifth option. I think it's very pertinent in that the first four options were so
close together, and even the sustainability one didn't even change the
numbers very much. In addressing your questions up here, should the
Comp Plan look for a smaller ratio, absolutely, without question. That they
didn't look at that as a guiding thing in the first place is interesting. If we're
really going to meet the numbers and integrate the S/CAP with the
Comprehensive Plan, I think the answer to the second one would be a policy
of achieving 80 percent greenhouse gas reduction by 2030. That would
integrate these two plans. I think it would also speak to what most of the
other speakers have tonight; greater housing in more areas and less jobs to
meet this. With that one goal, I think you will integrate a lot of the
statements here into achieving a Plan that's truly sustainable and more
livable for Palo Altans. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Doria Summa to be followed by Lydia Kou.
Welcome.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor and City Council, Staff. I wanted to
mention that I am on the CAC, but of course I'm not speaking for the CAC
tonight. I want to appreciate the Co-Chair's statements. The scheduling of
this is really hard for Staff and everyone else, because there's kind of
conflicting issues. We want to be pragmatic enough to get things done
efficiently, but we also want to have the right result in the end. I'm really
happy that you're going to be considering another scenario. I hope it will

                                                                           Page 39 of 88
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/22/16
