                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Maybe I could hear from Mr. Berkowitz. Do you need
money above this to maintain it? What is the plan for maintaining the
building?

Mr. Berkowitz: We commissioned a Reserve Study when we moved into the
building, projecting maintenance costs over the 40 years of our lease. That
figure comes out to north of $800,000 over the 40 years. We have the
beginnings of a Building Maintenance Fund. We have been—as you've heard
and as you know, from day one of this project, it was our assumption that
TDR Funds would offset some of our own fundraising, allowing us to beef up
the Building Maintenance Fund. Even with the $300,000, long term our
organization still maintains an obligation or will have an obligation to figure
out where those additional funds will come from. The short answer is if it's
allowable to have those additional funds for maintenance, they will go into
the Maintenance Fund also and ensure the building's maintenance for even
more years.

Mayor Burt: If it's all right, can I just add a comment on that? The City will
continue to own the building and lease it to Environmental Volunteers.
Correct?

Mr. Perez: Correct.

Mayor Burt: Out of this entire project, the City will and the community will
now own an asset of which $3.8 million has been invested. Consequently, I
think it would be perfectly fair for this relatively small amount of potential
surplus funds to go into the maintenance of the historic asset if our present
Ordinance allows it to do so. For that reason, I'd support it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's the Amendment I'd like to make. I'm going to
not accept your Amendment, unless you want to make that your
Amendment.

Council Member DuBois: That's Fine. I'll make that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: He'll make that Amendment, and I'll accept it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part G of the Motion with, “direct Staff
to transfer any excess funds to EV for the maintenance of the building if
allowed by the TDR Ordinance, or if not allowable transfer the funds to a
historic renovation fund.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, you need to speak again?


                                                                            Page 26 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
