                         TRANSCRIPT
return on investment. We talk a lot about reducing single occupancy
vehicles. No one thing in my opinion has longer-term capability than to
address the segment of our working population that's not covered at
Stanford, the Medical Center and the Stanford Research Park. It's a deep
investment, and it's time that you take it out of the premature nursery.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jeff Levinsky, to be followed
by Shani Kleinhaus.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members and Staff. I'm
also here to talk about the TMA. The report includes a business plan
prepared by the TMA organization. It's good that they've done so, but
there's a number of problems with the goals in the plan. I'll talk about
three. Number 1, the report says most Downtown car commuters don't take
the train because it doesn't go where they need or they stop at other places
between home and work or the schedule doesn't work for them and so forth.
Just five percent who drive by themselves say the main reason they don't
take the train is cost. That five percent translates into about 275 workers
Downtown. The plan proposes to subsidize transit passes for a time to
eliminate the price concern. So far so good. Incredibly, the TMA says that
doing this will get 700 to 1,000 workers to switch to the train. It just
doesn't add up.      The goal doesn't match their own survey numbers.
Problem Number 2, the TMA goals don't explicitly include getting long
distance express buses to serve Downtown. The VTA already runs express
buses between the Stanford Research Park and various cities to the south.
These are new, comfortable buses with Wi-Fi and reclining seats. Over 300
people take these buses every day. The fare works out to about $128 a
month, less than what the business plan says it is. Getting the VTA,
SamTrans or private carriers to operate similar buses Downtown should be
an absolute top priority in the TMA business plan, but it's not. Number 3,
another goal missing from the business plan is reducing commercial parking
in Downtown neighborhoods. This room has filled many times with residents
who live nearby seeking relief from commercial parking intrusion. The TMA
folks must know this is a concern. The City already tracks how many
commercial permits are sold as part of the Downtown RPP, so it's an easy
way to evaluate how well the TMA is doing. One wonders why this goal was
left out. We the public, and that includes residents, are the biggest single
funders of the TMA, and yet the TMA's goals aren't aligned with ours. Please
have City Staff work with the TMA to establish more realistic goals for train
ridership, prioritize having long-distance buses serve Downtown, and
evaluate the TMA by how many cars disappear from residential streets and
by how cost effective the TMA is. Thank you very much.

                                                                      Page 51 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
