                          TRANSCRIPT
forward, I'd like to see a mitigated alternative that says we're going to add
housing, but we're going to add housing in the Downtown area where there's
an RPP in place, and we're not going to give any permits to those permits.
Without any permits, they can't have any cars, or we don't expect them to
have more than—because where are they going to park those cars. Are we
going to actually then create problems by doing that because they will park
way out further? We need to think about what are those. I'm hesitant to
tell Staff what that would be. I think we need a quality of life scenario. I
think we have to ask ourselves why do we care about the jobs/housing
imbalance.     The arguments people have made is we have a regional
responsibility. We have an obligation to provide more housing, to do our
regional part. There's some notion that you get people out of their cars by
building housing next to jobs. Yet, we have no data on that. I think there's
arguments that rental housing may do that close to job centers. Instead we
create scenarios that don't show any of that. I actually think we need to
think about what we really want to achieve here. I noticed in these
scenarios people aren't really walking much more; they aren't biking more;
they aren't using transit more. None of that. I think a lot of that is we're
not using Palo Alto-specific data. Our model, therefore, is flawed. I was
disappointed that we weren't using the EV data, frankly, because we have
the highest concentration of EVs, I believe, in a city or close to it. I'd like to
see us do that. I think the other thing we should also look at a little bit—if
you're concerned about the jobs/housing imbalance, you should look at the
SOI, the Sphere of Influence, which is much, much better. Then we should
look at what Stanford's proposing to do. They're proposing to build—I
forget. Is it 15,000 housing units or something like that?

Mayor Burt: No, 3,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sorry, 3,000 housing units. How that would impact it
and what that looks like. The other thing I think we've got to ask ourselves
is ever since I've been on this Council, we have been fighting our ABAG
numbers. We've been writing letters; we've been complaining about it.
Frankly, the way the system is set up is that you get your allocation, and
anything you don't use you can roll over. It's actually an incentive to zone
for it and not use it. That's something that we've all taken advantage of,
frankly. We didn't have a problem doing our Housing Element, because we
didn't build it all the previous time, so we could roll over most of it. We got
our ABAG numbers reduced, because we only put one Priority Development
Area (PDA) in. Sunnyvale, for instance, put in I think five, so they got—I
can't remember the numbers. They got so much more housing than we got.
I sent it all to you at some point. We have to ask are we going to—I think
the first question you should ask yourself is do you want to build more
housing than you have your ABAG numbers. Do you want to actually build
                                                                           Page 48 of 88
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/22/16
