                         TRANSCRIPT
just about our Public Safety Departments but the City as a whole. For
example, our Planning Department might have even more cameras than our
Police and Emergency Services Department. This is not about a false
dichotomy of safety versus privacy. This is about protecting both safety and
privacy. As a quick example, if a city were to collect lots of information
about residents and not carefully safeguard it against either internal abuse
or leaking, then the privacy and the safety of a resident might be
jeopardized. Automatic license plate reader, as one example, can provide
detailed information about a person's movement and habits, which could be
embarrassing if made public. It could be used for blackmail, if obtained by a
hacker. Also dangerous physically if a stalker or other nefarious actor
obtained it. As highlighted in Attachment C, other communities have seen
what happens when surveillance technology is adopted without a good
process. It sows distrust in government. Law enforcement, of course,
depends on a healthy relationship and the trust of the community, as does
every City department. In particular with Public Safety, I think we're
blessed to have outstanding professionals in our Public Safety Departments,
both rank and file and management, who understand this. Attachment B,
the suggestions from the International Association of the Chiefs of Police was
actually provided to us by Police Chief Dennis Burns for consideration and
offers excellent examples of how to think about this complex question. I
want to thank all of the Staff and community members who offered their
thoughts prior to us drafting this Memo, and Staff for providing
improvements which increased the quality of the language of the Memo.
The community really deserves to know that we value their privacy,
especially here in the heart of Silicon Valley, that we recognize the complex
questions raised by recent and rapidly evolving technology. City Staff
deserves to know that the City Council supports their efforts, rather than
trying to guess how Council or the community will feel about something they
do. The buck stops with the Council, and we should be responsible for
authorizing any potentially controversial technology applications by the City.
We could try to respond ad hoc to each new technology as it arises. As the
coauthors of this Memo, we are of the opinion that we should be proactive.
We envision a high-level policy, a standard operating procedure, a checklist
for Staff to follow when considering adopting a new technology. Such a
checklist would call for standard components, which could be flexibly applied
depending on the technology and the need. As a high-level policy, it would
not dictate the outcome of the details of future technology adoption or
deployment in Palo Alto. It would merely establish a clear, consistent and
transparent process by which we would make decisions about technology
deployment. Particularly important are collection of data, retention of data
and dissemination of data. Along with that, analysis of data and Council
authorization. I expect Staff and the Policy and Services Committee will
closely study at least three sources of suggestions. First, the American Civil
                                                                        Page 53 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
