                         TRANSCRIPT
return of investment on a project. The costs alone for both the shared-use
path and pedestrian-only path are just plain old prohibitive. That doesn't
even include the maintenance costs. Do we truly need three under/over 101
crossings in the 1 1/2 miles between Embarcadero and San Antonio? As far
as safety, it's been a major concern for residents. Remember that this creek
is primarily a flood control project, not a creek in the true sense of a
recreational path. Look carefully at the zigzag nature of the paths. What
are we really gaining with this configuration? Between having to switch
sides of the creek and midblock crossings, we are creating more, not fewer,
hazards than exist with current sidewalks and bike paths. The suggestions
to mitigate falling hazards into the creek are, frankly, just not acceptable,
nor is the liability risk to the City. Herbicide spraying and rapid creek rise
during heavy rains are not adequately addressed. Let me say, I've lived
next to this creek for close to 40 years, and so I know what the patterns
there are. The idea of using flashing beacons and midblock crossings in
residential neighborhoods is simply unacceptable. I personally don't want to
see flashing lights every few minutes in my house. In conclusion, since
we're not talking about Loma Verde, both the shared-use path—the costs
are just too high for what you're trying to accomplish here with bike
availability already existing on Colorado and Loma Verde. Frankly, East
Meadow, which is what a lot of the Committee was in favor of, already has
the infrastructure there. It's a wide street; it's got parking separated from
bike paths; it crosses Alma; it will connect with the new bike bridge. That is
the logical east-west connector. All the other east-west streets in Midtown
are very narrow. I ask you please reject all of these options and just do
some—go with East Meadow and do some prettying up on the other east-
west paths. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Davina Brown, to be followed
by Robert Neff.

Davina Brown: I think the alternatives presented are a bad idea. I urge you
to vote no, find some other way of doing it. As far as going under the
tracks, we've already—the City has put ourselves out there and said we want
the train to go in a trench. How deep can you dig? It's ridiculous. If
alternatives are available for commuters to ride their bikes in the dark,
certainly those paths and bikeways are available for people to use in the
day. Those aren't heavily traveled streets; they're safe. My kids rode them;
I ride them. I suggest you use the money elsewhere. Thank you very
much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Robert Neff to be followed by Evelyn Guernsey.

                                                                       Page 38 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
