                          TRANSCRIPT
we're presenting the data that we're presenting, so that we can get some
feedback. We realize we may not have hit everything correctly, but feel free
to give us some course correction and point us in the right direction. We're
happy to hear the comments that you have. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Colleagues, are there questions of Staff?      Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Just one real quick question. Are you looking for
a Motion from Council or is this closer to a Study Session, where you're just
looking for a general sense of where the Council is leaning (crosstalk)?

Mayor Burt: Let me just say we have it right in our title. It's discussion and
direction.

Council Member Wolbach: I saw that, and that's why I'm asking. It was not
listed as a Study Session. I just wanted to get very explicit clarification
about that.

Mayor Burt: We can have direction in Motions. That includes that potential
of actually having Motions. It would be a majority direction of the Council.
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I was wondering if we have any recent examples
from other cities of things they're doing to protect ground-floor retail.

Ms. Eisberg: Two things. One, I'm seeing more incentives for retail. I think
a lot of communities want to establish ground-floor retail in a lot of different
places. It is really challenging. The ones that seem successful are where it
is a little bit more narrow around the most appropriate places, because it's
hard to drive the market like that. It tends to be more development
standards and incentives as opposed to ...

Council Member DuBois: Have you seen other cities where the pressure to
convert to office is so high?

Ms. Eisberg: I think most of that you're seeing is right here in this
community and communities adjacent to you.

Council Member DuBois: I was curious about the changes on University.
Where did those ideas come from, kind of a need to change any of the uses
on University? As retail is changing, why not allow commercial recreation?
We have the barbershop on University.

Ms. Eisberg: Some of this came from the discussion on October 22nd. I
think there was many different opinions about whether those types of uses
                                                                        Page 51 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
