                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: We have a new fee, the last one. It says special events
fee, which never existed before. It's not just that; that’s a clear one. My
broad concern is—we actually give neighborhood grants to have block
parties and stuff like that. I just don't want us to be—because we're so
focused on having this cost recovery, it's fine if you're doing a remodel. Are
we damaging our ability to have block parties? Are we taking the fun out of
Palo Alto?

Mr. Keene: Are we adding new fees to situations that we haven't done
before? Forget the pricing.

Mr. Pirnejad: Not that I'm aware of. These are all amendments to fees that
are already in place.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There was no special events fee before.

Mayor Burt: That's new.

Mr. Pirnejad: The special events fee was …

Mayor Burt: It says new.

Mr. Pirnejad: I'm sorry. Now I just see that.

Mayor Burt: There's others that say new. Look above it.

Mr. Pirnejad: There's deleted. We consolidated some, and we added others.
Maybe I can have Dan and George come up for a minute and see if we can
address some of these. Our intent was to learn—the last time we did a fee
study was in excess of 10 years ago. A lot has changed since then. Many
Code cycles have changed since then. New requirements have come on line.
Our intent is not to stop block parties. Our intent, for example, if there is a
tent going up, to make sure that that tent doesn't collapse on people. That's
the intent.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I realize that's not your intent. Now there's a food
truck fee in here too, that Council Member DuBois just mentioned to me. I
like having food trucks at these things. I don't think I can support this
unless we have a clear sense of—you come back to us and say these are the
ramifications of doing that. I don't want to be that person up here that I
don't pay attention to what happens here. Now people are not having block
parties. Take Halloween, is that a special events fee now that we close off
those blocks in Old Palo Alto, which is a great community activity?



                                                                         Page 86 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
