                          TRANSCRIPT
house directly next to it on the right. This is a view from Lytton Avenue.
You can see the historic, one-story house on the left and the other one-story
house on the right. This is a view south of it. This is the 411 Lytton
building. You can see it's a one-story structure. This is a view north of the
proposed building. These are all one-story businesses. This is a view from
437 Lytton, looking across Lytton Street onto the 7/11, all one story and a
parking lot. I'm not going to get into these Codes. They're in my appeal
letter. Lastly I'd like to address the loading zone on 18.52.040. It doesn't
have one, and they propose to take two public parking spaces to use for
private use, which I disagree with. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now hear from members of the public.
Each speaker has up to three minutes to speak. If anyone else wishes to
submit a card, they need to do so at this time. Otherwise, we will be cutting
off additional speaker cards. I have seven speakers. Our first speaker is
Jeff Levinsky, to be followed by Doria Summa. Welcome.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members and Staff. Doria
and I are going to talk about the loading area issue. The first question we
put before you is, is a loading space required. The Staff says actually no.
This is from the Staff Report from Page 8. It says that Table 1 in the Code
indicates how many off-street loading spaces are required and that it falls
under other uses because it's a mixed-use project, so there's no actual
direct requirement. We think this is incorrect for a couple of reasons. First
of all, it's not Table 1; it's Table 3. More importantly, the Code actually does
specifically say what the requirements are for mixed use. This is the other
uses thing that they mention in the Code. In Table 3, they say all uses not
specifically listed, but what the Code does is actually explain how to handle
the mixed-use situation. It's 18.52.040. It relates to loading. If you go
down to three there on the bottom, it says where uses or activities subject
to differing requirements are located in the same structure, the total
requirement shall be the sum of the requirements for each use or activity
computed separately. In other words, you add them up. There's some
exceptions, and I'll just mention these just for completeness. All the
exceptions are for parking, not for loading. The Code goes on and again
addresses mixed uses. It says where residential use is conducted together
with or accessory to other permitted uses, applicable residential
requirements shall apply in addition to other non-residential requirements.
There's a few exceptions. Again, they relate to parking. The Code does
require a loading area. We ask that you look into this and say why in the
Staff Report does it not mention these specific Codes that require a loading
area for the mixed-use case. Here's the most curious thing. This very same
Code that I've shown you is what is used for handling parking in mixed-use
buildings. In other words, when the Staff goes and figures out the parking
                                                                          Page 39 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
