                          TRANSCRIPT
you might discuss. For example, what local planning should we be doing
now as we're doing the Comprehensive Plan? Should we look at zoning
restrictions, new building floor height requirements? What kind of risks are
we willing to tolerate? What are acceptable costs? What critical assets need
to be protected? Should we always consider both protecting and adapting or
is that too expensive? Should we only protect for the lifespan of facilities or
longer? Current protection efforts going on are the South Bay shoreline
study that the Army Corps is leading. While this is the whole shoreline study
area, the current focus is on Alviso in San Jose. In Palo Alto, we have the
SAFER project; that stands for Strategy to Advance Flood Protection,
Ecosystems and Recreation, so all three, flooding, ecosystems and
recreation. It is jointly funded through a grant from the Department of
Water Resources and financial contributions from the three cities. It's a
feasibility study to identify the preferred alternative for improving our
existing Bay-front levees, which are not FEMA certified to 100-year flood
protection including sea level rise for the next five decades. This map shows
the draft alignments. The area in pink along San Francisquito Creek is the
currently ongoing project, the creek project. The other lines are various
options for protecting Palo Alto from Bayside flooding. There are several
opportunities identified for using ecotone or horizontal levees, especially if
we do something like the yellow and the orange line (inaudible) some room.
The challenge with the horizontal levee that is technically considered Bay fill,
so it's not easy to get permitted. The San Francisco Estuary Institute is a
science organization that assists policymakers with information needed to
make decisions. Back in the '90s, they provided a roadmap for wetland
restoration that they have now updated, the Baylands Goals report. They
see Baylands as the real future, so that we can still see the Bay and enjoy
the Bay with recreation and use tidal marshes to protect ourselves from the
rising sea, especially if we can restore them quickly so that they can help
grow—that we protect land so they can migrate land where it ends and that
we can also restore complete systems where creeks connect to the wetlands
and help create a full habitat.

Mr. Bobel: Thanks, Kirsten. I'm just going to go over the next steps that
we're suggesting. Some of them are ones that you're going to deal with
regardless of desire and others are choices. The first one is the SAFER
project, the tidal flooding part of the Joint Powers Authority (JPA) work that
you're familiar with and that Kirsten showed some options for on the map.
We think that the feasibility study on that is still a couple of months away
from being given to you, but that is one of the nearer-term things that's
going to come your way, this series of options that Kirsten showed. It'll be
called the feasibility study for the SAFER project. We know that the height
assumption is going to be three feet, so this is an example of planning ahead
but not building for the highest planning level, that 55 inches that Kirsten
                                                                          Page 5 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
