                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: For what it's worth, I really don't want to dive into
the weeds on each sign. To me, it didn't make sense—this is kind of part of
the last point. It didn't make sense to have a "P" and then a ton of space
and then the lot letter. To me, it seemed to make sense to have that closer
together. That's as far as I'm going to go in commenting aesthetically on
these signs. I think those were my main questions. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: We're still on questions, right?

Mayor Burt: We've had questions and comments, so go ahead and feel free
to...

Council Member Wolbach: There are just a couple of areas that I'd like to
touch that I don't think have been touched on as much. First, actually on
the color scheme, one possibility I was thinking about was thinking about
the color scheme for our parking wayfinding in the context of signage for
wayfinding throughout the Downtown area, whether it is superior to have
everything, even all of our City facility wayfinding, be the same color or to
designate parking differently, to have the parking be blue while other City
facilities such as City Hall, library, parks, historic resources, future history
museum, etc., and wayfinding to those would be marked in green. That's
why I've actually come around and I'm leaning towards supporting the blue
over the green. As much as I was initially also in favor of the green, I think
that this kind of subdued, subtle blue is a good shade; it's aesthetically
pleasing. That's obviously very subjective, but I like the shade. It might
help people identify the parking, have that stand out which aids in the
primary goal which is helping people get where they need to go with their
parking as quickly as possible to reduce frustration, circling, congestion, etc.
That's why I'm leaning towards supporting the blue. Obviously, I've heard
the arguments on both sides and appreciate those. Actually there's one
detail I noticed on the—I can't remember what you call these. The pedestal
signs, that have a lot of text on them including detailed directions. I noticed
a couple of things that I wanted to ask about. I don't know how set we are
on this. It says no overnight parking, and it also says no trespassing 11:00
P.M. to 7:00 A.M. I wanted to ask why those are stipulated. A number of
our businesses are in operation past 11:00 P.M., and City Hall and City
Council are as often in operation past 11:00 P.M. To tell people they can't
go into a parking lot at the close of business of City Council or a restaurant
or a bar in Downtown seems it like it might not make sense. Also as far as
no overnight parking, I think we want to encourage people to frequent
businesses in Downtown, a number of which have liquor licenses.                If
somebody does drive Downtown, has a couple of drinks, and then decides

                                                                          Page 59 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
