                         TRANSCRIPT
on the ground floor of the building unless such offices ... Then, it talks
about preexisting, blah, blah.    When you go to C-1, it defines the
Emerson/Homer corridor. It says Homer/Emerson corridor means all sites
bordering Homer Avenue between Alma and Ramona Street and/or Emerson
Street between Forest and Channing.

Mr. Lait: I've got that right here. We have these two documents. Thank
you, Council Member. I believe there is more knowledge on the Council on
some of these issues related to SOFA II, and we are still getting up to speed
on some of those areas. SOFA II does have its own—this is its own set of
regulations that applies, as you well know.

Council Member Holman: Yes, it is.

Mr. Lait: It's not in the Zoning Code specifically. We have the requirements
for the ground-floor protection in the Zoning Code. That is depicted on the
Zoning Map. I think it would be helpful or useful to extend that boundary
also, so that we have it on the map, to reflect the language in SOFA II. We
see the uses that are permissive in that area. That would also be inclusive
of other personal service-type related uses too, I believe. I'd have to take a
look at it.

Council Member Holman: You're scaring me a little bit. When you do a
coordinated area plan, what's determined is zoning. I guess I'm just not
understanding why ...

Mr. Lait: Sure. I apologize if I'm scaring you. I don't mean to do that.
There's two documents that we're looking at. One is the coordinated area
plan.   We also have the Zoning Map too, which is excerpted in the
documents that we have before you. Those two items do work together.
We always try to create an opportunity where things are working together.
If the SOFA II guidelines are written in such a way that they are
synonymous with the ground-floor protection requirements of the Code, it
would seem worthwhile to have that depicted on the map, which right now it
is not.

Council Member Holman: It's not a question, so I'll talk about that later.
I'm not sure we're on the same page with that. The Staff Report mentions
lobby, but it doesn't talk about lobby size. Lobbies are allowed on the
ground floor in the Downtown area, but there are some very large lobbies.
Did Staff look at limiting the lobby size?

Mr. Lait: At this stage, no, we haven't. We're again trying to get some
preliminary guidance from the Council based on the dialog that we've heard.

                                                                       Page 56 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
