                          TRANSCRIPT
There's been a lot of debate about the applicability of Prop 26 to the NEM
successor plan and folks from the solar industry asserting that it doesn't
apply to NEM successor plans. I don't know if the City Attorney can give
some high-level thoughts on whether or not it does.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Sure. Thank you, Council Member Berman.
City Attorney Molly Stump. Proposition 26 was adopted by the voters in
2010 and went into effect in 2011. It grandfathered existing rate structures,
but when new rates were imposed or rates were increased, then its
requirements would come to bear. That happened for the Palo Alto electric
utility just this summer, I think. That's when we were really looking very
closely then at complying with those requirements, which boiled down
essentially say that the rates charged to customers need to be supported by
the cost of providing services to those customers. That's a paraphrase, and
the law is more complicated than that. To comply with that, we—the electric
utility and the gas and the water utility as well under a parallel law—work
really closely with cost of service consultants to carefully document all of the
components of cost of serving groups of customers and try to very closely
align the rate structure to those costs of service. That's what we're looking
at here. These issues become very present for a utility at the point when
the State mandate concludes. When we reach that five percent threshold,
then we no longer have a State mandate for the incentive program. We're
able to continue with the program, but we need to do that in compliance
with all of the relevant rules and laws. Chief among those for us is Prop 26.
We're looking very closely at that, and we're able to get the cost of service
consultant support around the proposal that's before the Council tonight.
That's the one that we do feel comfortable with.

Mayor Burt:     Council Member Schmid, you have a follow-up question?
Briefly.

Council Member Schmid: Yes, for the City Attorney. Actually on the next
page of that UAC meeting, Deputy Senior Assistant City Attorney Jessica
Mullen said that rates are cost-justified such as the NEM. When someone
asked about the CLEAN price, they said any rate that was changed would
need to comply with the cost-based requirement of Prop 26.               My
understanding from the presentation is this is the analysis of the real cost
that is justified under Prop 26. The CLEAN price of 16.5 is not. If anyone
requests to get into the CLEAN, they would have to have an economic
assessment like this, wouldn't they?

Ms. Stump: You may recall that the subject of the rates that are paid under
the CLEAN program has been before the Council quite a number of times
and before Council Committees as well. We have worked very carefully to

                                                                        Page 24 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
