                          TRANSCRIPT
there should be some maximum annual limit. I don't think that you should
be able to roll over four bad years and that fifth year build 250,000 square
feet. That creates the glut that creates the traffic impacts and really angers
our community. I do think the Stanford Research Park is very different, and
the potential that exists for reducing trip generation in the Stanford
Research Park is different enough that it warrants a separate consideration
than the rest of the City. I'm intrigued by the idea of housing in the
Stanford Research Park and at Stanford Shopping Center, if there's potential
for that. I don't think hotels are bad. I don't know if they're as good as Vice
Mayor Scharff does, but I don't think they're bad and don't think they should
be considered against the office cap. That's it for the annual. I'm okay with
using the 1.7 million baseline for the total cap and don't remember which
other specific questions I was supposed to answer in regards to those. I'll
stick with that. There could be an idea of rolling over the annual cap
Citywide also with again some sort of max cap so that we don't get massive
growth in one year. That's something that a future Council could consider.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually just a real quick follow-up. It tends to
pick up right where Council Member Berman left off. I'm really actually not
sure about the question I'm about to pose. I don't know how much we've
talked about it. I would just encourage my colleagues and the community
and the CAC to think about it. This is the question of whether it really is
better to—if you know that over a certain number of years, whether it's a
five year period or over a 14-year period, you're going to have X amount of
development, is it better to break it up a little bit each year and have the
annoyance over a long period of time? Long-term annoyance of having
some development, some obstruction of traffic, some cranes in the sky or
whatever it is or is it better to frontload it at the front of that period and
have a really painful couple of years where you see a lot of development and
it creates huge impacts but at least it's over in a couple of years? I'll be
honest. I don't know where I come down on that. I just would like to see
us have a discussion about that at some point. I'm open to where we go
with that.

Mayor Burt: Let's see. A few comments. First, for Stanford Research Park,
when we debated whether to include the Research Park in the initial cap,
there were arguments on both sides. One, it doesn't have the impacts on
parking or some of the architectural issues that we care about in our areas
where we live. It also is an area that doesn't intrinsically have advantages
of being adjacent to transit and walkable services. That really means that
we need to embrace a program where the trip controls are crucial. Frankly,
their transportation management association is going very strong, far ahead
                                                                       Page 77 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
