                          TRANSCRIPT
than to help it. What it's going to do over time is get the developers who
really want to make a ton of money building multifamily units all over single-
family areas. One of the things you might want to do is talk to the people in
Atherton. As I understand it, it would apply to cities statewide. Is Atherton
going to want to have apartment blocks on their property next to the single-
family lots which are half an acre to an acre? I don't think so. This is a
really bad proposal. It's not well thought out, and it will destroy the viability
of any place where this is allowed to be developed. I would strongly urge
opposing it and making it clear to the Governor and the Legislature that this
is not something that's very viable or very desirable.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by
our final speaker, Shani Kleinhaus.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members, I believe that you should
send the original letter that was distributed with your Agenda packet
material. That letter opposes the Governor's proposal and says it opposes
the proposal because such fundamental policy changes should not be rushed
through but merit extensive review.             The response time provided
undermines the principles of transparency and public engagement. That
letter goes on to say that the public who are affected by such projects and
such as proposed have a right to have their concerns considered. Such
public review and discussion oppose the accountability of elected officials
and ensures a fair process for all proposals. Now, we have arriving tonight a
change in what should be done and essentially providing a way under certain
circumstances to support the Governor's proposal. It seems almost a
parody of what the proposal itself is. Here we have something arriving at
the last minute with even less opportunity for the public to consider than the
letter that you had in your packet. The Agenda Item was scheduled for
about two hours from now. Instead, it's being held earlier. Those who
would have had an opportunity to have reviewed your original letter and
were expecting it to come up for discussion and approval two hours from
now are not aware that you're discussing something entirely different. In
the interest of following the principles of transparency, extensive review that
have been discussed in your previous letter, which are appropriate for a
proposal of this magnitude and scope, I think this is going in just the
opposite direction to attempt to craft something tonight to try and do
something that you might be able to express approval for when you don't
even know what the changes are going to be that might come about during
the legislative process, which happens very quickly during the budget review
time. I think the best thing to do and to be consistent with those fine
statements that are in the original letter is to approve the original letter and
not attempt to make changes on the fly tonight in advance of the time you

                                                                             Page 36 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
