                           TRANSCRIPT
for services alongside these negotiations. We have an interest in a new
facility. We have an interest in potentially expanded services. As we
continue our conversations with Pets in Need around these three elements,
our aim and our target is to stay underneath that three year average cost.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. One other question I had on this. I guess this
is supposed to be the Motion, direct Staff to proceed with exclusive
negotiations with Pets in Need, etc. Are what you're really saying is that you
want us to agree that you move in negotiations based on this term sheet?
That's what we'd assume. Is that what we're approving, what's in this term
sheet, and that's what you'd move forward on?

Mr. Alaee: Correct.      The term sheet would set the parameters for the
negotiations.

Mr. Keene: Can I just add—let me just interrupt. The term sheet—this is
really just in the spirit of reporting to the Council the results of an RFP
process that clearly indicated only one really competitive vendor and service
provider. While this is representative, this is like any negotiation. We're not
going to be completely bound by these parameters also. If Pets in Need
presents an alternative or some pricing or whatever it is that we haven't
quite heard and it's in the City's interests, we'd certainly be bringing those
back to the Council.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's why the Motion shouldn't refer to the term sheet.
I was going to ask has Pets in Need agreed to this term sheet already? Is it
a framework for negotiations or not?

Mr. Mollica: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to understand the no-kill concept just a
little bit, the way it works. If I'm getting it wrong—animals are brought into
the shelter. The basic concept in the Staff Report was they would stay up to
30 days. Palo Alto would pay a per animal fee up to that point. After 30
days, Pets in Need would be responsible for that with the notion they would
be able to find homes for these animals. I guess I wanted to know what
happens to the animal. I'm assuming not every animal can be found a
home, but maybe it can. I was curious in Redwood City how this works.
Maybe someone could address that.

Mr. Alaee: I'll defer that to Al.

Mr. Mollica: Our definition of no-kill is we will not euthanize an animal
unless it's suffering. Euthanasia means ending suffering. We probably
euthanize four animals per year. As Frank mentioned, we've had animals at
                                                                       Page 43 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
