                          TRANSCRIPT
in the Downtown RPP District with no permit for up to two hours. As an
employee, I'm limited to whatever zone I purchase a permit in. As a
resident, I would be able to park anywhere within the Downtown zone. As I
mentioned, the zones include the north and south faces and actually the east
and west faces of the streets where possible. That's for clarity for drivers
and also for enforcement and to avoid crowding on the faces of the
boundaries that are closest to Downtown. Again, the resident permits are
valid anywhere within the Downtown RPP District.             At the December
meeting, Council directed Staff to move forward with an annual permit cap
for employees of 2,000 annual permits total. Obviously those permits need
to be divided among the zones. Given that the zones are of differing sizes,
doing a strict division of the permits was not the most equitable way to
move forward. What we looked at doing was having more of an equitable
distribution based on occupancy rate. That is looking at all of the available
parking spaces in any given zone and having the percentage of those spaces
that would be sold as employee permits roughly the same from zone to
zone. We were able to get about 30 to 40 percent of parking spaces
available equal to the number of employee permits per zone. Looking at the
zone map, on this graphic we've put in the number of permits that we're
recommending to be sold per zone, keeping in mind that that's the number
of permits that are sold. That's not necessarily the number of employees
that are parking in that zone on any given day at any given time. Just for
an example of that, in the Downtown garages, we oversell the number of
permits. The number of permitted spaces could be 200, and we would sell
300, 350 permits. There are still permit spaces available even though the
permits have been oversold. That's an effect of people not driving to work
every day or not working every day. It's based on data collection in the
Downtown RPP District and also our experience with the permit parking in
Downtown. We know that people who have permits are not parking every
single day. Just a point of clarification on that, that the number of permits
allocated to each zone is not necessarily the number of employees that
would be parking there on any given day. Looking at Zones 9 and 10,
because those contain a few streets that have requested to be annexed in
but are primarily made up of eligibility areas, that would not be a part of the
Downtown RPP District right away. We have recommended to distribute a
small percentage of permits because there's a small percentage of street
face that would be available on those annexed streets. There's a smaller
number, and then there's a larger number. The smaller number would be
the permits that would be made available to employees right away based on
the percentage of spaces from the annexed streets. The larger number
would be the basically maximum, built-out, if every street opted in number
of permits that would be distributed. Again, this equals out to a total of
2,000 long-term permits at full build-out, if you will, of the RPP District and
every street that would be eligible opting in.           Staff had brought a
                                                                        Page 81 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
