                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements.
Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Same urging, for people to sign up for bocce ball
which is on Wednesday, April 20th. The following night, when some people
thought it was, is an Acterra event. I think that on that Friday night there is
a holiday. Am I correct? I'm pretty sure on the 22nd. If you're hesitant at
all, as you know, it's in Los Gatos. It's lots of fun, for a good cause, us. It
cannot be advertised through the City Clerk or otherwise. It has to be done
of our own volition. Just so you know, I will keep on reminding you about it
as I head up the Peninsula Division of the California League of Cities. Also,
we met last week and had an interesting presentation on High Speed Rail. I
know some of the rest of you were otherwise occupied, but it was
interesting. I would only say we should have had a "no" side as well as a
"yes" side. That's my report.

Mayor Burt: I'll just briefly say that at the same time that the Peninsula
League of Cities was having a presentation by the High Speed Rail Authority,
the Local Policymaker Group to Caltrain, on which I serve, was having a
similar presentation on the Business Plan. It didn't go quite as well for the
Rail Authority there. There were really—surprising, there were a number of
assertions by the Chairman of the High Speed Rail Authority that were
tenuous at best. We had quite a bit of dialog on that. We're looking really
on what we need to do as a City and as a collaboration of cities to help
assure that the Business Plan addresses the impacts that the potential High
Speed Rail system on the Peninsula could have on the need for grade
separations as well as whether the entire set of analysis of alternatives will
be done in a proper way. We've been advocating for the re-adoption of
context sensitive solutions which was what was committed to this sector
back in 2010 and went by the wayside when the four-track system went by
the wayside. I and others have been pushing hard to have that re-adopted
as the process going forward. We can't discuss it tonight, but I did want to
give you that update.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 9:53 P.M.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights, so the meeting is adjourned. Thank you.




                                                                         Page 72 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
