                          TRANSCRIPT
Updating this northwest County Groundwater Study that also goes hand-in-
hand with all the work we've been doing and discussions on whether or not
there is linkage between the shallow aquifer and the deep aquifer and
dewatering projects. We're trying to answer some of those questions, but
not all of them. This is really focused on indirect potable reuse for recycled
water. Obviously pulling all of that information together and keeping our
public informed as we're moving forward on this. The most important thing
is can we fund this. Is there Proposition (Prop.) One funding available? Is
there Federal funding available? (inaudible) that'll all be part of that. It's a
very large Strategic Plan. This is also the Mountain View and Sunnyvale
recycled water distribution expansion, just so you know that's also part of
this Recycled Water Strategic Plan. As you know, Mountain View is one of
our partner agencies. Do you want to take these, Phil?

Mr. Bobel: In the interest of time, let me just say that we've got some
visuals here for what our neighbors are thinking about and proposing. In
the interest of time and because it may not be something you want to focus
on tonight, let us just say that discussions are underway with our neighbors
to the south and to the north about ways to connect the systems. If there's
questions about that, we can come back and show this series of maps that
we have that'll make that clear. Not knowing what your appetite is to hear
about that, I think—what is the next slide?

Ms. North: its more maps.

Mr. Bobel: More maps of Sunnyvale.

Council Member DuBois: Could you just clarify what Sunnyvale is doing?
They're actually going to potable reuse, which is part of the driver for ...

Ms. North: Sunnyvale is currently going through a major rehabilitation of
their Wastewater Treatment Plant. Their ultimate goal is to have everything
go to indirect potable reuse. I'm just going to flip to this slide. You can see
Sunnyvale's existing purple pipeline system. They are looking for us to
potentially feed that purple pipeline system because all of their water—if you
see this other line going down here towards the Sunnyvale indirect potable
use and the Apple campus, they're hoping their entire flow will go to indirect
potable reuse. They're around 13 million gallons per day (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: When you say indirect portable reuse, you just mean
purifying it to reuse it, tap to toilet.

Ms. North: Purified water to be re-injected into the groundwater to then be
pulled out to be used for drinking water.

                                                                         Page 59 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
