                         TRANSCRIPT
handled over the course of the year. I'd be fine with deferring that in that way
or something like that.

Mayor Burt: Can I jump in there? I would be open to doing some work, but I
think it needs to come back to the Council for them to decide. I wouldn't be
comfortable with that being on Consent. I do think it could make our next
Committee as a Whole or whatever much more productive if that groundwork
was done.

Council Member Kniss: Pat or whomever else?

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Council Member Kniss: Whomever is in line, I'll ...

Mayor Burt: Go ahead, Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: It's an interesting idea, Cory. It probably puts a lot of
burden on the Mayor and the Vice Mayor. In addition to that, what I think is
that as is done many places, more work can be done in committees than we're
currently doing. I think what happens currently is it's done in the committees.
It then comes to the Council where it's completely thrashed out again without a
lot of credence paid to what the committee did. Frequently in government
bodies, the committee does the bulk of the work. It comes to the Council. I
would presume at that point those who are on the committee say far less and
those who are not say more. That's a process I'd like to see us get into. It
doesn't seem to be one that we've done lately, but I'd be interested in Jim's
comments back on that. I know you've suggested shorter committee meetings.
That might mean that those committee meetings go three hours instead of two.
Do you want to make any comments on that as far as committees? You've got
to staff them.

Mr. Keene: I think you raise an interesting question. From my perspective, I
would think my colleagues would agree with me that for the most part with the
Standing Committees, with the exception of the Budget, the Council doesn't
really delegate a whole lot to the committee that isn't then subject to a lot of
review by the Council when it comes back. I think that is an accurate
observation. There are other governing bodies when it does go to committee,
the committee is more empowered. Clearly it has to come back for oversight to
the Council, but there is a tendency to redo it. If there were more discipline at
the Council when it delegated something to a committee that was more
receptive of the committee's work, then it would seem that that could warrant
longer committee meetings. To be honest with you, I just sort of imposed the
two-hour thing knowing that it was going to get redone at the Council again.
To be honest with you, it's like let's not spend too much at the committee. If
                                                                         Page 70 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
