                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman:         Just very briefly.  We talked earlier about
neighborhood events and how the City supports those in a number of ways.
In our neighborhood Town Halls, we support neighborhoods in that way.
This is another way that we can support not only the Barron Park
neighborhood but the larger community of Palo Alto. The donkeys are a
decades-long tradition that have been a part of the larger community and
especially the Barron Park neighborhood. I really appreciate colleagues'
consideration of this and look forward to your comments.

Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead and go to members of the public. At this hour,
we'll have up to 2 minutes to speak for each person. If anyone else wishes
to speak, they need to bring a card forward now. Our first speaker is Jenny
Kiralti [sic], to be followed by Gary Breitbard.

Jenny Kiratli: I'm Jenny Kiratli. I'm a Palo Alto resident and a donkey
handler. I think, especially at this hour, pictures are worth a lot of words.
I'd like to take the opportunity to introduce you to our donkeys. Many of
you know Perry. For those of you who might not know our donkeys, Perry
and Niner have lived there for 20 years. Niner, who's formal name is Miner
49er, died a few months ago. We had a large memorial service for him,
attended by over 100 residents despite the possibility of rain. We now have
a new donkey, Jenny. I've started to be called "the other Jenny." This is
Jenny as she was beginning to settle in. I also want to pay tribute to the
very special and dedicated community of donkey handlers, all volunteers,
who spend hundreds of hours every year caring for these wonderful animals.
They are a caring part of our community, bringing people together. There
are about 16 of us. I wanted to mention Doug Moran, who will speak after,
also welcomes people to the gate on Sunday evenings. You're all welcome
to join us. They're settling in nicely, getting to know each other in not even
quite one month that Jenny's been with us. We also have a brief video so
you can experience their first meeting. [Video shown.] This is Perry settling
in after being away for two months. We don't completely understand why
he does this, but he's been doing it a lot. That's Jenny. An example of the
dozens and dozens and dozens of pictures that we get every year. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Gary Breitbard to be followed by Doug Moran.

Gary Breitbard: Those are very nice pictures. This is kind of a surprise. I
was invited—I thought we were going to close the whole thing. That's okay.
We'll do it now.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead. Whenever works.


                                                                       Page 107 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
