                         TRANSCRIPT
an accelerated path.       Palo Alto has been the site of unprecedented
technology development. Some of those early industries involved in the
advances did not demonstrate an adequate policy on toxic contamination in
their quest for a better future. Developers are attracted to Palo Alto in
Silicon Valley.     If they select the site that has a history of toxic
contamination, then they have to balance profit versus adequate margins of
safety from toxic materials for future occupants of the industrial and
residential structures they build. Over the decades, biomedical research has
learned more and more about the effects of toxic materials on humans and
our surrounding environment. The risk assessments and the acceptable
exposure levels get lower and lower. The City of Palo Alto has had two
recent examples of developers desiring to construct on contaminated soil
with an incomplete understanding of the risk level of contamination beneath
the soon-to-be demolished structures. The Hewlett-_Packard (HP) building
up at 1601 California Avenue and the old Beckman Facebook site at 1050
Page Mill Road. It is time for the Council to assert another leadership role
and require that, one, developers must research or find a way to measure
toxic contamination between old buildings before any demolition or
construction is started. Two, the City adopt the most stringent assessment
standards that any one of a number of agencies, the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA), the Department of Toxic Substances Control
(DTSC), the Water Board, etc., may have proposed even if they have not
been formally agreed upon. Three, the City withhold permission to proceed
with any construction project until proper remediation operations have been
satisfactorily completed. Let us start now to create that label 10 or 20 years
henceforth for the City with the lowest carbon footprint and the lowest
contaminated soil beneath it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Fred Balin, to be followed by
our final speaker, Amy Christel.

Fred Balin: Thanks, Ed. hazmat timeline. 2005, Mayfield Development
Agreement approval, soccer fields now, homes later. Upper Cal. Ave. slated
for Stanford junior faculty on three parcels. Phase One hazmat assessments
required and submitted to DTSC for the lower two parcels but not for the
largest, 1601. Move ahead eight years to 2013. The lower two parcels are
vacant. Soil samples are taken both in and outside their buildings. Phase
Two studies are completed. DTSC requires no further action, but highlights
a groundwater sample near 1601 that exceeds screening levels and
indicating it stems from an up-gradient offsite source, 1601. 1601 remains
occupied, but samples are taken outside the building and show high TCE
levels near the adjacent lower parcel. Neither that information nor any 1601
site assessment is provided when the project comes back to the public in
2014 for architectural review and a subdivision map. Upon approval, the
                                                                          Page 5 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
