                          TRANSCRIPT
Priority. It's an opportunity to look at and manage the pace of growth in a
meaningful way, look at these tradeoffs between jobs and housing, and take
some affirmative policy actions to try and address this business as usual
future that will happen to us if we do nothing. The Plan is still being
developed as you know, but the Draft EIR advances the conversation by
posing a number of scenarios, three additional scenarios in addition to
business as usual. Scenario Two and Three include policies and programs
that would slow job growth projected by ABAG. Scenarios Three and Four
include policies and programs that would address or somewhat increase the
housing that's developed. It's a range; although, all of them, Scenarios Two
through Four, would basically perpetuate the ratio of today in terms of the
jobs/housing balance. We'd stay around 3.0, 3.4, 3.6, something like that.
As shown in the Staff Report, if you look at a hybrid between the scenario
with the lowest job growth and the scenario with the highest housing
development, you start to move the needle a little. Instead of being 3.3,
3.4, it would be more like a ratio of 2.88. One of the questions we have for
the Council this evening is if you had to select a goal for the Comprehensive
Plan, what would it be. Would it be something like just doing better than
we're doing now? Would it be something like 2.88 or would it be even better
than that? Equally as important, once you identify that goal that you would
like to aspire to, what are the policy levers or programs that you'd like to
include in the Comprehensive Plan Update to address that goal? This chart—
this is repeated from the Staff Report that you received—shows some of the
potential policy levers that were included in Scenarios Two, Three and Four
in the Draft EIR. The policies fall into two categories. One category or
policy is to slow the rate of job growth. The other category or policy is to
encourage new housing. As the Staff Report explains, if you're going to
affect the jobs/housing balance in a meaningful way, you have to do one of
these two things or both of them. I'm just going to take a minute to walk
down this list; I think it's pretty self-explanatory. On the policies or program
levers that would potentially affect the rate of job growth, we assumed an
annual limit on new Office/R&D development in two of the scenarios,
Scenarios Two and Three. We assumed there would be some modest
reduction in commercial Floor Area Ratio (FAR) in one of the zoning districts
in town, the CC(2) which is near Cal. Ave. We assumed that could make
some possible adjustments to remove commercial FAR and swap it out for
residential FAR. Not a lot, but some modest adjustments in Downtown. We
also assumed that we would put in place some kind of regulation. We
suggested maybe a use permit that would allow us for the time to regulate
new Office/R&D employment densities going forward. I know we're going to
have some further questions about that. Happy to go into that in more
detail in a minute. On the housing side, all of these scenarios assume we'll
be implementing diligently our adopted Housing Element. Some of them
also include creation and adoption of policies to encourage more smaller
                                                                          Page 12 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
