                         TRANSCRIPT
ask for the money." They're supposed to be having discussions. The last we
had heard was maybe the first quarter of next year they would start talking
about what the process could look like. This would be a competitive process,
we're quite certain.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I have. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. Just briefly. Actually I think a member of
the public sent this in, sort of a comparison of bridge widths. I wanted to
ask about the 16 feet versus 12. There are comparisons of bridge widths for
other bike bridges around the Bay Area.         The sense, from what this
gentleman sent in, is they're mostly 8-10 feet with a couple of 12-foot ones.
Are there any 16-foot bridges around here?

Mr. Schnabel: We're doing one for a BART station, but that's a really high-
traffic BART station. They basically have the parking structure on the other
side of the railroad tracks. It's really designed for a larger flow. Most
bridges that we do, especially over highway facilities, are typically 10 feet.

Council Member Filseth: Ten feet.

Mr. Schnabel: Yeah, 10 feet. Belmont's 8, which is kind of rare. That's the
absolute minimum in the guidelines. Typically, the standard requires at
least 10. Twelve is pretty …

Council Member Filseth: Twelve was ample.

Mr. Schnabel: Yeah, it's pretty comfortable.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Could we go back to the funding sources?                 The
funding from the City is pretty certain, I guess, at this point?

Mr. Eggleston: Yes, the funding from the City has already been budgeted
into the project.

Council Member Kniss: Let's talk about the funds from the County, because
I remember this pretty clearly. The funds from the County are the result of
Stanford not doing a trail. They came, as a result, of San Mateo County
turning it down. The amount of money that came back from Stanford was
roughly $8 million or $9 million. The money has to be spent within a certain
                                                                        Page 60 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
