                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you all.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I think that concludes this item. Let's hope so.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: We are now at Intergovernmental Legislative Affairs. I actually
have something. At the Caltrain Local Policy Maker Group, there's been
discussion for a few months about a concept of seeking from MTC a grant for
probably just shy of $1 million that would be to look at grade separations
throughout the system with the Local Policy Maker Group being in all
likelihood the client. This was this group wanting to look collectively at
grade separations. It would not attempt to design any particular one. It
was to try to have a greater systems approach including transitions from one
city to another and make sure cities are really looking collaborative. Also to
look at lessons learned from cities who have already gone through
successful or less successful grade separation analysis and construction.
Finally, to try to help provide a process that cities would use for helping to
facilitate their specific grade separation analyses. Those are generally the
concepts of it. We don't have final wording. The reason I'm bringing this up
under legislative matters is I think this falls within our existing Rail Guiding
Principles. If any colleagues felt that we needed to discuss this as a Council,
then I'm willing to do that. Otherwise, I just plan on supporting it when it
comes forward. I don't know if it's going to pass even. There's no
consensus. There's no movement because it's not agendized.

Mayor Burt: I'm just saying that I want to give this for informational. If any
Council Members subsequently think there's a need to agendize it as a
Council, I wanted to make sure everybody had that prerogative. Otherwise,
I will just file forward. Silence implies consent in this case.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt:    We have Council Member Questions, Comments,
Announcements. Anyone have anything? Yes, go right ahead. Vice Mayor
Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just went to my first airport land use commission
meeting, which was really interesting. I didn't realize that Sunnyvale is
actually building two million-plus square feet out at Moffett, which is a fairly
large number. That's all I had.

Council Member DuBois: They're building an airport?
                                                                          Page 90 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
