                           TRANSCRIPT
D.    Explore a low income fee program, specifically with regards to
      Community Services.

Council Member Holman: Just to speak really briefly to that. It's because
we are currently at 2002 levels, and it's 2016.

Mayor Burt: I agree. We have done some tremendous investments in our
infrastructure.    I think we should be really proud and pleased as a
community with that. To have made that level of increase in investment
really in the last—essentially a tripling of the infrastructure in the same
timeframe that we have reduced our funding for people in greatest need, I
think, is not keeping our priorities straight. I think we can do both. This is a
referral to Policy and Services. It's not a definitive action, but it is to explore
how we would go about doing it. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll actually support the amendment. The key
word here, that I think is important and hopefully will earn some more
votes, is the word potentially.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What is the current amount of the HSRAP?

Mr. Perez: It's $448,000. If we were to inflate the number for '18, it's
roughly a $208,000 increase above the 2.5 assumed position.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It would be an extra $200,000 ...

Mr. Perez: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: ... in future years, what we're looking at.

Mayor Burt: Council Member ...

Council Member Kniss: That's ongoing?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, that would be ongoing. I wasn't actually
finished; I was just trying to process that. First I thought it was $667,000
additional. It's $200,000 additional. The intent of this Motion is to have
Policy and Services look at whether or not we should do that. Is that
correct? Or is it exploring how to—I wasn't clear when you said explore.
How to do it or is it whether or not we should do this? That's a different
motion.

Mayor Burt: I think I can clarify. It's to explore how we would do it, and
then there would be a decision on whether or not to do it.
                                                                               Page 61 of 100
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
