                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid:       I guess I'm wondering about the way it's
presented. You have the County question first, then the City questions.
Was the county in the background of all the City questions?

Mr. Metz: It was, and that was by design. Given that the County measure
is likely to move forward, if it does, it will appear on the ballot ahead of a
Palo Alto City measure. We thought the most realistic environment in which
to test a City measure was to make sure voters had awareness of the
County measure before weighing in on the City measure.

Council Member Schmid:        You never asked variances of the County
question?

Mr. Metz: No.

Council Member Schmid: Let's see. You did the work on our TOT. Can you
give an idea, do you recall, how your sample survey results compared to the
actual election outcome?

Mr. Metz: I don't recall the exact numbers. The polling showed it would
pass, and it passed. That's what I remember, but I don't remember exactly
how the numbers aligned up. I don't know if you do, Jim.

Mr. Keene: No. Actually I would—my recollection was that the results were
better than the predictions.

Council Member Berman: There was also no opposition.

Council Member Schmid: It'd be interesting to see that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There was a lot higher (inaudible).

Council Member Schmid: Yeah, yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It says in the 80th percentile (inaudible).

Council Member Schmid: In the survey?

Vice Mayor Scharff: In the survey.

Council Member Schmid: One last question. Did you do any comparisons
between the questions you asked and our community survey? There are
some that are fairly similar to questions asked in the community survey.
That had a larger sample size in the City.



                                                                       Page 118 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
