                          TRANSCRIPT
ability to ratify a program and essentially pass it as a voter matter. That will
enable a lot more flexibility in areas where we may be limited otherwise.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I'm trying to phrase this question. One of
the recommendations you have here is prefer California projects if cost
equals non-California, prefer local projects. I clearly get preferring local
projects as a separate value. Is the overarching value to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions? Do the people rank it like—this is really my question. If you
rank these carbon offset programs, do they say this one reduces greenhouse
gas emissions by this for this amount of money and this one reduces this
amount? What do they look like when you go out to the market to buy
them?

Ms. Dailey: It's a dollars per ton. It's a market clearinghouse.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If something is in California and something is in
Nebraska, for instance, it makes no difference. It's just a market price. We
could buy in California and it wouldn't be that we could get better bang for
our buck in Nebraska or anywhere else like that. It's just a pure market on
what you get.

Ms. Dailey: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can you choose between California—they'd be the same
price then, the California ones and the Nebraska ones, right? The California
and the non-California, why don't I just say that?

Ms. Dailey: I see where you're going. Yes, they should be the same price,
but there's not always a California project out there and available. If there
happened to be one in California, we would buy that one.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If not, we wouldn't. That's what that means?

Ms. Dailey: Correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I got that. There's a group that certifies. What's it
called? The California Air Resources Board (CARB), is that it? Who certifies?
Who makes sure this is a high-quality, real thing that we're buying, that's
really reducing greenhouse gas emissions?



                                                                          Page 21 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
