                            TRANSCRIPT
permanent Ordinance direction that we'd like. Once we wrap this up, we
need to go back to the waiver application before us tonight. Council Member
Holman.

Council Member Holman: I guess I have a very small number of additional
comments about ...

Mayor Burt: I'm returning—if we go back to a whole other go-around of
comments, then everybody's got to get a turn.

Council Member Holman: I'm not sure what you're returning to me for. You
don't want to ...

Mayor Burt: Because I had committed to you—just a second.

Council Member Holman: You don't want a Motion on this.

Mayor Burt: That's right.

Council Member Holman: You said we want to do separately the 100
Addison appeal. You're returning to me, which I appreciate, but it's not
clear to me what you're returning to me to do.

Mayor Burt: I can offer up my recommendation that we don't go into trying
to prescribe the permanent Ordinance, but you're still free to do what you
want. I'm offering my recommendation, and I committed to you that I'd
return to you, so that's what I'm doing.          A bunch more comments,
everybody else needs a crack at that if we do it.

Council Member Holman: Can I just respond to a couple of things that have
been said then? About SOFA II, I agree about Homer Avenue between
Ramona and Emerson. Actually it's a strong retail area, and we have now
two clothing stores on that block. I wish they were all retail. Parking or not,
I think it's a strong parking area. Just a reminder. We do have retail
required because—Vice Mayor Scharff was helpful in this too. We do have
retail extended from Downtown down Emerson to Homer. I do wonder,
when we're including this in the retail Ordinance going forward, we look at
south of Homer as well.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: Maybe that's right. Maybe it is to Forest because
the block between Forest and Homer were already protected as retail in the
SOFA II plan I think. I think we were just connecting those. At any rate,
that's my memory. Just a response to another couple of questions. I look
at this as it's both the loss of retail sales tax dollars and the loss of local
                                                                       Page 83 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
