                          TRANSCRIPT
tension that exists. Lastly, for the decision criteria, just out of curiosity
what—I can't argue with any of the seven decision criteria that are listed
here. Were there some that you considered and dismissed? It'd be difficult
for me to say, "What about this," and you could come up with different
decision criteria all night. Just out of curiosity, where did these seven come
from and are there any that were on the fence, that you guys decided to
keep it at seven, we're not going to include these?

Mr. Friend: These came from conversations of Staff and the advisory
council. I don't recall ones that we considered, that we dismissed. This
doesn't presume to be a definitive list, but these are the ones that seemed
to us to be most important and that would give you, the Council, the
greatest leverage in evaluating, deciding how you want to move. You could
make the list longer or shorter. All these lists could be longer, but we're
trying—this is the challenge in this whole effort, how do we get you enough
and not too much, not too little. It's a difficult balancing act, frankly, as you
well know.

Council Member Berman: Agree 1,000 percent.

Mr. Friend: If there's places where you want to encourage us to go more in
one direction or another, let us know and we'll (crosstalk) out.

Council Member Berman: I think it's important to keep it somewhat narrow,
which is why I was curious if you started out with a list of 20 and then
narrowed it down to seven. It sounds like these seven were the …

Mr. Friend: No. It was more like a list of five that became seven. I think
that's what it was. Part of the reason for that in the case of the criteria and
the guidelines is that these become guidance to Staff who, as you know,
work hard and have a lot to do and manage tradeoffs all the time. This is a
way for you to give guidance to Staff to say, "As you develop these
strategies and as you prioritize, these are the factors that should guide you."

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me first say I'll be supporting the Motion.
You can largely associate my views with those of the maker and the
seconder, the Vice Mayor and the Mayor. I think I agree with just about
everything that they said. Beyond that, I'll just add a couple more thoughts,
especially having listened to this conversation. I would posit that energy
actually does fall on Palo Alto in the form of sunlight.

Mr. Friend: That's what we were thinking, but we'll adjust the language.

                                                                         Page 49 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
