                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: From the edge of the sidewalk, the inboard edge of the
sidewalk, to the building, is that our current setback?

Mr. Lait: That's 9 1/2 feet. The property line is 9 1/2 feet from the edge of
the sidewalk, the property line. The City owns the sidewalk and that
planting strip. Then there's about a six inch setback from the property. So
about 10 feet from the edge of the sidewalk is where the building sits.

Mayor Burt: They're talking about building to the edge of our planting strip,
not to the edge of the sidewalk?

Mr. Lait: Correct.

Mayor Burt: it took a long time tonight for that to become clear.

Mr. Lait: I apologize for that. It occurred to me too in the conversation that
that needed to come out.

Mayor Burt: One of the things is that I know the applicant wanted us to
consider this outside of the context of the actual building. I can tell you I
have two different reactions. If they were to want to build a four-story right
back to the setback line—I mean to the edge of the property—that's
different from whether they want even a significant intrusion into the current
setback or a change of that setback. I can't really answer that question as if
we're going to look at this in isolation from the building. I think it's
unfortunate because that hurts our ability to give a meaningful response
tonight. Second, we're looking at essentially either Legislative Action or a
variance at some future date.           For me those are both essentially
discretionary actions. The variance has certain findings, but they're still
both discretionary actions.       My openness to allowing that is not only
contingent on the mass and the scale of the building and its compatibility
with the surroundings, but also with some of these other elements. There
was a reference to a 21st century TDM program. Does Staff know what that
means? If there was a binding program that would mean basically that
there would be no net increase in trips from this expansion, I would be much
more open to granting a setback which, in effect, would allow the building of
something between where it is now at 0.65 FAR and the 2.0 FAR maximum
that is in our hotel overlay. I want to reemphasize that our FARs are not "by
right." They are within all of the other requirements of our zoning and our
approval process. Whatever amount there is of that increase, I'm going to
think of it differently if there's a program that is binding and measureable
that means we wouldn't have any increase in car trips. There was discussion
about bikeways along El Camino. I didn't hear anything about Hansen. One
of the things that we had begun to have discussion that came up with our
Study Session with Stanford and the Research Park is trying to transform
                                                                       Page 41 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
