                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Atkinson: In May we did not have data collection in the Downtown core
at the same time as the Downtown RPP District. As of June, we started
collecting data on the same dates in the Downtown core as part of the
Downtown parking management study. We've been able to have more
comprehensive data moving forward.

Council Member DuBois: You're saying this may not be correct?

Ms. Atkinson: Yeah. It's grayed out, so it's not the focus of that map.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. That's definitely helpful. In Zone 8,
we sold 365 employee permits. That seemed like a lot. How do we
determine how many to sell per zone?

Ms. Atkinson: In Zone 8, 365 permits are available. There are still quite a
few available in Zone 8.

Council Member DuBois: We didn't get any information on how many have
been sold per zone.

Ms. Atkinson: We can get that to Council. I don't have it offhand, but we
can certainly provide that. The methodology for determining how the
permits were distributed, 75 in Zone 1, 120 in Zone 2, was based on the
total number of spaces that are available on each street face and looking to
maintain about 30-40 percent of those spaces as employee permit
availability, again understanding that employees don't always park each day.

Council Member DuBois: Can I just say that 30 percent of the spots in that
zone, that's where the number came from?

Ms. Atkinson: Essentially.

Council Member DuBois: You said that permits were sold out in many zones.
Do you have any sense what the demand is for additional permits?

Mr. Mello: If we could just go back to that last point, just for a point of
clarity. We assume that, based on the studies that we had done during
Phase 1, only about half of the permit holders show up on a given day. 30
percent times two is the number of permits that are allocated by each zone.
Typically only 50 percent of the permit holders show up at one point in time.

Council Member DuBois: That's been very consistent?

Ms. Atkinson: The 30-40 percent total in each zone?

Council Member DuBois: The 50 percent utilization, I guess.
                                                                      Page 73 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
