                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to add something. I was remiss in
not being very clear about this earlier. As the City Manager pointed out, the
City of Palo Alto has already taken great steps, and I think does have a very
strong culture in this regard. The idea here is really just to institutionalize
what's already been a strong culture. Again, my thanks to the City Manager,
the City Attorney, and also our Public Safety Staff for their support for this.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Scharff to refer this Colleagues Memo to the Policy and Services
Committee to discuss and potentially make recommendations to Council,
with a focus on technology that collects personally identifiable information.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously with
Council Members Filseth and Kniss absent. Thank you to members of the
public and to our Staff for participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Filseth, Kniss absent

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: We have our wrap-up items.          Intergovernmental Legislative
Affairs, nothing to report.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements.
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things to report on. First, last
Thursday I attended the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG)
General Assembly in Oakland on behalf of the City. This was on April 21st.
It was interesting to note that during the breakout session with Council
Members representing mid to large cities from the Bay, there was essentially
one topic for discussion, which was housing, housing costs, housing supply,
housing displacement. Lots of people from other parts of the larger Bay
Area region, even as far as away as Marin County or eastward, talked about
how people who work in Silicon Valley cities like Palo Alto but can't afford to
live here find housing in their neighborhoods, causing displacement there,
causing further growth pressures and consternation there. Just further
evidence that if we don't pull our own weight addressing the regional
housing crisis, the problem doesn't just go away. By refusing to address the
challenge here, it means that other communities really have to deal with it.
I heard that from a number of other cities. On April 20th, last Wednesday,
Joe Simitian—a separate issue—sponsored a County Town Hall in the City of
Los Altos Hills on short-term bike and pedestrian improvements to Page Mill
                                                                         Page 65 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
