                          TRANSCRIPT
perspective. I think it is important to get peer review, CAOs to CAOs. We
used to always get it, but we never got it in writing. We only got it verbally
reported, which I think is kind of bizarre. I think it's really critical because
the CAOs have to work with each other. It's the top-level interface between
and among our top-level management. I think it is a little bizarre, to be
frank, that we don't have that built in on a permanent basis. Again, not
looking for positives and negatives by rote, but looking for what's working,
what isn't working. If you look at—I'm not pointing at you. I'm pointing at
the auditor function of other departments. It's really important that the
other departments work well with you. If there are issues, we don't want a
City Auditor out there alone, having to be in the wings trying to work them
out on an auditor's own behalf. The Council should be taking responsibility
to help work through that, intercede in that. It's not falling on you as HR
Director, not you as a person but as the position. It's really management up
here above the CAOs that's supposed to be helping work through that if
there are issues. I think having CAO-to-CAO peer reviews is critical. The
other thing about the modified 360—I think this may be my only one until
Greg says something that spurs 15 more comments from me. I know this
was a comment from last year when the modified 360 was done. Because it
was just online and there was no ability—it was like the follow-up that you
mentioned here—to say, "What did you mean by that?" Without some
aspect of that, an online survey is only good for so much.

Ms. Figone: Offering the opportunity for follow-up?

Council Member Holman: Yeah. It's sort of like email. Email is wonderful to
the extent that it's wonderful, but it has so many shortcomings because you
can't read tone, you can't read intonation. Somebody might have written
something a little bit more quickly than even they intended. There has to be
some allowance for some kind of follow-up feedback. Those were my—is
that enough?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah.

Council Member Holman: Just say yes, and we'll go.

Ms. Figone: She covered all of you, and you have nothing.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Nothing left to say. Actually I do. I think you guys did
a great job. I (inaudible) well. I'm happy with the process. I do, however,
think that the process before you came had some positives as well. One of
those positives was that the previous person—that's why we did a modified
360, not a full 360, because they interviewed the department heads.
(inaudible) they would then understand …

                                                                                     Page 10 of 20
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                               Transcript 11/16/16
