                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: It goes into the groundwater.

Ms. North: They're trying to work on regulations for in the future direct
potable reuse, where they would be doing purified water, blending it with a
treatment facility, and then eventually going back into your tap. That is
their ultimate goal. They are working on purifying the water and doing
indirect potable reuse. That whole plant of 13 million gallons per day, they
will be producing around eight because the rest will be going for RO
concentrate. They need to dispose of that. All these existing purple pipe
customers, they're hoping that our recycled water, purple pipe quality will
help feed their purple pipe customers.

Mr. Bobel: This relates to us because one of the goals that the Water
District has had for some time is for the three sewage treatment plants
south of the Dumbarton Bridge, ours, Sunnyvale, San Jose, is that they all
ultimately tie together for resiliency purposes and to get the water to where
it can be used best. Mountain View and Sunnyvale have actually had quite a
few conversations about exactly how to tie the systems together from
Mountain View, which is the south end of our system, to Sunnyvale. We
could get into more detail on that, but that's a short summary of it. What's
the next slide, Karin?

Ms. North: It's just the more focused area. It's just showing how close we
are. That's it for discussion.

James Allen, Water Quality Control Plant Manager: Our agreement requires
that Palo Alto Council approve any water transfer outside of the City of
Mountain View and Palo Alto.

Mr. Bobel: Let's stop there. That's our background. Just to bring you back
to the actual recommendation, the recommendation is just that first slide.
The recommendation is to adopt this amendment which extends the recycled
water agreement with Mountain View to 2060. That's the principle thing
agreement does. We'll stop there.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before we go forward with Council Member
questions, Molly, I just wanted to see if there's any legal framework that we
need to have as the context for this discussion around the Capistrano case.
If you could give us any input on that.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Yes, thank you. The Capistrano case does
include a passage on the recycled water program in that city which is
different. A legal challenge was brought to the way that that jurisdiction
decided to fund that project. Just let me say briefly that when—non-lawyers
sometimes don't realize that when you read a legal case, what lawyers do is
                                                                      Page 60 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
