                          TRANSCRIPT
would take that out of the Code, that we would have—any major
adjustments would come to Council.

Vice Mayor Scharff:     No.   I heard Staff's response, and I thought it was
appropriate.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to add to the Motion, “retain at the end of Municipal Code
Section 16.57.070, ‘on an annual basis following the enactment of this
chapter, the chief transportation official shall review the estimated cost of
the described parking, the continued need for that parking and the
reasonable relationship between such need and the impacts of pending or
anticipated nonresidential development within the assessment district. The
chief transportation official shall report his or her findings to the city council
at a noticed public hearing and recommend any adjustment to these
requirements as may be needed.’”

Council Member Schmid: I would just make the case that these in-lieu
payments which rely on and are based upon the assumption of one new job,
one new parking place for each 250 square feet is the number we have been
using in approving projects in town for the last 2-3 decades. That is such a
critical element in our assumptions. Staff has indications that they are
actually looking at a different fee. They're creating more jobs per square
feet. That has tremendous repercussions. This clause says you must come
to Council and talk about those adjustments with Council. I think it is
important that this clause remain in the Code.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll just make two points. Kind of the importance
of the parking report is not the same as the public art in terms of impacts. I
think it does deserve discussion. Two, when you read this, it's eliminated.
It doesn't say that the report will be combined with other reports. It just
eliminates it. I don't think the Ordinance matches what Staff was describing
or doesn't really describe how and when it's delivered. If you want to
deliver it with other information, I think that's fine. I do think the language
about recommending adjustments if needed is pretty important as well.

Mayor Burt: I don't see other lights. I'd like to then just go back to Staff
and hear again whether retention of the former, what ramifications that
would have.


                                                                           Page 86 of 90
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/7/16
