                          TRANSCRIPT
from one site can be offsite by reductions on another. I think that is
opening a whole can of worms. I don't think that's a good idea at all.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Where are you, Karen?

Council Member Holman: That's also on Page 414. It's about in the middle
of the Page. It's the only bullet, per se, on that Page. It's right about
Program T1.2.3. I think that is opening a whole can of worms.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible) can you repeat (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry? Page 414. It's the bullet right above
T123. I think maybe there's a good clarification that could be provided here
just to get it out of the way for later. On the next page, 415, Program
T141—I'm going to leave out the dots because it's just faster. Review the
Zoning Ordinance and update as needed to ensure compatibility with the
Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Ordinance include parking technology
improvements such as vehicle lifts and electronic monitoring. I think we
want to be clear here that we don't want to—I have heard the Architectural
Review Board talk about this, the public talk about this. Vehicle lifts are not
appropriate for retail. If we're going to talk about vehicle lifts, let's make
sure we're aren't utilizing them for retail. I guess this could be used under—
on Packet Page 421, Policy T121. If anybody from the art community was
here, they'd know that this is something that is important to me. I put this
wording together, but I don't know if it's the right wording or not. I'll just
put it out there. Consider public art especially in alleyways as a way to
encourage walking and provide connectivity between and among businesses
and transit/parking infrastructure. I can provide that to you later. I'll
repeat it quickly here. Consider public art especially in alleyways as a way
to encourage walking and provide connectivity between and among
businesses and transit/parking infrastructure. I think we've been missing
the boat on that for a long time. On 422, I just think there's some awkward
wording on Goal T2. I'll just leave it at that. It's a comment including
school traffic. I just think it's awkward wording. Maybe that could be
clarified. I don't know how far the Council wants to go tonight. Program
T231 talks about regularly update LOS regulations. I don't know if the
Council wants to go any further than that right at the moment. On the next
page, on Page 424, I think Council Member DuBois may have mentioned this
one too.     Policy T33, avoid major increases in street capacity when
constructing blah, blah, blah. The previous policy, T27, was much stronger
than that and clearer in intention. It says avoid major increases in street
capacity unless necessary to remedy severe traffic congestion. I think this
new 3.3. is much weaker. I'm troubled by—on that same page, 424,
Program T341—evaluate the feasibility of changes to Palo Alto's through

                                                                       Page 106 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
