                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: That really does change the way I see this. I'm
sorry to see that. I like the mixed-use aspect of it very much. I like the
TDM, but I'm very troubled about not going that extra five percent. This is a
community that is really looking for more housing. It's really looking for
that opportunity to expand on our affordable housing. I don't know what
that amount of money would be, nor is it my concern. I regret that.

Mayor Burt: The applicant appears to want to speak again. Go right ahead.

Mr. Ma: If I may. We are granting one unit as BMR as required and seeking
to pay 95 percent or 0.95 of the secondary BMR unit as an in-lieu fee. If it
was to be increased to one entire BMR unit, we'd be happy to take that extra
five percent and pay that additional in-lieu fee to make it 100 percent
essentially.

Mayor Burt: When the in-lieu fee is paid, it means it's provided but not at
this site.

Ms. Silver: That's correct.

Council Member Kniss: Provided somewhere else in the City?

Mayor Burt: Yes. It goes into our housing—that's what the in-lieu fees go
to.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: The applicant did offer to increase that to a full ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you'd like to increase that in the Motion, now would
be the time. It becomes one full BMR in-lieu payment.

Council Member Kniss: In that case, let's add that into the Motion. That
would include the five percent additional into the in-lieu fee of the 95
percent previously. Is that acceptable.

Mayor Burt: Do we simply say that the project would contribute a full BMR
unit in-lieu fee? Is that the best way to say it?

Ms. Silver: Yes. As a voluntary applicant proposal.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to add to the Motion, “require the project
contribute one complete unit of in-lieu fees towards the Below Market Rate
Housing Fund.” (New Part H)

                                                                           Page 50 of 110
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/23/16
