                          TRANSCRIPT
seeing whole families and people who obviously may not have been out on a
bike recently, out biking. The bike share system will be complementary to
the infrastructure investments that Palo Alto has been making and continues
to make. It's highly complementary to public transit like Caltrain and also
things like the City's investment in the shuttle system. Imagine somebody
taking a shuttle into Downtown for lunch and realizing, "I need to pop over
to Whole Foods to pick something up, and I only have 10 or 15 minutes to
do so." It really is complementary to the other modes. As the speaker from
the Research Park was saying in terms of being able to use this system not
only for first and last mile but also for lunches and errands. It's great to see
the regional cooperation. The SoBi system is a much better match for our
local land use. All of these things are a really good fit. One concern I have,
echoing several Council Members, is the pricing. Some of our use cases, we
have the lunch and errand use case. San Mateo, the first Peninsula use of
the SoBi bikes, has a slightly different price where for $15 a month you have
one hour per day or $5 an hour.               It winds up being much more
accommodating if you need to go for lunch for an hour or to run an errand.
Thirty minutes is too short for lunch or errand, and you wind up getting
penalized for doing a normal short trip. I would suggest that for the SoBi
model and for our land use and for some of the expected use cases to
negotiate for a pricing system—not for an all-day bike rental. That's where
you can go to the bike store and rent a bike. For something that also
supports that lunch and errand use case as well.                In sum, very
complementary to the other investments that the City is making and giving
people transportation alternatives. Hope that a slightly more flexible pricing
structure can be negotiated. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Andrew Boone.

Andrew Boone: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Andrew
Boone. I bicycle for most of my trips, so I am very glad to see a practical
bike share system coming to Palo Alto soon. The pilot system was simply
way too small to really be a success. With 350 or 700 bikes, then you have
a critical mass of stations and bikes. There are lots of destinations from Palo
Alto, from Downtown that you've got to have a bike to get there. It's just
too far to walk to a lot of jobs. I think it will be successful. However, I'm a
lot more skeptical than the previous speakers on the terms under which
you're getting a big bike share program. This program is not revenue
neutral at all. It's a multimillion dollar investment by the City. It surprises
me to see written in the terms that the City would purchase all of the bikes,
all 350 bikes for $1 million. That then will be used as advertising space for
someone else to make money. That's not the deal that Motivate had with
MTC for the big Bay Area Bike Share System. Motivate provided the bikes in
that case. That seems a lot more logical. They're the ones advertising on
                                                                         Page 95 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
