                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Berman: There's some programs that might just address
clothing that have nothing to do with housing, and we don't want to exclude
those.

Ms. Price: Yep, yep.

Council Member Berman: I don't know if Staff caught that at all, but I'll
make sure they do when do a straw poll on your letter.

Ms. Price. Good. The partnership issues, do you have questions about that?

Council Member Berman: No.

Ms. Price: Pretty straightforward?

Council Member Berman:        It seems pretty straightforward.      Thank you,
ma'am.

Ms. Price: I hope you will all look upon this favorably. Thank you.

Council Member Berman: Thanks, Gail.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just wanted to thank Staff and the committee for
their report. It's great to have the detailed report that reflects the work of
hours and hours of citizens bringing different points of view and working
together on this. I want to support what you've been doing and look
forward to the coming Elements on it. Let me make three short comments.
Thanks to Gail and Don for bringing up the permanent supportive housing
issue. Number two, a couple of comments have been made about there's a
lot of programs and policies in here. I noted in taking a quick run through—I
counted 42 in my first run through of things asking for more money or more
Staff time, very different things. There weren't any of them I'd say take
that out. We end up with a listing. I know the Comp Plan should have some
means or ways of getting us to set priorities or to think through choices,
directions we want to go in. Maybe when you come back it might be helpful
to have either near the vision statement or something, here's how you might
prioritize or think about prioritizing. I know it's the function of Staff and the
Council to ultimately set the priorities, but I think some help and guidelines
in how you think about prioritizing all these good things. My last point is
about basic assumptions. I think when we do a Comprehensive Plan, I look
for has there been agreement on the fundamental things that we all agree
                                                                          Page 32 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
