                     ACTION MINUTES
MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to identify Alternative 2 as the preferred alternative for the preparation of an
environmental analysis and plans, specifications and estimates for
construction for Embarcadero Road between El Camino Real and Emerson
Street roadway improvements.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to identify Alternative 1, with the change to utilize the two-way
configuration of Alternative 2 on the North side of Embarcadero Road, from
Trader Joe’s to Emerson Street, as the preferred alternative for the
preparation of an environmental analysis and plans, specifications and
estimates for construction for Embarcadero Road between El Camino Real
and Emerson Street roadway improvements.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 5-4 DuBois, Holman, Scharff, Schmid, no

8.      Review of the Draft Transportation Element Prepared by the
        Comprehensive Plan Update Community Advisory Committee
        (Continued From August 15, 2016).

NO ACTION TAKEN

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Schmid reported his attendance at the latest Bay Area
Water Supply and Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) meeting. At the meeting,
the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC) reported the State
Water Resources Control Board introduced a suggested 40 percent
sustainable flow from January through June along the Tuolumne River. This
could reduce the total flow into and out of the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir.

Council Member DuBois reported that he and many other Council Members
attended the Midtown Residents Annual Ice Cream Social. He thanked Sheri
Furman for her efforts in organizing the Social.

Vice Mayor Scharff reported that the Association of Bay Area Governments
(ABAG) Executive Director, Ezra Rapport resigned, effective September 30.

                                                                              Page 4 of 5
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                Action Minutes: 9/19/16
