                          TRANSCRIPT
It's quarter to nine now. Let's try to have 45 minutes perhaps on discussion
here and see how that goes. Everybody kind of keep that in mind, and we'll
see how we progress. First, Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Thank you for the work that went into
yesterday's presentation and also the presentation this evening. I have
some comments, and some of them will lead to questions. I think I'll
probably just put them all there. If you could make note of them and then
respond maybe in bulk, that might be the most efficient way. I laud the
attempt, I laud the effort, I laud a lot of things that are in this plan. I also
think that there are some significant gaps in it, that we're not looking at our
Carbon Plan in a holistic manner. I'll get to some of those here just in a
moment. Traffic. We can't, on the one hand, say we want to reduce traffic
and reduce the impact of vehicles when we're at the same time approving
projects that skate just below the significant impact at intersections, for
instance. We should be looking at no net new trips. To get to no net new
trips, we also have to have a reliable, quantifiable, easily understood
threshold and basis for how we count trips. Some of the things that we're
looking at here, I have some concern about unintended consequences. For
us to have more housing which could potentially get more people near jobs
but, of course, there's no assurance of that. Because somebody lives in Palo
Alto doesn't mean they're going to work in Palo Alto or vice versa. I know
we've talked about having more housing in some of our urban areas or
maybe overall. We need to look, though, at again the consequence of
changing our zoning if we do this. I'm actually pretty much in favor of doing
this, but also we need to consider it in a holistic fashion. If we changed our
mixed-use requirements, for instance, to where we allowed more housing,
less office, and ground-floor retail, let's say, we need to also look at what
those impacts might be, especially if we change parking requirements.
Parking requirements over time—I've been told for many years that the
parking standards oftentimes determine what the size of the building is
going to be. We need to look at it again, so we know what we're going to do
and what we're going to end up with. When it comes to Uber, Lyft, those
sorts of things, what do we have in terms of data, trends versus
assumptions versus long-term likelihood? Just to use one example. If
someone's using Uber to get from San Francisco to Mountain View, let's say,
is that going to be four car trips as opposed to two car trips? In other
words, down and back, or is it going to be down and back to get somebody
else, and then down and back again? In other words, what are the trends,
what's the pick-up and drop-off? We don't have any data; I've never seen
anything that really is substantial and significant. Again, looking at the
holistic aspect of carbon footprint. We have seen nothing that I'm familiar
with as a part of this plan. The positive impact of our canopy. In other
words, what kind of investment should we be making in our canopy? What
                                                                         Page 67 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
