                         TRANSCRIPT
CAO.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Not a full 360.

Ms. Figone: Right, not a full 360 and not everybody in the organization. My
recollection—please don't take this to the bank—is that that survey looked
very similar to the survey that the Council received, the online survey that
MRG uses. In 2015, the feedback we got was that that survey—we got it
mostly from the administration—which asks about leadership and technical
strengths and those kinds of characteristics didn't seem meaningful to the
administration because employees generally don't have that perspective
about their boss. The suggestion was that we use an open-ended survey
that really sought to get input about the issues of (inaudible) and areas of
concern, just to kind of use a broad label. Although the scope that we had
in mind was to issue the online survey similar to what the Council used, we
changed direction. We developed with the administration's input this open-
ended survey that sought to get input on areas of concern, and that's what
we did. The open-ended survey was designed to solicit concerns, and that's
what it did. That's kind of in the category of watch what you wish for,
because that's the kind of feedback that was received. When that feedback
was received, it's not that it wasn't embraced, but some of the comments
were "where's all the positive stuff?" Unless somebody chose to make a
positive comment, it really didn't ask for the pluses and the minuses. The
idea that we brought forward was there's a lot in this feedback, let's let the
CAOs have a year to work on these things, because our experience—I will
tell you mine as a former administrator—is when you go back out in a
second year and ask some of the same questions and things haven't been
resolved, a survey process can lose credibility. That was the whole point
behind going every other year. Every other year for this type or any type of
tool of this nature is more of a best practice. Rumi can comment on that
from her HR perspective. The second thing that I had in mind in making the
recommendation is I'm not so sure that that open-ended survey is the best
form. I would say one reason for that is because there was no follow-up.
It's one-way input without then going out and seeking "what did you mean
by X?" That wasn't part of the scope of the contract quite frankly. I still
think that if there was going to be an open-ended survey, it should be more
balanced in terms of the questions that it asks. It is far more labor
intensive, though, to process from a consulting perspective. I would just say
as a representative of MRG whatever you want to do in terms of a direct
report or employee input, I would want us to make sure it is scoped
appropriately so you get the kind of product that is meaningful to you. Our
recommendation really is still to go every other year, because it is a best
practice. One of the points of feedback, however, from a respondent to the
online survey doesn't agree with that.       I'm not here to advocate for
                                                                                      Page 3 of 20
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript 11/16/16
