                          TRANSCRIPT
Embarcadero Road and El Camino Real is controlled by Caltrans, the State
Highway Department. We cannot communicate with it or modify the signal
timing certainly unilaterally. As would be expected Caltrans prioritizes travel
along El Camino Real which often causes delays for folks approaching on
Embarcadero Road. Once we link the two other signals into our Citywide
traffic control system, we plan to retime all of the City-owned signals along
Embarcadero Road from East Bayshore to the Town and Country driveway.
That is scheduled for this year. Caltrans will provide their timing plan, and
we will then be able to make some effort to better sync our signals to theirs.
At the end of 2015, we also kicked off the planning and design of Phase 2 of
the project which will make additional bicycle, pedestrian and traffic
circulation improvements along Embarcadero Road between Bryant Street
and El Camino Real. We held a public meeting back in December to solicit
feedback on the most important issues and developed some alternative
concepts for review.        Since then, we have conducted traffic counts,
performed some existing conditions analyses and refined three alternatives.
We presented these to the public at a meeting at Palo Alto Unified School
District headquarters on Tuesday, March 15th, and welcomed about 20
attendees. In the next several months, we will work to identify a locally
preferred alternative and will bring it to the Council for adoption and move
into the final design phase. During the initial traffic study, we looked at
what specific elements of the roadway were causing delays for motorists.
We determined that the traffic signal to the crosswalk was not an issue;
however, we did identify the Trader Joe's driveway as a significant
contributing factor. Motorists existing the driveway were not yielding as
required, and they were causing gridlock in the curb lane for those waiting to
access the shopping center or northbound El Camino Real. In order to
address this issue, on March 16th we made signing and striping changes at
Trader's Joe driveway to encourage more motorists to yield as required, and
our initial observations during the mornings after and lunch-time peak hours
showed that the treatment is proving to be effective. More to come on that.
In relation to our comprehensive traffic safety program, we did want to
again advise the Council that throughout 2016 we hope to initiate a more
structured traffic safety program that will address a series of intersection
and roadway segment with a history of crashes and a potential for collisions
in the future. This program will utilize crash reporting software named
Crossroads, appropriately, which has been adopted by many other
jurisdictions throughout Santa Clara County to identify candidate locations.
Those locations could also be submitted through the Palo Alto 311 system
and through the various regular transportation stakeholder meetings which
include Payback, the City-School traffic safety committee and others. Goals
and performance measures for the program will be developed within the
next several months consistent with the already adopted plans and policies.
As a first step in the rollout of the comprehensive traffic safety program, our
                                                                        Page 28 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
