                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Nickel: Correct. They will have two inspections, correct.

Council Member Holman: In addition to any other announced inspections.

Mr. Nickel: Correct.

Council Member Holman: I think that takes care of my questions. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thanks again to Staff and the members of the
community and CPI on what seems like a successful resolution of Stage 1.
Stage 2 will be hopefully all the parties coming to an agreement. It might
have been somebody else that said everybody will find something to be
unhappy with about that agreement. That's how compromises are crafted.
The question that I had. I was talking with a resident of the community
who's been involved in this process. They expressed a concern about—when
we talked about this a couple of months ago, we talked about CPI agreeing
to improve communication with the neighborhood and making sure that
somebody was available if people called in with concerns and that kind of
thing. I assume that's something that's going to be discussed with this next
stage, but I just wanted to kind of flag it as making sure that there's
information about that in the agreement that you guys will come back to us
with.

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member Burt. Yes, you will see that there is
a provision that will confirm those good neighbor practices.

Council Member Berman:      Good neighbor practices, that’s a good way of
putting it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights. Please vote on the board. That passes
unanimously. Thank you, everyone, for your not only attendance but your
participation throughout this process to all parties. Thank you.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, I would just like to add my thanks
to the community, to CPI. I really want to do a big shout-out to Molly and
Hillary for some great, great work as Staff. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I want to echo that as well. Thank you very much to all the
Staff who has been diligent on this. We look forward to progress over the
next month.

                                                                       Page 37 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/29/16
