                          TRANSCRIPT
the whole package. If you come back at a prescreening you can address
those holistically together.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: For me too it's the whole package. I do lean toward as
little trips as possible. I think you could get to that no new net trips; that
would be a real positive if you could come close to that. For me, it's not a
hard and fast thing. I think it's important.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Given that we just had an extensive report on the
TDM at Stanford Research Park, I would think that if we worked together
closely with them on how they would see this impact that would probably
persuade me the most. Knowing Uber's handy or taxis are handy, there is
some movement that's going to take place if somebody is there and they're
staying at the hotel in order to be in the Research Park in some way.

Mayor Burt: They have a baseline of trips with no TDM program of their 36
rooms. It's not no trips from the project; it's no net trips from the additional
rooms. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think you could tell from my earlier comments
that I don't really see that we can make findings for a variance. I wanted to
see where other Council Members were. It sounds like there's maybe some
interest in looking at a legislative change for this parcel. I'm a little
lukewarm on that. If that's where the majority of the Council is or granting
some extent of intrusion into the setback, I guess what I would want to see,
if this were to come back, is some massing models as well as a TDM. I do
not want to be in a situation where we're looking up plans on the City's
website that went to the ARB and then we're tying the hands of the ARB,
saying this is better. I would say better dealing with massing models and
something of that nature that address compatibility, transition, setbacks of
third and fourth floors from my perspective that are consistent with the
South El Camino Design Guidelines and the Grand Boulevard. A proposal
that is sympathetic to its surroundings. What I mean by that is not just "this
will be sympathetic to a building that's going to be built at some point in
time across the street." No. That's how we get all 50-foot height buildings
that are such a monotonous, boring streetscape or cityscape, I should say.
Those are my basic comments. I also would be very interested in what
could be accomplished—I think Council Member Berman may have
misunderstood. I'm not talking about remodeling the part that's in the
setback; that would be increasing a non-conformancy. I'd actually be
interested in what they could do to remodel or enhance the existing
                                                                         Page 44 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
