                         TRANSCRIPT
$400,000 five years ago; it's a million now. When everything is going up,
you cannot just say SSO is also going up. When the market is not good,
how the SSOs are doing. That's the research nobody has done, just people
talking about it. One point I want to make about the process, which has to
be improved. They (inaudible) the neighborhood really badly. I hope
people—I love my neighbors, and hopefully we'll still have the good
relations. One comment that is made on Nextdoor Palo Verde that really
talks about it. Let me read out this for you. "While the opposition
occasionally represents themselves as poor, multigenerational immigrants,
what they really appear to be is foreign-funded opportunists looking to make
a quick few million by tearing down these treasures." I just want to say that
it really hurt me, because this is (inaudible) in our neighborhood. Just want
to say a lot of people in Royal Manor are not like that. I came with $300 in
my pocket, and my wife and myself saved every penny to buy a house. We
don't want to lose the right we have today. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Yukeo Fraser to be followed by Marjan ... To be
followed by Jeff Williams. Welcome.

Jeff Williams: Hi. I'm Jeff Williams. I've been a Palo Alto resident since
1959, currently living in a house on Janice Way that was bought by my
family in '62. We have three generations living there now. Strongly in
support of the SSO for all the reasons that you've already heard.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Richard Willits to be followed by Jackie Angelo
Geist. Jackie Angelo Geist.

Jackie Angelo Geist: Hello everyone. I've lived in my Eichler for perhaps 45
years, at least, and been extremely happy there. The first reason that I'm in
favor of the single story overlay is to keep the integrity of the Eichler
neighborhood as originally designed and intended. That is important to me.
Some degree of uniformity of design makes an attractive neighborhood, and
each home is extremely marketable. We've see that happen. The second
reason is to keep the inside/outside living style alive by maintaining privacy
and light that can come into your home. Our family has lost that privilege
that we've enjoyed all these years, because directly behind us on Louis Road
there's a monster home, as we call it. Hopefully no other homeowners will
have to live with this kind of giant home looming in their backyard, blocking
our privacy because we too do not have drapes in our living room. We enjoy
the glass, being inside/outside. Taking away our light-infused living spaces.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sidney Simon [phonetic] to be followed by Nancy
Hancock [phonetic]. Mike Blum [phonetic]. Andrew Lookingbill.

                                                                        Page 88 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
