                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: "C" is anticipated dewatering flow rate. Is that
measuring? It seems more like they're guesstimating what the anticipated
flow rate is.

Mr. Bobel: No, it's a different paragraph. We can find that for you.

Council Member Holman: I would appreciate that.

Mr. Keene: It's paragraph 6 in the attachment, is the thing that specifically
talks about the flow meter with the data logger to be installed.

Council Member Holman: That's water pressure. I don't see measuring of
water coming off the site ...

Mayor Burt: They'll get back to us.

Council Member Holman: Also I have a question about Number 5. In Group
1, it is—just so people can follow along easily—require grading permit
applicants anticipated to or encountering groundwater to submit a statement
of the effects of the proposed groundwater pumping on nearby structures,
infrastructure, trees or landscaping.      It seems to me that those are
consistent with, to one degree or another, Group 3, Numbers 3, 4 and 7. It
seems like we're asking an applicant to answer the questions that we're not
willing to address until Group 3. That's how I read these. That's what the
whole controversy is about. That's where we have dueling experts. It's like
what is the impact on nearby buildings, the infrastructure, trees, landscape.
That's what the controversy and, like I say, dueling consultants is. We're
going to ask an applicant to present that information?

Mr. Bobel: I'm sorry. Are you noticing that it's in the Group 3 activities?

Council Member Holman: Yes. I'm saying that it seems to me that Group 1,
Number 5, that's on page 428 of the packet, that several of those are
addressed in Group 3 as Numbers 3, 4 and 7. Again, it's things that we
don't have answers to.

Mr. Bobel: We included them in the Group 3 activities because it was a little
hard to do. In sorting out all the things that came up at the Policy and
Services Committee, there were—you could have interpreted that in a lot of
different ways as to exactly what we should do with respect to offsite
effects. The specific offsite effect we put in Recommendation Number 5 was
that the owner/developer determined whether there's a significant possibility
of effects, that we're putting on the developer in Recommendation Number 5
We also have general language about that in the Group 3 activities because


                                                                        Page 57 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
