                          TRANSCRIPT
start to constrict those employee parkers back into the original RPP District.
If we don't simultaneously reduce the total number of permits, we're going
to go back to where we were in Phase 1, which is where we had clustering
closer to Downtown.

Mr. Keene: If I might just—I think this is an important point. I think it's
symbolic of a lot of items that we're dealing with these days. First of all, "C"
essentially by what Josh said about the timing on this really needs to be
made maybe Number i under "D." We're going to come back with proposals
to implement a freeze on the sale of employee permits, etc., not as soon as
possible. Secondly, the Council rightfully asks us often when we've done a
Staff presentation to explain the implications of recommendations that we're
making. You expect us to be able to do this. Right now, we're setting new
numbers. They might be very good numbers; they might be exactly spot-
on. I can tell you right now the Staff can't with confidence say they can fully
report to you the implications of those decisions. We're making a policy, but
to be honest with you—a word we like to throw around—it's not particularly
transparent what the implications are. Since we're asking to be directed to
come back in January, if there's some way to signal the intent clearly you
want to—you'd like to accelerate the decline in the number of employee
permits that are sold to match as closely as possible the on-the-ground
experience that we're seeing. Something like that. We already know some
of the numbers you'd like to get at.          I would just feel a lot more
professionally comfortable if we could go back and be able to present it to
you in a way that you would know the whack-a-mole implications of what
happens. We all know that this is not the end of things moving somewhere.
You're not going to get anything more accomplished tonight other than
putting your own mark on it right now, but you're going to have to do that
anyway with more finality when we come back. I really would ask you to—
it's put a lot of pressure on the Staff to be feeling they're getting directives
and they can't really say fully that they understand the implications. There's
really no point to doing it this way. You're not enacting a change right now;
you're giving us direction. If you could signal the direction—honestly it will
be much easier for you to tweak it after we've told you we know what it is
than for us to figure out how do we identify the impacts of this right now. It
will make everything be faster. This actually slows us down.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Having sat here since the beginning, this is very
interesting. Let me see if I have this right at this point. This is really a
stop-gap. I don't think anyone would argue with that. This is a stop-gap
that we're trying to use on our way to having a whole TMA or TDM or
whatever we may call it in the Downtown. We're working diligently toward
                                                                       Page 110 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
