                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Where applicable, the Context Based …

Mayor Burt: Going forward, that would mean if we adopted other district-
based context criteria, then it would automatically apply.

Mr. Lait: That's right.

Council Member Holman: That sounds good. I think the last thing—by the
way, thank you for—it was one of my markups. Thank you for catching the
word "local."

Mayor Burt: No, we're waiting for Staff to come up with wording.          We're
going to have additional discussion. Thank you.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for catching that. Do we need to—I
think the Staff Report asked us to identify the boundaries of the Downtown
commercial district. Do you still need that? You've got in 1—it says "as
applicable coordinated area plans," which South of Forest Area (SOFA) II is.
Do we still need to identify the Downtown commercial district?

Mr. Lait: No, we would not because we're modifying 2(c) to not be specific
to these two geographic areas. What we're saying is under 2(c) wherever
we have Context Based Design Criteria, the project shall demonstrate
consistency with that. Defining the boundaries is no longer necessary.

Council Member Holman: That's what it seemed to me. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I take it nobody else has anything. We're just waiting for that
language. Do the maker and the seconder accept the new language in
Amendment B?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do.

Council Member Wolbach: I accept.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove Part A of the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, you have something?

Council Member Holman: Yeah, a clarifying question about this. Design
criteria of the applicable zone district.   We seemed to have lost the
coordinated area plans and any relevant design guides.

Council Member Wolbach: Could we just add that in?


                                                                       Page 49 of 56
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 11/14/16
