                         TRANSCRIPT
are applied to both sections the same way. One has a much longer span, so
it's much taller and needs to be taller to reduce the impacts from the loading
and the deflection. We can artificially increase that span for architectural
reasons. What we've done here is basically a structural baseline. What's
minimal for the structural necessity of the design.

Council Member Holman: Do you have any notion of what a cost might be
to enhance that height?

Mr. Schnabel: I'm not sure. There's some offset. The more you increase
the height, the less member size that you'll need. There's an offsetting cost
impact, but I'm not clear what the overall cost implication would be.

Mr. Eggleston: Can I just add that as we went into this with the results of
the design competition in mind, we have been specifically trying to look at
having lower profile designs. In fact, from our standpoint, not been so
interested in arch designs that were higher, and thought it was a positive
that the three-span had the lower elevation.

Council Member Holman: This isn't high like the other design was, that was
put to the side. The reason I bring it up is because the—I do come from the
graphics world. From my perspective, it isn't a very graceful transition from
the arch section to the—I'll call it for lack of a better term the square
section. The square section also tends to end rather abruptly as opposed to
more gracefully.

Mr. Schnabel: I could provide you with some examples of where that
actually occurs in that form. You could have a real-life example of what that
would look like.

Council Member Holman: That would be helpful. My interest is—I don't
think there is enough support—Option 2, but I don't know where would we
get the money if there was—where would that money come from, the 2.2?
Excuse me, 2.9.

Mr. Eggleston: Alternative 2, the $2.9?

Council Member Holman: $2.9, where would the money come from?

Mr. Eggleston: We don't have an identified place where the funding would
come from at this time.

Council Member Holman: We have options in front of us that we have no
funding mechanism for?


                                                                        Page 76 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
