                          TRANSCRIPT
fact, it seems that we don't really have enough meetings in our schedule to
complete things by the 2016 end deadline. That's a consideration. One of
the things about the kind of housing. As was mentioned by somebody, we
can't have housing for everybody. We just can't. If we did have housing for
everybody, we'd have to have schools for everybody. You can build two-
story school buildings, but you can't build two-story playing fields. As long
as we decide that we want to have playing fields and schools, which I think
we do, and as long as we want to have enough square footage for that,
that's an important issue. One of the things about this is that we want a
diverse community. One of the things about a diverse community is having
housing for low-income housing and below market rate housing. Right now,
even as we as a City increases its housing impact fee on office space to $20
a square foot, that equates to one housing unit for 100 new jobs, which is I
think too low. We need to think about how many housing units we do add
as we add new jobs. That ratio is not very good. In terms of thinking about
where we want housing, I've been long talking about housing needs to be
near services, and transportation is just another service. If you put housing
near West Bayshore, that means more cars on the road, because there's no
transit, there's no services, there's no shopping, there's no schools. It's just
cars. Therefore, we need to think about not putting housing—distributing it
around as Don Wheaton talked about in his talk a few years ago, "Winds
with Change," but really putting them centralized near services where things
go and so that we can do a better job of having those housing units not have
to add so many cars to the road, but they will add cars to the road and they
will have cars, a lot of them will. We can't stop people from having cars.
We don't have a real way of saying, "You can live here, but you can't have a
car." Maybe that works in San Francisco because there's no place to park
and there is great public transit. It doesn't work as well in Palo Alto, so I
think we need to think carefully about the kind of housing we put and what
the scenario is. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: These were really thoughtful comments. I think the Council
really values not only the time you've been putting in but the thoughts that
you provided us this evening. I think that's really why we opted to extend
the time for your comment period. On the one hand, five minutes times 15
people is a lot of time. On the other hand, five minutes for all the time you
put in and five minutes to share your thoughts with us isn't a lot of time. I
think this was really valuable. Now we have to figure out how we wrap up
tonight. That's tonight as opposed to tomorrow morning. Part of what the
Staff really needs is some additional feedback on what we're doing on the
EIR. One thought that came to me is perhaps it would be helpful to explain
some distinctions between project and program EIRs. I know that I've got
some colleagues who want to wade in, in particular Council Member Berman
passed on the first go-round, so I want to let him go first. I did want to just
                                                                             Page 80 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
