                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Arthur, I double checked my notes. That's what I
have in my notes as well, one-third is more accurate. Doria Summa,
welcome.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council and Staff. I want
to thank Staff. I know how—I should say I'm a member of the CAC, but I
am speaking for myself tonight. I know how hard Staff has been working,
because I know how hard we've been working, and we just get one side of
it. I am very concerned that we're moving ahead with scenarios that do not
represent the full range of options that the residents of Palo Alto want.
Leaving quality of life of the conversation is a terrible mistake. These are all
high growth options. Right or wrong, I'm just saying we're not considering
everything. I also feel like I'm looking at six different bags of groceries. and
I need something from each one, and I can't combine them. It's very, very
difficult to look at this, and that's why I'm speaking in generalities. I share a
lot of the concerns of the previous speakers, especially about Code
enforcement. I worry about relying on ABAG projections when they have
been known to be inaccurate in the past. The sustainability claims are
untried claims. We don't really know what it means. We don't know how
the S/CAP relates to the Comp Plan. We haven't really even honed in on
performance measures. I hate to say it, because I don't want to slow down
the process. I know you guys want to get something done. I know Staff
wants to get something done. I'm on the billions of subcommittees that
Shani mentioned. I don't see how we can evaluate how the performance
measures work when we haven't yet decided what they are. I think there's
too many maybes and too many untried assumptions. As I understand it—
I'm not obviously an expert on CEQA—there's too many untried assumptions
to make a good CEQA analysis of what all these impacts will be. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bob Moss, to be followed by
Mark Mollineaux.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I agree with
the comments that Arthur Keller made about items that are not being
properly addressed like the cost of new housing. As you know, every new
housing unit costs the City more than $2,700 a year more for services than
it pays in taxes. It just goes up year after year. Another thing that's
important to bear in mind is applying a zone doesn't build anything. There's
a mysterious force called the market that decides what's going to actually be
built. You talk about building smaller units. I'm not sure that there's a real
market for smaller units. Let me give you a couple of examples. There's a
development along El Camino and El Camino Way and there's another one
along San Antonio near Middlefield. When they were developed years ago,
they were at much lower densities than what's allowed in larger units. The
                                                                          Page 39 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
