                          TRANSCRIPT
situations, whether they be Mountain View and Los Altos and Menlo Park or
whatever that subset may be. Has there been any discussion about doing
this on a sub-regional level?

Mr. Ramberg: I haven't been part of those conversations. I haven't heard
of that discussion. To clarify also, the study that was done is in your packet.
If you're curious, it's Packet Page 444, the presentation that was presented
at the Cities Association of Santa Clara County. Packet Page 447 starts the
summary of the study. The study had to do with Santa Clara County. I said
regional earlier. I just wanted to be more clear. It's actually Santa Clara
County. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Ramberg: Mayor, if I could, I'd provide one additional answer to the
earlier question from Council Member Wolbach. To concur with what Council
Member Kniss recalled, looking at a press release from Santa Clara County
in December 9th of 2014. It said that the living wage Ordinance by Santa
Clara County was adopted, and it was put at $19.06 as a living wage in
Santa Clara County.

Council Member Wolbach: That's escalated since then from CPI?

Mr. Ramberg: I'm sorry?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mr. Ramberg: It does not say that there's an escalating factor there. I can
continue to look.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time, we'd like to go members of the public.
We have 15 cards, so each member will have up to two minutes to speak.
Our first speaker is Robert Moss, to be followed by Paul George. Welcome.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. As you know,
the Bay Area has the highest cost of living in the country. Palo Alto's at the
top of that expense. While $15 an hour—a raise of over 36 percent in 3
years—sounds like a lot, it's really a pittance. People can't live on that in
this area. I think that's the very least we can do, is raise that wage and
make it a little less uncomfortable for people to work here and live here. It
appears they're not going to be living here; they'll be living in Tracy or 70-
80 miles away and commuting in because you can't afford to live in Palo Alto
if that's your only income, that $12-$15 an hour. I think it's an appropriate
action to take. I think it's going to help some people. It's not going to help
a lot of people. It's not going to help them as much as it would be nice to
                                                                        Page 72 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
