                          TRANSCRIPT
park space. Even while we debate how much our population is going to
grow in the future, it is going to grow. We want to make sure that we don't
diminish the ratio of park space per resident. I think that's absolutely
important. I encourage working with Planning and the rest of Staff to
explore how we can leverage the demand for development to extract
resources to pay for new facilities, new land, new parks space and/or also
working with philanthropic opportunities. I think that's important going
forward.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just quickly to support some of the comments
you've already heard. Number one, demographics. I'm concerned that the
City forecast for population growth is dramatically different than the School
District. I don't know what that means for young people in terms of
planning.     It would be good to state explicitly somewhere what your
assumptions are so we can have that clear in mind. Second issue is
accessibility. I notice on Page 401 you have a list of draft criteria. There
doesn't seem to be one of accessibility. That's Page 11 of your Staff Report.
Let me just mention five or six Items that occurred to me around
accessibility. One, the Cubberley issue has been mentioned. It's hard to
look forward. The playing fields are so important for kids around town. The
possibility of losing access to those. I know right now the School District has
the gyms and recreational spaces. As they start planning, those might
disappear. What do we do? Access of course to other schools is important,
especially the high schools. There's a whole set of issues with the school.
Access to the Baylands is striking. I note that the Mountain View Baylands
always has four to five times the number of people that the Palo Alto
Baylands does, especially Byxbee Park. The question is why, what's going
on. I note also that the traffic crossing at rush hour is virtually impossible.
I wonder if that begins to undermine the golf course, the recreation fields
and use on the Baylands. I'm concerned about the Baylands. New parks,
one of the areas opening up probably is the easement of the Federal
Telegraph building, which is in the middle of the park. Are there plans or
discussions on how to use that? I note at Arastradero, I've been turned
away a number of times on the weekends because there's no parking. There
is a parking space behind bars which they say is not open except for special
parties. Does it make sense to open that? There seems to be substantial
demand for use of Arastradero. It's a beautiful park. Would seem to open
up for more people. Finally, the 7.7 acres in Foothill. We are regular
visitors to Foothill. I think over the last 18 months, I've looked for an
opportunity when that might be open and available for people to just walk
around and see it. I know we have some important public decisions to make
about how to use that. We can't do it until we get a study done, but in the
                                                                       Page 103 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
