                          TRANSCRIPT
definition of business or trade school. I believe that definition would allow
for the type of classes or school that you're describing. That is a permitted
land use in the CD district. If there are certain types of schools that you're
not interesting in promoting, then that would be some good direction for us
to get, so that we can look at that too.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I was just going to say that I know that this
might not be a unanimous position on the Council. My view is that yoga
studios and gyms are—whether it's less than 15 people or more than 15
people—I actually think add a lot to the vibrancy of retail areas.

Mayor Burt: That sounds like comments.

Council Member Wolbach: Are we still on questions?

Mayor Burt: We are.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm sorry.

Mayor Burt: We haven't heard from the public yet either. I have a few
questions. Under the education definition, does it take into account current
or evolving education forms of virtual schools? I suspect it was designed
around a period when schools meant you had those students onsite, whether
they were trade or K-12. Do we make distinctions?

Mr. Lait: You're right. The Code isn't that contemporary with respect to the
definition of schools. When those come to us, we would have to make some
kind of a determination. Perhaps there's an opportunity to clarify that.

Mayor Burt: On this issue of some of the personal services of salons, gyms,
spas, manicure, those kinds of things, do other cities have restrictions on
the number per block face or something like that, that prevents being
overwhelmed by those sorts of uses?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. In fact, our own Cal. Ave. regulations.

Mayor Burt: We did a little bit there.

Mr. Lait: We recently did that.

Mayor Burt: Is it more common than that?

Mr. Lait: I think it is. I think there are opportunities to limit the number of
types of uses that you want. I'm familiar with one that wasn't—it was a
                                                                       Page 68 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
