                          TRANSCRIPT
fund it correctly. I think Mayor Burt hit it right on the head when he was
talking about the TMA people thought about it in terms of the constraints
they believed they were acting under. What we need to do is think about
how much money do we need, what would that take to do a robust program
that works. I don't want to do a program that really papers over the
problem, that we have something but nothing really changes. I think we
have to go big on this and try and solve the problem. For me, that says how
much money do we need to fund the transportation needs. That's the
starting point. Then we design a tax around it to raise the right amount of
money that gets us to where we want to go as a goal. Then we put in the
exclusions that other people have talked about. Retail exclusions, for
instance, they already pay sales tax. I don't know what the number is. I
don't necessarily want to say, if it's an employee head tax, what that
number should be. I think in Cupertino they're grandstanding a little bit,
frankly, over $1,000. I think we should recognize that. Barry's running for
Assembly; I think he's grandstanding. I think this could be a very, very
important thing for getting our transportation done. We have to think about
it in a thoughtful way. I think Mayor Burt's correct that polling is the first
thing we do. We don't want to jeopardize the VTA tax. We should say that
right off. I actually disagree with Tom here. I think we want to go to the
voters and be very clear what it's going to be used for and that it's going to
be used for transportation and this isn't going to be siphoned off to just fund
the General Fund. First of all, I believe that philosophically it's better when
you go to the voters that you don't want to just say we want more taxes
because we can spend more money. Second of all, I think when you do go
to the voters that way, you lose. I think you want to be really careful about
what you go to the voters for. I think the Mayor should form an ad hoc
committee. I think that would be the right way to go. I think we should get
on this and start thinking about it as soon as possible. We may choose not
to go forward this year. We may choose to go forward next year, for
instance, where we don't have a companion measure, where it's a straight
say this is for transportation. I think all that's decided by the polling, and
it's decided by what we figure out. That's my thoughts on it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I guess just a reminder to start out. We were just
back in DC, the Vice Mayor, the Mayor and I. I guess I simply have to
remind you there are so many cities that would give a great deal for our
problem.    There were workshops being held on how to attract more
businesses into your community. It's always interesting to come from this
area where we take, I think, a great deal for granted. In 2011, I was on the
Caltrain Board, and we almost shut down Caltrain. That's a little more than
5 years ago. There weren't enough riders to sustain any long-term plan for
                                                                         Page 82 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
