                          TRANSCRIPT
Lucinda Lenicheck: I'm so delighted to be here. I thank you all for you
thoughtfulness. I've been here since—hours and hours and hours. I loved
hearing about the bicycles. I salute you. My family has been at 342 Oxford
Avenue. This is the middle block between the railroad tracks and El Camino,
one block in from College Avenue. We are as far as the eye can see on both
sides of the street chrome, glass, metal, cars. Every day. I teach cello. My
music students come; they go looking everywhere for parking. If they can,
they come into my driveway; they check with me. I have 76-year-old cello
students. It's not fun for them not to be able to park near my home. I
wanted to say that the notion that we could be annexed to College Terrace's
plan, we have already done all the studies, incorporated all the information.
We're trying to make this as easy and as quick as possible and painless and
effective. It's been years and years and years that we've been in the
process of hoping to have our situation remedied.          I was absolutely
astonished when the Downtown area got themselves a parking program. I
thought, "Where did they get a parking problem? We've had it for years."
All of a sudden, theirs was remedied. I really hope that you can take care of
Evergreen Park. I hope you can take care of Southgate because we do not
want neighbors pitted against neighbors. We all have problem. I thank you
very much for listening to our concerns.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Paul Machado, to be followed
by Mike Meffert.

Paul Machado: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Not long
ago the Jay Paul Company proposed the largest PC project in the City's
history. Seeking residents' acceptance, the vice president of the company
held two community meetings. He started meeting with a map and picture
of the project that illustrated how close the bus stops and train station were
to the project, like the residents didn't know. He was trying to sell residents
on the idea of TDMs. During the second meeting, a resident said to him,
"This project like all the other projects in town is under-parked. Your project
is massive; therefore, it is massively under-parked. I live near your project,
and already I cannot park in front of my own house because cars park there
all day every day. What are you going to do about it?" The vice president
said nothing. I cannot prevent my tenants from parking in front of your
house all day every day unless you have a Residential Parking program.
Without it, TDMs don't work. My little neighborhood, Evergreen Park, has
worked very hard on a simple and streamlined RPP proposal. We are simply
asking for the same program that our neighbors across the street have had
for years. The program has not harmed businesses, but it has protected
their neighborhood in compliance with the City policy. Tonight we are asking
for annexation of our neighborhood into the RPP our neighbors have with the

                                                                        Page 85 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
