                          TRANSCRIPT
that came out was that ultimately everybody loved the idea of improved
wayfinding. They loved the idea of parking branding. Everybody loves
parking guidance systems. Maybe not everybody loves parking access and
revenue control systems, maybe not yet. One of the things we decided to
do kind of out of that stakeholder engagement was actually split these
projects up. We moved forward with the wayfinding and the parking
guidance systems projects. What we've done is we've actually sort of put
the parking access and revenue control systems for the garages on a
separate track. The reason for that is ultimately a couple of things. People
are still hesitant about the idea of paying for parking in the garages.
Additionally, this year we are embarking on what we're calling the Downtown
Parking Management Study, which is going to look holistically at parking
pricing and regulation sort of all throughout the Downtown core. A lot of
folks sort of felt that it makes more sense for us to charge for parking on the
street before we charge for parking in the garages, because ultimately we
want to direct people to fill up the garages first, before we have them park
on the street. Because of that, you can see we've kind of split the projects
now into two separate tracks. We're going to give you an update on the
parking wayfinding and the guidance systems this evening. The parking
access and revenue controls will be sort of explored in tandem with the
Downtown Parking Management Study which we'll be kicking off later this
month. That's sort of an update on how we got to where we are. I'm going
to hand this over to Sue-Ellen so she can give you an update on the
projects.

Sue-Ellen Atkinson, Parking Operations Lead:          Thank you.     As Jessica
mentioned, the existing parking wayfinding in Downtown is, at best,
inconsistent and perhaps confusing also. We have some snapshots of
different existing signage within the Downtown area. Upper left corner the
banners that are up in the parking lots that are difficult to see from afar, and
they don't identify which lot you're in.        We also have the waist-high
monument signs outside of each surface lot that are very difficult to see
unless you're right up next to one. We also have several—on the right-hand
side you see the parking signs that direct you in three different ways to find
parking, which when you're driving can be downright confusing when you're
trying to decide if you're going left, right or straight when you're told to go
all three ways. We also have different signage at each of the garages. The
first thing that our design consultant did was to look at what's actually on
the ground and how that can actually be improved. We've all experienced
being on University Avenue. People don't know where to go to find parking.
They're seeing these signs that tell them to go to the left, to go to the right.
What our consultant did was look at how we could cohesively put together a
parking brand that would be easily identifiable as a parking garage that's
associated with the City and also placing those signs in key decision points
                                                                          Page 43 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
