                         TRANSCRIPT
General Plan purposes in Palo Alto, you might have a VMT within a city limits
metric if you wanted.

Mr. Milam: Yeah. If you think about your General Plan, VMT is a composite
metric. It comes out at the end of the planning process. Once you've put all
the land uses that you want in there and you put in your transportation
network, we run these models and we forecast the future. What comes out
of it is the total amount of new VMT that you're going to generate. You can
express that as VMT per capita or some other form. You can also think of it
as a VMT budget. Every city and county in this state right now has a VMT
budget based on the allowed amount of growth in their General Plan.
Whether they want to convert that to a CEQA threshold is part of the
equation here with 743, because they haven't had to think about it in that
context before.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, did you have something else before ...

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Kniss: I just want to go back to this regional issue for a
minute, which is Packet Page 48 and 49. It says you go further and say that
"while a regional model has a boundary, the MTC" and so forth. Is that one
that you would suggest using in this case or are you just saying this is a
possibility, it could be used? I don't know how far you were saying
something like this. The regional issue is so interesting.

Mr. Milam: It's one of the models available. The VTA model, the MTC
model, they're both regional models encompassing a large area, basically
encompassing the entire Bay Area. There's also the California statewide
model. All those models do have a boundary. The statewide model stops at
the state line. To the extent that we're trying to do our best of accounting
for all of the VMT, you want to use the best available data or the best
available model. Those may happen to be the best available at the time. In
the future, we may even have better models.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. I appreciate that further answer.




                                                                      Page 29 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
