                          TRANSCRIPT
entirely? Has that happened in any other city? Rarely. A quick comment.
We heard from Stanford tonight that they got the ZIP Codes of all the
regular employees. The survey was definitely interesting, about 12 percent
overall participation rate. It would be great to see if you could get
anonymous ZIP Codes of just as many employees as possible.

Mr. George: We're working on gathering as much of that information as we
can with respect to the folks' information. I can volunteer that I'm the small
employer at the table. With a tad under 35 employees at my business, my
team represents 14 different Zip Codes. I think if I'm a representation of
other service businesses in Palo Alto, we can add many numbers to that list.
The pilot of offering 100 percent subsidy to those low-income workers that
drive in to work at coffee shops and restaurants in Palo Alto in an effort to
get them out of their cars is really tied to our desire to show you that people
can change and appreciate working in Palo Alto regardless of what's
happening with those permits years down the line.

Ms. Silvani: We do have a little bit of Zip Code information both from the
Mode Split Survey that was done last May, and we'll have it again this May.
We also are running that information against the RPP holder blind Zip Codes,
so that we can really see, as we target our transit subsidy pass program,
those Zip Codes where there's already good transit usage, which means that
transit exists, it's working for people. We're correlating the RPP holder ZIP
Codes against that as part of the design of the transit subsidy program so
that we can really offer it to people for whom it offers a great value.

Council Member DuBois: Stanford said that they included Palo Alto in the
south. Actually I think our numbers lined up exactly with their numbers, 50
percent South Bay. If you throw in Palo Alto, that's where we were. 20
percent Peninsula, 10 percent San Francisco is very close. Comment,
questions. The Board size does seem small. It's hard not to compare since
we just heard from Stanford. The 12 largest employers seemed very
impressive. Definitely would like to see more participation. I think a larger
size Board would make sense. Definitely would like to see a business plan
tied to financing requests. Curious how free commuter passes was selected
as the first pilot. As somebody receiving a free pass, it'd be hard not to like
it. I'm just curious why we immediately jumped to free transit passes.

Ms. Silvani: The free passes are really to be a powerful incentive to move
the needle immediately to get somebody to say, "I'll try this," and to have a
big enough carrot that it's worth it for them to try. We know that the bulk
pass program that costs $15 a month for somebody who works for a big
company and costs 90-plus a month for the poor guy who works for the tiny
employer, that's one reason that the part-time, lower-income people don't

                                                                         Page 42 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
