                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: It's move of approval of the Consent Calendar with the
exception of Item 3. Council Members Kniss, Holman and Schmid have
moved to have Item Number 3 removed, which passes the Council
requirement of three members to request removal of a Consent Calendar
Item. Mr. City Manager, do we have any—I take it that we would not be
scheduling it this evening.

James Keene, City Manager: We would not be in a position to—first of all,
the Agenda is too busy for the rest of this evening for us to schedule it, let
alone being sure that we've got the requisite Staff here. There is some
possibility, but I have to work with the Mayor on this schedule after tonight,
for the meeting on the 25th, which would be next week. We are looking at
trying to add a Closed Session at 5:00 P.M. and starting that meeting. If we
can do that, we also may have enough time, depending upon other decisions
you make tonight, to carry this forward to the meeting on the 25th. That's
when it would be. If we're not able to, we'd find another date after that.

Mayor Burt:     I might add for Colleagues that our protocols strongly
encourage Council Members to notify the City Manager in advance of
intention to remove an Item from Consent. That would mean that more
than one would have to. If only a single Council Member intended to
remove it, we would not have it removed.           In those cases, it would
potentially enable an Item to be heard that evening, depending on
scheduling considerations. In this case it's a moot point.

Council Member DuBois:       The Clerk just reminded me that there are
speakers for Number 3.

Mayor Burt: Excuse me. Before we go forward with a vote on it, we actually
have two speakers who want to speak on Item Number 3. Our first speaker
is Michael Hodos, to be followed by Richard Brand. Welcome. You have up
to three minutes to speak.

Michael Hodos, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 3: In spite of the
fact that the Item's been removed from the Agenda, I thought I'd take this
opportunity to point out five deficiencies in the plan that we've observed
over the last several days that we've had a chance to look at it. The plan as
proposed is based on parking patterns that were evaluated in mid-February,
that do not reflect new parking patterns and incentives that are likely to
emerge with the rollout of Residential Parking Program (RPP) Phase 2 that
began April 1st. Enforcement actually began today for the first time, at 8:00
this morning. As a result, the data that is currently used in the Report does
not reflect the new parking patterns and incentives that are certain to
emerge in the weeks ahead as the ten new RPP mini zones and associated

                                                                        Page 12 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
