                          TRANSCRIPT
giving visibility and action with your endorsement and help. We're asking
you to seriously consider not contracting out and to keep Palo Alto's animal
shelter a Palo Alto community animal shelter and acknowledge the great
work of the employees who work there now. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stephanie Munoz, to be
followed by Mark Mollineaux.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. You
know Measure A passed, and that's a great thing. There was a remark by a
very respected person who has been elected to the Council. Since she got a
lot of votes, I think we should really pay attention to what she's saying. I
respect her, but I think she's wrong. She says we can't expect to house
everybody. Yes, we can. That's the responsibility of a civilized city, that
everybody will have some kind of shelter from criminals, from cold and the
elements in general and some place to perform bodily functions. I think
everybody should have some kind of shelter, not necessarily a palace. I
think that we should look at what the resources are and use them very
wisely. First of all, Measure A is not the only Measure A. There's something
I might call Measure A1. That resource is the power of the City Council
selectively to enforce ordinances, which you do all the time. You often make
exceptions to the setbacks, to the height, to the this and to the that. If you
judiciously use these exceptions to make it possible for people to have their
own place, I think that will be very well done. What I mean by that is older
people—I'm one of them—do not need a family room, a dining room, a game
room. They need a room like a hotel room. You can make it possible for
everybody who has Social Security to live in a place with 200-square-foot
rooms. I believe that it will be acceptable. This is the new thing. I believe
it will be acceptable if you have them all with a façade of a very large
balcony which is gardened. If the City were to take an interest in these
gardens, like they would have the equivalent of a green wall, that would be
attractive to the other people in the City. I hope that doesn't sound silly. It
seems to me that a great deal of your housing efforts have gone toward
making low-income housing look really nice, so it will blend in with high-
income housing. Isn't that true? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Our next speaker is Mark Mollineaux, to be
followed by Larkin Lapides.

Mark Mollineaux: Hello there. My name is Mark Mollineaux. I graduated
from Stanford, and now I live in Redwood City. Last week I spoke several
times here to the Council about the nature of Proposition (Prop) 13 and its
effects on Palo Alto, how it has led Palo Alto to, despites its best efforts—
they do try very hard—it still leads Palo Alto to contribute to pollution and it

                                                                          Page 12 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
