                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Schmid, if I can interject. This was really
one of the first accomplishments of the steering committee setting up the
TMA, to do the first statistically valid survey of Downtown employees. It's
exactly what the Research Park is going to do this spring. They're following
in our footsteps, if you would, on an employee survey of mode share.

Council Member Schmid: Is the second survey funded by the City as well or
is it taken over by the Board?

Ms. Gitelman: We're proposing that the City continue to fund this survey, it
continue to be something that's done by an independent research firm,
statistically valid, to give us the data with which to monitor the effectiveness
of the TMA.

Council Member Schmid: That's helpful, but it does have an increased
financial contribution by the City. The third question then is goals. Once
you get the survey and get data and you set your future goals, are they
voluntary or mandatory? I noted that when the City had one experience
with TDMs, with 101 Lytton in 2012 when they established goals, they had a
clause in there that there would be penalties based upon the in-lieu fees for
falling short in the survey. Will there be something like that inside the
mandate for the TDM?

Ms. Silvani: The TMA has no authority to mandate penalties. What we will
be doing is we will be offering education, information and programs like
transit subsidies and special promotions like the $1 a ride for the carpooling
programs. We'll be doing things like that, but we have no authority to
penalize someone who either doesn't participate or participates. The only
thing we'll be able to do is not give, say, an employee who doesn't agree to
our terms of using transit, say, three times a week, we won't give that
employee another pass. We don't have any authority. We're not a city.
That's a City question, I think.

Council Member Schmid: I see a discrepancy between the Council setting
quantitative goals for the RPP on an annual basis depending upon a survey
for is the TMA working but having no clout to make it work, to help it work,
to provide a stick.

Mr. Mello: I think having the TMA available as a resource to property
owners, employers, developers will give us another tool in our toolbox to
encourage compliance with TDM plans. A lot of developers and property
owners struggle with doing those promotional activities and encouragement
activities. The TMA is going to have a dedicated staff and resources to do
that. I think we have an opportunity to push some of these large employers

                                                                          Page 56 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
