                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Winter Dellenbach to be followed by Herb Borock.

Winter Dellenbach: Hi. Winter Dellenbach. Want to remind you 10 years
worked at Mid-Peninsula Citizens for Fair Housing, dealt with housing
discrimination laws. I wasn't planning to come here, jumped in my car,
roared down here. I kept hearing the word preference. I came down here,
and I kept hearing it and hearing it. Protected category, class, protected
class. I started to get more and more jumpy. I don't think any of you
should get excited and be making any sorts of judgments and decisions
about all of this stuff. Preference is a rare thing. It shouldn't be thrown out
like confetti. People that have preferences, seniors, families, protection
against discrimination for families with children, people with disabilities have
certain protections. Those are exceptions. They are not the rule. I'm
hearing preferences just like preferences galore for firefighters, for this, for
that. I counsel you please back off, be very careful. You have legal counsel
that can actually give you firm legal advice once they get clear, do the
research if there's any sort of workforce protection for a private developer
who's going to profit mightily from this rather than a nonprofit developer
such as Stanford that can maybe have certain legal protection and rights to
do that. A two-bedroom apartment under your own law in Palo Alto—
9.74.030 says that you cannot require less than a minimum of two people
per bedroom in this town. I heard one of the presenters tonight say
something like there's not going to be children here and all this sort of stuff.
If this is any kind of a model for what's coming our way, please know that
there is no way to prohibit parents with children from living in this housing,
older people. This idea that this is millennial housing, that this is young tech
worker housing—I find that personally extremely offensive. Housing is
housing for people who need housing. If a parent wants to live in a one-
bedroom unit with a child, by law they get to do that. Otherwise, it's
discriminatory and yells lawsuit at me. Be very careful when you consider
this housing and who's going to live there. Everybody gets to live there.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by
Ken Allen.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members, this is not micro housing.
The housing at Alma Place or at the Opportunity Center is micro housing.
The reason they don't have very many cars is because they're poor people.
It's for low income and very low income people. That's the reason they
don't have cars, not because of where it's located. In regard to the previous
speaker, you can't discriminate against families with children. In this
isolated location for a family with children, they will need cars to get to
school and to take children to activities. The options that Staff has offered
you for changing zoning is Planned Community zoning by another name.
                                                                         Page 26 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
