                          TRANSCRIPT
patiently for the scheduling of the review committee, makes a verbal
presentation which, by the way, is about four hours long. The Chief sat
before his review panel for 3 hours, and I think it was 43 minutes, if I
remember correctly. And be interviewed by the committee. If the candidate
is successful, they are notified of their success and receive the Fire Chief
Certification. With almost 1,000 fire departments in the State of California,
if you consider each department has a fire chief or a fire executive officer,
with the dedication required to complete the process for a Certified Fire
Chief, you can see why there are only 30 in the State of California. Tonight
it's with great pleasure that I have the opportunity to present to Chief Eric
Nickel the prestige of being the 31st Certified Fire Chief in the State of
California. Chief Nickel, I'd like to present you with your certification and
your Certified Fire Chief collar brass. Congratulations Chief.

Mr. Nickel: Thank you. I'll take a quick moment. Mr. Mayor, members of
the Council. First off, I'd like to thank Chief Hoover for taking the time out
of her busy schedule to come down from Sacramento. I also want to thank
all of you, the Council and the City Manager, for your shared investment in
professional development. Finally, I'd like to express my appreciation for my
wife, Mariana, and my daughter, Bella, who are sitting back here. This
career capstone serves as my professional commitment to our community.
Education and professionalism are two key values of the Palo Alto Fire
Department. You will find dozens of these same commitments from the
100-plus members of the Fire Department. For example, Deputy Chief
Catherine Capriles just finished her second year in the Executive Fire Officer
program and wrote one of the first research papers on the importance of
good data collection and measurement in the fire service. Essentially, you
can't improve your performance if you can't measure it. Deputy Chief Geo
Blackshire will complete his Fire Service Executive Leadership Institute later
this year, and he's already being asked by other agencies across the country
to share our secrets of our diversity recruitment process. These two elite
programs are very competitive, reflect well upon the City of Palo Alto. We
can all appreciate the price; they're free. Finally, Battalion Chief Kevin
McNally was recognized this last week in Orlando, Florida, for his Fire Officer
designation by the Commission on Professional Credentialing. He joins a
small group of approximately 340 officers across the country who have
achieved this designation. What does all this mean to the community? In
an era where experienced fire officers are retiring, our community is gaining
better trained and more experienced fire officers who are dedicated to
continuously improving the Fire, Rescue and Emergency Medical Services
Department.      This support better serves the evolving needs of our
community. We define excellence as making progress towards the worthy
goals of community risk reduction, superior community service and
enhanced operational efficiencies.       We're passionate about continuous
                                                                        Page 24 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
