                         TRANSCRIPT
That's two trips instead of one for the non-Uber driver. Another problem is
you have no way of enforcing the occupancy or the actual price of the units.
You have never done that in the last 40 years. When somebody says,
"We're going to have this for all low-income people," and when they don't do
it, the City sends them a nasty letter saying, "You're terrible people. You're
not complying with what you said. Tsk, tsk, that's awful of you." Of course,
the developer sobs and cries while he's putting his money in the bank. I
would suggest that you require they do something almost unprecedented in
the City of Palo Alto: comply with the Zoning Ordinance, the CN zone, the
Comprehensive Plan and development compatibility with adjacent buildings.
Wouldn't that be remarkable?

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Hamilton Hitchings, to be followed by
Winter Dellenbach.

Hamilton Hitchings: Hi. I'm Hamilton Hitchings. I'm a member of the
Citizen’s Advisory Commission (CAC), but I'm not speaking on behalf of
them. One of the things we're trying to do as the City of Palo Alto is refocus
the development on what the City needs most and work with developers
who understand what's needed and are willing to work with the community.
I'm a residentialist, so I'm usually on the other side from developers. I
actually like these guys. I think there's a lot of potential to work with them
to build the kind of project that this City really needs. I think to make this
successful we would need to make a few changes. By the way, it's a great
location if you work in Stanford Research Park or California Avenue (Cal.
Ave). There's a problem because Cal. Ave. parking is completely saturated,
so any spillover is going to have a significant negative consequence. There
is an easy solution, and you're not going to like this. You just remove the
top floor, then it's a 1:1 parking. You increase the unit size by 100 square
feet. You get your guest parking. You put in the deed restriction. You do
those three things, this project will work. The other thing to keep in mind is
if we look at other comparable units of this size, like Carmel the Village,
they're renting for $3,000 to $6,000. Unless you have $3,000 a month to
spend, you're not going to be able to rent these units probably. However,
because we're rezoning it, we can impose requirements on them in
exchange for the rezone. They've already said that they would be interested
in above the requirement for below market rate. As part of the public
benefit, rather than making the ground floor some kind of retail thing, I
would encourage a 25 percent below market as part of this rezoning. This
will help people who are working in this community, who might not be able
to afford it otherwise. Another thing I want to speak out against is ground-
floor retail. This is a really lousy spot for ground-floor retail. The other
thing to think about is pumping. Remember, if you go down a second floor,
you're going to have to pump a lot of water out on that (crosstalk).
                                                                       Page 25 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
