                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Medical offices frankly and adding schools where they're
not currently allowed. I believe commercial recreation in the Downtown core
might need—does it need a Conditional Use Permit? That would be a
change. I actually do think—I had my light on this—that we need to fix the
yoga exclusion. I actually think we should allow yoga studios without a
Conditional Use Permit. I was going to actually mention that, but I don't
want to go to full-scale gyms, which is what the ...

Council Member Wolbach: But not on University itself?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Right now, under the Motion as it would go
forward, if somebody wanted to open a small yoga studio, small martial arts
gym, something small like that, off of University Avenue, would they be
allowed to or would they need a Conditional Use Permit?

Mr. Lait: Today we would allow it if it's 15 or fewer, but I would like the
guidance from the Council about how to address that when we come back.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would support that, Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: I think 15 is too small. … class of 20 people ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would…

Council Member Wolbach: ... that shouldn't be prohibited and shouldn't
require a Conditional Use Permit on a side street, like on Hamilton or on
Waverley, off of University Avenue. I think it's too restrictive.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Make a Motion, make an amendment. I'll accept it. Do
you want me to do it?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm sorry. It's two hours past when we were
supposed to wrap this meeting up. My brain is not working as well as it
sometimes does.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    Outside of University Avenue, in the Downtown
business core, we would allow—what's a good term for yoga ...

Mayor Burt: …GF District.

Council Member Wolbach: It's commercial recreational, right?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, it's not commercial recreation, because that's a
gym. What would you call the ...
                                                                    Page 101 of 111
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/17/16
