                          TRANSCRIPT
should we think about this? Is that something we really ought to worry
about or it's not going to be a big deal? What do you think? How should we
think about that?

Mr. de Geus: We have a great new levee system. We're getting (inaudible)
I understand, so that should protect the golf course and the athletic center
for most of the potential flooding.

Council Member Filseth: You think it's a non-issue.

Mr. de Geus: I don't think it's an issue.

Council Member Filseth: Good. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you and good work. I've stated before
that—I'll just state it again—I don't think 20 years is a long-range plan. I
don't think it's likely that we're going to update this again in 20 years.
We're going to have development outliving, out-persisting our Parks Master
Plan. I still suggest that whatever we determine in terms of policies here,
that it's a 50-year plan. We can always amend it. We can always update
and revise it, but this needs to be a 50-year plan. I couldn't be more serious
about that.       Thank you, Council Member Filseth, for nodding in
acknowledgement of that. As to how to get more kids in parks, I say plant
trees, add donkeys, add kids and mix thoroughly. It works very well at Bol
Park. Everybody seems to benefit and is happy about that. I absolutely
support keeping our current ratio of parks to residents. I think it's critical
that we do that. If we lower that ratio, we're just lowering our standards. I
really appreciate Council Member Schmid's comments about structured play
versus pick-up time. I grew up in a small town, and it was also a different
time. A lot of the recreation was pick-up time. You know what? It was
creative time. It was healthy, creative, stimulating. It's when kids learned
how to solve problems. It's how kids learned how to get along with each
other. It wasn't so structured. It was hit the ball, go chase it. It was
whatever it was. Whatever it was, I could go on and on, and I don't need to
do that. I think it's really important that we just have space where people,
including and maybe especially kids, can just be kids, learn, experience,
grow, nurture each other and be the creative beings that they are. I've
heard a lot of people say this, and it's my thinking too. I think five years old
is probably my favorite age for kids. I love five years old and younger. Five
is kind of the crest, and then kids start getting beat into shape. I don't
mean literally beat. They get formed and kind of conforming. If we don't
have space where kids can just be kids without structured play, we're going
to as a culture and a society be much less and a lesser community and
                                                                        Page 16 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
