                          TRANSCRIPT
hour parking restriction similar to the existing one hour restriction near
Gunn High School. Based on positive input at that meeting, Staff sent an
online survey to the full neighborhood last week, but the majority of
respondents thus far are not supportive of the idea. The Council received at
least one email over the weekend in this regard. Based on this input—I did
not have those results until late today—I did want to inform Council that we
will not be proceeding with any one hour parking restriction. We will go
ahead with development of the RPP program design concurrent with a
number of other activities. We'll continue to meet and talk with Palo Alto
High School. We have been working on adding parking along El Camino Real
between Embarcadero Road and Churchill Avenue, increasing the amount of
parking available for Palo Alto High School. Staff will host a focus group for
residents related to the Evergreen Park RPP later this week to receive input
on its program design. Staff expects to bring a resolution on the Evergreen
Park RPP to Council in November. In addition, Staff will be responding to
any Southgate residents who wrote to raise a concern about the 1-hour
parking restriction concept and saying that that is off the table. Tonight's
Council packet includes an informational progress report on our new zero
waste collection and management program for organic materials, which
means yard trimmings, food scraps and soiled paper. Since its beginning in
July 2015, participation in this single-family, residential, food-scrap
collection program has soared to over 60 percent, and more than 1,500 tons
of food scraps and soiled paper have been diverted from garbage cans and
landfills towards composting and soil augmentation.               This level of
participation, you will be happy to know, is among the highest in the entire
state of California and is unusually high for the first year of a program. The
Council also adopted a new composting ordinance this year that requires all
commercial customers to subscribe to compost service.                 It's being
implemented in three phases. I'm happy to report that 100 percent of the
664 Phase 1 customers have now added compost service and have their
green carts. Phase 1 includes our biggest customers including restaurants
and multifamily complexes.       Full compliance was achieved by the last
customer earlier this month, a bit after the April 1, 2016 deadline but
without the use of any formal enforcement or fine. A lot of great uptake by
our community in this important matter on our path towards zero waste.
Both our residential and commercial organics are going to a dry, anaerobic
digester in north San Jose, which moves us ever closer to the energy and
compost production goals of Measure E adopted by Palo Alto voters. These
early results are very encouraging and continue to make us a leader in the
state and the nation. Lastly, the Stanford-Palo Alto community fields turf
replacement project was completed on August 12th. The park is back open
to the public.      The parking lot is scheduled to be slurry sealed on
September 1st. The 45-day improvement project was completed on time
and on budget. The fields, originally constructed a decade ago, have never
                                                                          Page 6 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
