                          TRANSCRIPT
Special Orders of the Day

2.    Community Partner Presentation: West Bay Opera at the Lucie Stern
      Community Theater.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Special Orders of the Day which is a
presentation by a community partner, West Bay Opera located at the Lucie
Stern Community Theater.

Rhyena Halpern, Community Services Assistant Director: It's my pleasure
again to introduce our presenter. We have tonight with us Jose Luis
Moskovich who is the General Director of West Bay Opera. He's been the
Director since 2006.      Under his leadership, the company began a
turnaround, eliminating operating deficits and returning to financial stability.
As you know, the West Bay Opera is one of three of our theater partners
who performs at the Lucie Stern Theatre. With that, I'll turn it over to Jose
Luis.

José Luis Moskovich, General Director, West Bay Opera: Good evening,
Mr. Mayor, members of the Council. It's a pleasure and a privilege to be
before you again. Happy new year. As Rhyena has already said, we are the
local opera company. We are currently celebrating our 60th anniversary.
We started performing at the Lucie Stern Theatre 57 years ago. I have a
very short presentation I'd like to show you. Sixty years doing opera, the
second oldest opera company in the West in continual operation after the
San Francisco Opera. What's the secret of our staying power? It's the three
keys to our success. We put on quality productions and engage top artists.
That's not something we started doing lately or on my watch. This was
really the hallmark of the very first productions put on by the founders of the
company, Henry and Maria Holt, back in the 1950s. It does take high
quality productions to attract an audience and attract donors, especially to
create the sense of civic pride that I believe is so important in getting people
to support the local performing arts. We bring outstanding stage directors
and conductors and designers for all of the areas of design that are involved
in opera, costumes, sets, makeup, lately video projections, the things that
technology brings in, and singers that are active nationally and even
internationally with companies like the Met, like Chicago Lyric, like Houston
Grand Opera and many others, and some international artists as well. As a
matter of fact, the production we have later this month, opening on the
19th, the lead soprano is somebody who sang at the Bolshoi Theatre in
Moscow. These are people that are high quality artists we're bringing to the
community. Many of them actually live here. The second key to our success
is our community engagement model. For every production, we have over
100 people involved. Many of whom are volunteers from the community.

                                                                         Page 16 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
