                         TRANSCRIPT
states that any time it exceeds 18 1/2, the City Manager has the discretion
to recommend to you to send that money to infrastructure. That's what this
did. These are huge numbers and a huge difference from what we used to
do 20 years ago. It allowed us to fund some of these programs. I think you
did the right thing by having such a policy.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm sure we did the right thing. I'm not worried about
that. What you're really saying is I'm wrong. That's fine; that's good.

Mr. Perez: No, I'm saying that ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine. If you look at those infrastructure transfer
out—are you basically saying that we probably met our expense Forecast in
2014 roughly?

Mr. Perez: No, we had some savings. We've had savings over the last
couple of years in expenses because of vacancies. For a while there, we
carried quite a few safety positions.

Council Member Schmid: Are you saying we're below it? This was the
original question. We have these graphs. In 2014, you did the Long Range
Financial Forecast. That predicted in 2016 our expenses would be wherever
that orange line is, which looks roughly say 170 million. Are actual expenses
on the purple show about 190, but you're telling me we may have put 15 or
20 million into infrastructure, which gets it back closer to what we thought
that would be. That's really my question.

Mr. Keene: There's two things. In general in these recent years, we have
been over-collecting revenue in relation to our estimates, and we have been
under-expending expenditures but not to the same degree that we've over-
collecting revenues. That's the point. With that gap, for the most part
we've been taking that and expending it. When you look back at it, you
actually go, "We've actually spent more because we put that one-time thing
aside." I'd just like to say one thing in relation to the Vice Mayor's
comment, thinking about what are the big things that this says about how to
guide us. That's what I think the point of the Forecast is. We've done a
really good job, as much as we can, of allocating one-time revenue blips or
growth to one-time expenditures and investing in infrastructure that, say,
has a long-term payoff. Secondly, we have, whether it was in the years of
cuts or whatever, really tried to hold down the number of new positions that
we bring on. I'll be honest with you, hardly any of the positions we bring
on—almost every single one of them is directly connected to an enhanced
responsiveness or service that the community is demanding, whether it's
right now in the area of growth and planning and parking and those things
with Staff or some capital projects. I say no to lots of other position
                                                                      Page 95 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
