                         TRANSCRIPT
'60s, weren't built with the adequate amount of parking per current
standards.

Council Member Kniss: There wasn't any negotiation or agreement you had
to make with the city?

Mr. Spieker: No. These were all grandfathered in.

Council Member Kniss: I would agree. I remember the first place we rented
here. It was very small. Thank you for that.

Mr. Spieker: Sure. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to check on the process with the
Mayor. Questions and comments at this time or just questions right now?

Mayor Burt: Questions. We're going to hear from the public, and then we'll
give our input.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for clarifying that. Actually maybe a
couple of questions for the applicant and also a question or two for Staff, I
think. In looking at your parking spaces—I might have missed it—did you
include any designated parking for motorcycles or scooters or design it in
such a way that one parking space rented, say, by one tenant could easily
park a car and a scooter has enough space for that? I ask because
obviously motorcycles and scooters tend to take up much less space. You
can either squeeze them in a lot of parking space with a car or fit three or
four bikes or scooters into one space.

Mr. Spieker: It's a great idea, and it's something we've talked about. We
wanted to get as many parking stalls as we could. We're open to discussing
how we can work with that. Obviously there could be someone that doesn't
own a car that has a scooter just to go from Point A to Point B.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm also thinking about if have, say, a couple
living in a unit that might decide they do want to pay for a parking space
and have a car, and then one of them also rides a scooter or a motorcycle.
They don't need a full two spaces for that. I'm thinking about how that
might work.

Mr. Spieker: I think that would work practically, but from a Code standpoint
I think we'd have to work with Staff on that.


                                                                      Page 19 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/12/16
