                          TRANSCRIPT
Amy Sung: Good evening, Mayor, Council Members, City Manager and Staff.
My name is Amy Sung. I am here tonight to represent only myself as
somebody that lives in Palo Alto. I'm also a local realtor. I fully support all
these wonderful ideas and Climate Action Plan. I am supporting it from
another angle.      I am here to oppose the mandatory point of sale
environmental upgrades. It is for practical and simple reasons. First of all,
is it going to create a—it is really burdensome of the homeowners. Many of
our sellers in Palo Alto are cash poor and house rich seniors. If it becomes a
mandatory improvement, that means that a seller will have to make
construction before the home is on the market for sale. That will slow down
the sale. Also it will oftentimes create waste. What happen is that
oftentimes the buyers purchase a home in Palo Alto with the intent to
remodel. If that is the case, the first round of this upgrade will create
waste. That in itself increase the greenhouse gas pollution. I also wanted to
say that probably I think that if this Sustainability and Climate Action Plan is
important, it should apply to all and not mandatory to apply to the
homeowners who are selling their homes. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Heywood Robinson to be followed by Doria
Summa.

Heywood Robinson: Good evening. It's nice to be here. I was on the Menlo
Park City Council in 2008, the same time as Yoriko was over here. We
followed on the heels of Palo Alto and formed a Green Ribbon Citizens
Committee. We couldn't use the exact same name; we copied plenty. I just
want to commend you for continuing to carry the torch that was started
decades ago, the environmental leadership in this area. We really do look to
Palo Alto to really push the needle and really lead, both here from the dais
and also from the community and from Staff. It's really wonderful to see
such a bold Staff Report that goes beyond things that are easy to do. I'll
note that many of the ideas here are things that have been discussed and
kicked around and proposed for many years. Many of them are not easy.
Adina pointed out many of the important things and important area of
transit. So much of our energy goes into transit. As we electrify that
becomes even more challenging to the burden that puts on our electric grid
and that infrastructure. We're going to have to plan for that. It also means
that we really need to think about how to make public transit really work.
Adina mentioned Caltrain; we love Caltrain. It's great, but it's only one line
up and down the Peninsula. We need other public transit to be part of this.
You have a Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) proposal here in Santa Clara County.
It's certainly not an easy thing. I don't envy you trying to wrestle with how
to balance that, but it is something you need to take a close look at. Finally,
I'll just finish by saying the late Steve Schneider [phonetic], a former
Stanford professor and member of the Integrated Pollution Prevention
                                                                          Page 40 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
