                          TRANSCRIPT
look certainly at neighborhood context in terms of mass, scale, the use,
pedestrian orientation. Certainly traffic and circulation management would
be a very important component of the project if it were to move forward.
There are other issues that were identified in the Staff Report like potential
construction impacts if the project were to move forward. With that, I'd
gladly answer any questions. The applicant is here. I think they have about
30 minutes to give their presentation. Rob Zirkle from Brick Incorporated,
who is the architecture team, is here representing C.M. Capital. Of course,
we certainly would appreciate any comments from Council and the public.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Shall we go ahead and hear from the applicant
first, and then we can go into Council questions and comments? All right.
The applicant, according to our rules, has how many minutes to speak?
Three.

Rina Bhagwati, C.M. Capital, Applicant: Hello, my name is Rina Bhagwati.
I'm from C.M. Capital, the owner of 550 Hamilton building. I'm their
managing director of real estate. On behalf of C.M. Capital, I would like to
thank Mayor, Staff members and Council Members for consideration and
giving us the opportunity for this project. Let me turn to my architect, Rob
Zirkle of Brick, to talk more about the project. Rob.

Rob Zirkle, Brick Inc., Architect: Thank you. Rob Zirkle from Brick. It's a
pleasure to be here. I've had the good fortune of working in Palo Alto for
several years now, and it's a place I really love coming to and doing
business in. It's fascinating and interesting the evolution of land use politics
over these last several years. There's a very mobilized and concerned
constituency here. As somebody that makes their living working in the
public realm, I'm a wholehearted believer that the projects that we get to do
are better for that process. It's in that spirit we're here to talk to you
tonight.    This intersection of Hamilton and Webster is really at the
intersection of a lot of important issues that are being addressed by this
Council. Many of those issues are important to the surrounding neighbors
and the community. The site in question here, seeking to vacate an old PC
zone, to replace it with something we're drawing from the Code. The CD-
C(P) zone is mandated in our Zoning Code here. It's consistent within the
neighborhood. What it allows for is a site that's large like this to really talk
about the convergence of land use interests here, in this case, particularly
commercial development and residential development.              A key to a
sustainable future in the region that we live in, this City for sure is the
balance of housing and of jobs, proximity to transit and walkable streets.
This project is trying to move forward and answer some of these questions
and pose some of these questions and get your feedback as well. In looking
                                                                          Page 4 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
