                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I know. On Page 388, I actually agree with Karen.
Where we say enhancing the quality of life in Palo Alto neighborhoods, we
clearly want to do that. I agree it just should be in Palo Alto, because that's
what we want to do. I actually think that was a really good catch. On Page
422, I think, under Goal T2 where it says Policy T2.1, I personally think we
should take out red light and speed enforcement cameras. We don't have
any in Palo Alto. There's been no push to put any in Palo Alto. I don't think
we should be putting that in the Comp Plan. I also agree with Tom on T3.1
that we should put the language back in there, avoid major increases in
street capacity when constructing or modifying roadways except as
necessary to reduce traffic congestion. I think that's important. Page 434.
On Page 435, Program T6.1.2, develop, distribute and aggressively promote
maps. What we really want to do is promote people to know where the Safe
Routes to School is, shopping, etc. I don't think anyone actually uses a map
anymore. I think we could create paper maps; I think that's sort of what
that looks like. I think we might need an app or something. I don't know
how we phrase that, but I really don't see how handing out maps to people
is going to actually do anything, other than maybe create litter in our
streets. I'm concerned about that. Let's see. On the adult crossing guards,
I think it's a good idea to have adult crossing guards. I'm happy to pay for
them at this point, but this is a long plan. I'm not so sure we should lock
into us paying for it rather than sharing the cost with the School District.
"Provide" may be—maybe add some language in there, provide with the
School District. Have them there, but I don't want to lock into that Palo Alto
pays for it forever. On Page 438, I underlined encourage MTC to base its
regional transportation plan on compact land use development assumptions.
I don't think necessarily that's a bad thing to say. I just don't think it really
means anything, given where MTC is going to be—where it is now and where
it's going to be in the foreseeable future. I think there's zero chance that
MTC is going to be out there saying, "Let's go build down in Gilroy and
beyond, and let's build in the Central Valley." I think it's more things like do
you favor a big cities scenario where all the growth goes in the big cities or
do you favor more growth being spread out in the big cities plus the
Peninsula and the East Bay. Those are really the discussions that are had
there.     I don't think this hurts anything necessarily, but I think it's
completely irrelevant. I mentioned T72 where it says discounts for taxis. I
just wanted to make sure we catch that on Page 437 earlier. Council
Member Holman mentioned something interesting. She said when we look
at lift parking, lift parking doesn't work for retail. I think I'd agree with that,
it doesn't work for retail. Retail is actually more complicated than that. I
think we want to have policies that encourage retail. In the Land Use
Element, for instance, I would say policies that encourage ground-floor retail
throughout the City where feasible or something along those lines. When
you look at transportation, for instance, I think in the Downtown parking
                                                                          Page 111 of 120
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 9/19/16
