                          TRANSCRIPT
week, same time. Scoop is a more on-demand. It's through a mobile app,
and it allows people to say, "I'm going to San Francisco in an hour. Anybody
need a ride," or "I need to go to San Jose in an hour. Anybody going
there?" I need to make a distinction; it is not an Uber/Lyft-type system. It
is actual people who are going where you need to go. It's a carpool that it
does indeed save trips. For the months of April, a typical ride will cost $5 on
Scoop. We're subsidizing that, so any ride's $1 to get a lot of people
interested in that system. The TMA is also doing a similar promotion, so
there's a nice synergy there. It's totally feasible that somebody who's
coming in from Berkeley could find somebody on Scoop, drop them off in
Downtown Palo Alto, and head out to the Research Park. We're glad to be
able to facilitate that at the same time. We're also hosting a corporate bike
forum in May. We're going to have representatives from over 50 companies
come out to the Research Park and share best practices on how they
increase the number of employees bicycling to work. We're hosting a VTA
workshop in June. This is open to the public, and it's going to be an
opportunity for our commuters to provide input to VTA on service
enhancements that they are planning for 2017. Another program we are
working on is piloting a long-distance commuter bus for the west side of San
Francisco. I emphasize the west side, because we have a transit first policy.
We don't want to compete with Caltrain. If that's the system that's working
for people, great. We do know the west side of San Francisco is a tough
commute. For somebody to wind their way across to the Caltrain station,
take the train, take our shuttle versus just hopping on 280 in their car, we
know what they're going to do. We want to fill that gap and provide an
option there. Most of our employers do not have enough employees on their
own along a corridor in San Francisco to run an efficient bus service, so
we're partnering with them, bringing a bunch of them together to start a
bus. Not only does it make it more cost effective, more employers can
participate. We have a really good chance of filling up these buses. We're
going to be conducting an employee commute survey in April.                 The
Downtown TMA did a really great job on their survey, so we're modeling
ours after those. We look forward to having that level of information to
further help us refine our program. We'll learn current mode share. We'll
learn what options most people are interested in, what their obstacles are,
what we could do for them. The other really nice thing about a commute
survey is that it's a great outreach opportunity. To be honest, the survey is
going to be the first time that some people have thought, "I could do
something else besides drive alone." The survey will incorporate things like
our trip planning tool and give them an opportunity to request specific
information. As you can see, we have a lot in place and a lot more planned.
Our general focus for our transportation efforts in the Research Park is we
want to support our large employers, so they can be as effective as possible.
We want to engage our small employers with plug-and-play programs that
                                                                         Page 13 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
