                          TRANSCRIPT
units, particularly to the point where middle income folks, teachers, other
School District staff, City Staff and so forth, are going to be able to afford
them. I'll give you another example. The lady next door to me rents out a
studio over a garage; it comes with the garage. Tiny place. It's over $3,000
a month. The guy that lives there, a nice kid from Texas, works for Google.
That's almost a micro unit there. I think there may be good reasons for
micro units, but it's certainly not proven that affordability is going to be one.
I think right behind that is sort of this idea that if we have micro units, then
we're going to have RM-80 zoning as well. I think that's a separate issue we
need to think about as well. The second thing I want to talk about in terms
of affordability is one thing that doesn't get mentioned too much is that a
major component of the cost of housing in Palo Alto is actually the brand
image of the Palo Alto School District (PAUSD). A couple of years ago, Anne
Duncan who used to be the District analyst estimated that on average being
inside Palo Alto School District boundaries added $500,000 to the price of a
home in Palo Alto. That seems like a lot of money. Yet, if you look at price
per square foot in Palo Alto versus neighboring cities, Menlo Park is 25
percent less per square foot than we are. Mountain View and Redwood City
are less than that. A bunch of that can be attributed to the School District.
My point is that just building a lot more market rate housing isn't going to
reduce that. You're still going to have that unless you build so much that
you trash the school system, which obviously we're not going to do. Again,
I'm not saying it's all roses for the market rate people, but I think our focus
as Council, particularly given that we just approved a big increase in market
rate housing availability, (inaudible) on Weekly said was the laser focus on
the affordability problem (inaudible). I realize that's a really, really hard
problem. Who's going to pay for it is inevitably. If we want to be in the long
term a moderate-density, family town with great schools and great services,
then we want these kind of people here, and they can't afford to live here
now. I actually think this is the formative housing problem here in town. I
hope as we go through these things and the Comp Plan and so forth, that's
the filter we ought to look at that. Is this going to help us achieve that end?
Again, I think the market rate folks—it's not perfect, but they've got options.
I think this is where the focus needs to be as we consider accessory dwelling
units and micro units and so forth. The question we've got to ask is, is this
going to help us keep people in town who can't afford to live here right now.
Thanks very much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a couple of general comments. We heard a
lot today about affordable housing, a balanced, diverse community. I think
that the heard of a lot of the residential concerns is traffic. Community
survey certainly says that. Our 3:1 ratio that we are a major commute
                                                                         Page 89 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
