                         TRANSCRIPT
we'd have to spend a lot of money to get under Alma and Caltrain. I think
our logic was let's build something that's functional and usable as a first
phase. What we came up with was D, E and F. That's not to say that B and
C could not be advanced in the future when some of those constraints go
away.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, Chris, welcome. Glad to see you
joining.     Council Member Wolbach touched on it.         Meadow was only
mentioned briefly in the report, even though I think it was one of the options
that we recommended back in November. I guess kind of a broad question.
Why wasn't Meadow actually considered as the connector and been kind of
split off at this point?

Mr. Mello: The direction that we got from Council in November was that
Meadow was kind of a separate—we were directed to look at the Matadero
Creek Channel and then a parallel collector street, either Colorado or Loma
Verde, and then an add-on to that direction was that we also advance East
Meadow Drive. We've been doing that separately, and we will be coming to
you with a concept plan for East Meadow, but it's not ready today.

Council Member DuBois: If we wanted to, could the grant money be applied
to the Meadow improvements? Especially if it's connected to the bike
bridge.

Mr. Mello: We could request that the funding be used. Given the fact that
it's not quite adjacent to the Matadero Creek Channel, it may be a bit of a
stretch. We haven't been able to get any clear direction from the County as
to what would be eligible and what wouldn't. I think they're really waiting
for the results of our Feasibility Study.

Council Member DuBois: I thought the grant—remind me if this is wrong—
was the Bay to Foothills. Was it also tied to the creek?

Mr. Mello: The grant application specifically highlights that this will be the
Bay to Foothills connector. Like I said, I think we could certainly request
anything we'd like. We could send a request in for any use of the funding.
I'm not 100 percent confident that East Meadow would satisfy those
requirements.



                                                                       Page 29 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
