                          TRANSCRIPT
and they're important, then we ought to build a facility into our Codes that
you can do them, so each of these doesn't have to come to Council and sort
of get crafted. You guys would be able to say, "We know that's going to get
done," whether that's by an overlay or some other mechanism. I think we
ought to do that. This is a Study Session, but I think as part of this we
ought to ask the Staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission
(PTC), if we think this is important, please go come up with a set of
guidelines for how we're going to do these things. This is what we do, make
laws. Hopefully we'll come up with sort of a standard way of approaching
this, so they don't require PCs or one-offs or something like that and nobody
knows what they're going to get. That would be my preference for how to
approach this. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Interesting project. It's a great location, and the
need is certainly high in Palo Alto. It's good to see Palo Alto Housing back in
the active market. I think we've already gone over a lot of the PTOD issue,
which I think is an important one. Tell me. Right across the street of
California Avenue is a fairly dense project. I think it's called—what—Palo
Alto Central. Do you know how many units per acre that has?

Ms. Lee: Actually we do not know. We've studied it, and it does look like
it's a rather tall project. It would be terrific to find that research and trace
down the history of that project.

Council Member Schmid: I think there are a good number of people there.
It might be interesting for compatibility purposes to know that. You don't
mention it explicitly, but I assume the Housing Corp. owns that land
currently.

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes.

Council Member Schmid: You don't have to worry about any purchase of
land. Would that fit under the $170 limit that Mountain View is working
under? $170,000 per ...

Ms. Gonzalez: The unit costs change every year. We're hoping it's ...

Council Member Schmid: In general, would it seem to fit under that?

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes. Not having the land cost definitely helps.




                                                                         Page 15 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
