                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to see if Staff had an answer.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If they don't, that's fine, if there's no burning reason
why we would need to do this.

Mr. Lait: Just one piece of information for the Council to be mindful of. The
ability to request a hearing, which is free, and the ability to appeal, which
does cost, could only be made by adjacent and abutting property owners.
That's usually the person right next door to the property that's being
developed. It's not that if you're down the block and you have an objection
or across the street and two houses down, that you can appeal it. You
cannot. It's only those abutting or adjacent properties.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just a couple of thoughts real quick. I did spend
some time going through the whole neighborhood. It's very intact, very
mature, a lot of trees. Only 19 two stories out of 200. Those 19 are
compatible. I don't think there have been any tear-downs at all. That was
really the thinking behind this interim SSO, to give us some time to work
through this. On the IR side, we have had, I think, also concerns about
follow-up. Even once an IR is approved, what gets built—a lot of times once
it's built and the neighbors see it, I think there's still a fair amount of
unhappiness. Again, can you just clarify. When you say adjacent, because
these are some pie-shaped lots. Any lot that has any point touching?

Mr. Lait: If they're shared property lines. If you come to the corner point of
the property line or you share a property line. Actually we have a practice of
extending that property line across the street as well to the intersecting
points that would be across the street. It's this buffer.

Council Member DuBois: I'm still in support of some interim protection. I
think Council Member Kniss said it kind of splits the difference. It gives
some protection while we're figuring this out rather than making people be
vigilant and go through this process over and over.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Actually I'm going to repeat what I said earlier
about appeals. We have an Individual Review process that allows for
appeals, for appeals to be brought to the Council. We still have the same

                                                                       Page 81 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
