                         TRANSCRIPT
reinforce what I think the intent of the Colleagues' Memo is, to make an
intra-county, inter-city transfer of water legally sufficient. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sean Charpentier, followed by
Carol Lamont.

Sean Charpentier, City of East Palo Alto Assistant City Manager: Good
evening. My name is Sean Charpentier; I'm the Assistant City Manager in
East Palo Alto. I'm here tonight to thank you for the Colleagues' Memo and
mention that we look forward to working with the City of Palo Alto to resolve
this issue.   We appreciate your interest in it. Just as a little bit of
background. The City of East Palo Alto in the last 10 years has consumed an
average of 95 percent of its SFPUC allocation, and in some years has
exceeded it. As a result of that, the City Council adopted a moratorium on
new or expanded water connections in July of this year. That moratorium
does have an impact on us. It is precluding us from proceeding with one
affordable housing project, a private school project, and two commercial
development projects. It is having a significant impact on us at every level.
We appreciate this and look forward to working with the City of Palo Alto.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Carol Lamont. Welcome.

Carol Lamont: Hello, Mayor and City Council Members. I'm going to read
tonight, because it's a little bit late and I'm tired. I'm speaking to you
tonight as a long-term resident of Palo Alto and on behalf of the Housing
Leadership Council of San Mateo County on whose Board I serve. The HLC
is the only nonprofit organization that is dedicated solely to the production
and preservation of quality affordable homes in San Mateo County. Tonight,
we urge the City Council to approve the transfer of a small portion of Palo
Alto's abundant water allocation to East Palo Alto as soon as possible. I've a
long history of working to expand the supply of affordable homes, including
in East Palo Alto, where I served as Co-Chair of the Regional Council's East
Palo Alto Task Force to bring Federal funding and expertise to this
community, which was recognized by all Federal agencies in the region as
one of the two poorest communities in the Bay Area. I also worked in
philanthropy for years, investing in solutions to housing needs. I worked for
the City of East Palo Alto to help stabilize and prevent the displacement of
residents. In 1998, when I first came to work in East Palo Alto as a
community builder for Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) during Bill Clinton's tenure, I came to see the remarkable
determination and resilience of the community. I also came to recognize the
many hardships imposed on this community by surrounding cities. On my
first day as a community builder in East Palo Alto, a resident gave me a tour.
The first thing he showed me was how the creek that separates San Mateo

                                                                        Page 74 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
