                          TRANSCRIPT
first bullet on the slide, namely the extension to 2060. Sounds like a long
time away. If you're spending millions of dollars as Mountain View is, they
want some assurance that this is going to be a continued ability on their part
to have this water. The current Basic Agreement with Mountain View goes
through 2035. If you accept this amendment tonight, we'll be bringing you
a companion amendment to the Basic Agreement which will also extend it to
2035. They have to operate together; one isn't—I'm sorry. What did I say?
The current agreement is 2035; tonight's action takes the recycled water
agreement to 2060. We'll also then be bringing you a companion Basic
Agreement modification to 2060. Sorry I misstated that. That's the first
bullet. The second bullet—we'll probably get into a discussion about this
tonight—is related to the charges to Mountain View or any user for the
water. To date, principally because the amount of use has been relatively
low and the hassle of charging for water, we've not charged Mountain View
for the water. We'll get into more detail on this. You can think of it in three
parts. There could be a commodity charge. There could be an operation
and maintenance charge.         There could be a capital charge for future
projects. We'll probably end up talking about all three of those. The plant
was set up in such a way that the incremental cost of providing recycled
water from the plant—again this speaks from the wholesaler perspective of
the plant. This isn't the retail cost of what Mountain View or Palo Alto might
charge customers. From a wholesale perspective, there actually was hardly
any difference between achieving a level of water that we could discharge to
the Bay and achieving a level of quality that we could provide as recycled
water. That incremental difference was extremely small. To date, we've
made the judgment that frankly it wasn't worth the time and energy to try
to put a fine point on that and execute a operation and maintenance cost.
We've always told Mountain View that's going to change because the amount
of use is increasing, the costs are going to increase, just even the operation
and maintenance costs are going to increase. We'd better set ourselves up
for a future where we have costs. We've established a new principle in this
agreement tonight which is that Mountain View will in fact pay for the—let's
think of it as the operation and maintenance costs of the water. That would
occur at least by 2020. It really means for us that we need to get started on
this right away and have studies. Maybe we'll do them internally, maybe
we'll hire a consultant. We've got to determine what that equitable and
expense-based cost will be for Mountain View. It'll take us a while to do
that. The agreement tonight just sets up a situation where we'll be doing
that in 2020. That's the second bullet. The next bullet relates to a different
kind of cost. We've got this system, but actually parts of it are many years
old now and are going to need capital replacement projects to keep our
existing recycled water system going. In tonight's agreement we're also
clarifying that when those replacement projects occur, they have to be paid
for by the partners that are actually having a capacity allocation of recycled
                                                                        Page 55 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
