                          TRANSCRIPT
for the site. The price would have come down significantly if that 16.5 cent
number was reduced. When you talk about the taxpayers, the residents of
Palo Alto subsidizing this, I asked the question how much was that. I think
it was about 10 cents a month. I may be off on that; I don't know what the
number is. Give them a voice and ask them if that is a significant amount
for them to not support this program. I would just suggest that we see this
thing out. Once these sites are developed, the whole City's going to take
notice of this. People are going to walk down University Avenue, and they're
going to see these carports. At that point, what's going to happen is the
commercial market may potentially open up. The people that own buildings
here may see, "That's possible to actually develop a carport on my property.
The City did it. Maybe I can do it." I don't think it's going to bring in other
developers, but what it's going to do is it's going to actually give confidence
to the commercial property owners here to actually have that discussion. I
urge you just to keep it in place for a little bit longer, see what happens.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.      Craig Lewis to be followed by our final speaker,
Bob Moss. Welcome.

Craig Lewis: Thank you, Mayor, Council Members. A pleasure to be here
again.    The Clean Coalition, my organization, develops projects and
programs for municipalities and utilities across the country. We work
primarily on procurement programs like Palo Alto CLEAN, interconnection
streamlining programs to make sure that the interconnection processes can
be done cost effectively and smoothly. We also do community microgrid
work. All of which we have done in some form or fashion here in Palo Alto,
including helped design the Palo Alto CLEAN program initially, starting about
five years ago. The real question you have before you tonight is do you
want to get local solar in Palo Alto or not. If you want to, if the answer is
that you want to, then you need to keep this program, the Palo Alto CLEAN
program, in place in its current form at the current price. As we've heard,
the cost of that to the average ratepayer is less than 10 cents a month. It's
negligible. What we need to be thinking about is what does the next
program after Palo Alto CLEAN look like. Let me tell you what I think it
needs to look like. It cannot be another Net Metering program. It has to be
another Palo Alto CLEAN program. The reason for that is the only way that
Palo Alto is going to fulfill its four percent local solar goal is to open up the
commercial market segment. That is the only segment where we can get
the rooftops and the parking lots that we need in order to fill the volume of
local solar that we need. If Sven is successful getting the electric vehicle
segment really moving here in Palo Alto, we're going to need a lot more than
23 megawatts of solar. The electric load is going to go way up as we move
into the transportation sector. I think the utilities, their projections for
                                                                          Page 62 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
