                         TRANSCRIPT
includes also improvements to this historic building, and that includes adding
a basement, which includes repair of the foundation to the building, adding
and rehabilitating character-defining features of the building, so bringing
that back to its initial status. The HRB recommended that the project is
consistent with the Secretary of Interior Standards, and they also
recommended that the third floor of the building be reduced, and that's
where we got the reduction of a few feet. While there's no impact as
indicated as a result of the size or addition of any proposed square footage
for the project, there were mitigation measures in place for the construction
of the project. These mitigation measures include having a qualified historic
architect onsite providing training, providing oversight during the
construction phase of the project. With the (inaudible) of the property, the
entire property becomes a historic property. However, only the historic
building would be protected and maintains this protection as long as the
building remains eligible. The next concern was about the second-floor
terrace windows, and that is located on your diagram with the red circle.
It's a second floor. The purpose of this terrace is to add an onsite amenity
to the project, to the office component. In addition, there were also
concerns about the placement of the windows in the second floor. They
were in direct sight of the residential units behind. The property does
include an odd shape, so that terrace would affect people on the left, the
rear and the right side. Both the left and right portions of the terrace would
include a 10-foot landscaped area. There'd also be rear landscaping at the
ground level. Through the ARB process, the Board recommended that
automatic shades be included as part of the project, increase landscaping
between the project and the neighboring properties. These elevations don't
show those landscaping on the terrace or on the property; however,
landscaping is a critical requirement of the transition in the Zoning Code
between this project and other neighboring residential projects. The project
will include it. The next has to do with parking. The appellant did have
concerns about the location of the garage entrance for traffic delays and
pedestrian safety and loading and parking. As I mentioned before, that
ramp is along the Kipling entrance. Using standard analysis, the traffic
memo that's in your report included that there would be no level of service
delay. As proposed, the project improves the safety for cyclists along Lytton
because it does remove that curb cut. The study did find that there was
more pedestrian and cyclist activity along Lytton during the A.M. and P.M.
peak hours during the week than there were on Kipling. Kipling did rise on
the peak during Saturday, but that's when the office is closed. The project
is a mixed use, and loading spaces are considered on a case-by-case basis.
The project does eliminate the curb cut along Lytton where there's no
parking allowed right now in front of the project. Those time-limited loading
space would provide a publicly accessible space where none exists. In
conclusion, we do have a recommendation to direct Staff to prepare a
                                                                        Page 23 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
