                          TRANSCRIPT
necessarily. Certainly we're looking for them to do more, but this risks
overloading them. I think it's premature.

Mr. George: If I may offer. Our Interim Executive Director has expertise in
the Emeryville shuttle and the Mission Bay shuttle in San Francisco. Not to
volunteer Wendy's services, but she has expertise in this area that might be
able to help Staff.

Council Member Wolbach: Again, I'm not saying that we would want to
move forward with it. For exactly this reason, I think it is worth exploring or
at least consideration of at a high level.

Mayor Burt: I would just say that I think having the TMA be part of our
discussion on where we go with the shuttle will be appropriate. Proposing
specifically to explore transferring it to them at this point in time, I wouldn't
support it.

Council Member Wolbach: Would you be willing to second it if we change it
to that language?

Mayor Burt: I don't know that that needs to be in a Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me turn to Staff then. You've heard some
discussion about it tonight. In order for this to be even considered as part of
the shuttle discussion that we'll hear coming back in November and the
long-range planning for the TMA, do we need something in a formal Motion
or have you heard that there's at least some interest in exploring it?

Mr. Mello: I think we've heard you loud and clear. We'll be looking at
different financial scenarios and different operating plans. I think some may
be appropriate for the TMA to potentially operate, and others we may have
to think about different arrangements.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll withhold that as a separate amendment for
now. We'll maybe pick this back up in November. Thank you.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “direct Staff and PATMA to explore
outsourcing the operation of the Palo Alto Free Shuttle to PATMA.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think we all see the value of a TMA for
Downtown and what it can do. What's going to make it work? I think that's
                                                                              Page 81 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
