                          TRANSCRIPT
Loma Verde. Matadero Creek is a wonderful industrial solution to flood
control, and it's an eyesore. It has nothing to do with recreation in a wild
and scenic nature. Loma Verde is actually quite beautiful. Here we look at
some details. Algal blooms, weeds in the channel versus property owners
making beautiful scenery for people that might be riding through there. The
next thing I want to look at is the degree of dangers, particularly to school
children riding but also to everybody else bicycling. What I see is we have
inter-block, that is in between block, crossings necessary to implement the
Matadero Creek plan. In one case, the one which I measured, it was only
206 feet from one stop sign to the next vehicle control area, and that is
going to cause anxiety, anger, frustration, confusion. That is not a safe
condition. In fact, in my opinion, it's much more dangerous than a few
driveways, even if a few is 56. The next thing I want to look at is, is it a
decent connector. I think both. Here's a map that shows both routes, both
connecting routes. I think both of them are excellent connectors. They both
go to the edge of the Baylands, to the edge of U.S. 101. They're only about
a block apart, in fact, a little less than a block apart. They're parallel. One
is beautiful; one is ugly. One could be safe, and the other is not going to be.
I want to look at construction cost, and this will bring me to value
proposition. One is upwards of $5 million, and the other is probably a
million and a half max. There's operating costs, and the operating cost to
manage the complexity of the Matadero Creek project is going to be much
higher. Finally, Matadero Creek is not a natural creek. It's not a riparian
environment. It's an industrial solution. I think we'd be much better off to
celebrate the flood control it provides. I happen to be a homeowner on that
creek, so I'm very, very glad that it's there. To create a beautiful and safe
connector along Loma Verde Avenue. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Our next speakers is Sherrie Furman, to be
followed by Davina Brown.

Sherrie Furman: Good evening, Council Members. I apologize in advance.
My recent foray into the Arctic Circle has left me with bronchitis. If I cough,
excuse me. Anyway, I wanted to say I'm a member of the Midtown
Connector Citizens Advisory Committee as well as the Chair of the Midtown
Residents Association and, thus, have facilitated and been involved in many
meetings on this project over the past several years. Twice now, the
Citizens Advisory Committee, at least the majority of us, have found the
connector options to be infeasible as have the majority of Midtown residents
who have attended meetings and spoken to me. Yet, here we are trying to
push this project through. As far as costs, the Stanford and Palo Alto Trail
Program grant application quoted a cost for this project at $2 million;
however, we're up at least 2, 3, 4, 5 times that now. I always look at the
                                                                        Page 37 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
