                          TRANSCRIPT
positions fulfilled by people who brought expertise in different stakeholder
functions at the same time.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that would be ideal.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:           I appreciate the discussion.    Balancing the
interests is going to be a little bit tricky, because we have so many different
interest groups. I appreciate wanting to add Stanford Hospital. I do not
remember what the TDM requirements that were placed on Stanford
Hospital as part of that approval project. I just don't remember. It seems
like nobody's volunteering that. Also, there's nothing here on how to sweep
up small business representatives. We want them to be part of the TMA and
accumulate their interests, so they can have an impact. How do we do that
and not expand the group to such a large number? They do have smaller
voices; let's just face it. As I watched the TMA on any presentation we've
had on the TMA, businesses seem to have self-selected. It's a decent group
of entities that are participating, but it seems also kind of a self-selecting
process as opposed to an outreach process for how they've gotten
participation. That's also the reason why I especially want to reach out to
small businesses. Having to do with residents, are there particular areas of
town that we want to focus on? Say, near Downtown, near Cal. Avenue.
Are there areas of focus that we want to address when it comes to that
sector of residents? People who live on Middlefield Road, we have a lot of
issues there. Those are questions and suggestions.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'm concerned that the committee buys into a
delay. There's a lot of discussion of other committees. IBRC took one year
three months to produce a result. Cubberley took one year four months to
produce a result. The CAC is one year five months into their process. With
Staff support and discussions and subcommittees, what we're buying into is
2018. It seems to me the committee can't operate effectively without
Council at least giving Guiding Principles on the things are important to
Council. A business tax, will it be effective with RPP? How do we vote on
growth limits dependent upon TMAs? Those are the job of Council, and
Council has to be making those decisions as part of its Comp Plan decision-
making process. It's got to be done in the timeframe that this committee
will be off deciding things. It seems to me we have one clear example of a
successful TMA in town, and that's the SUMC, Stanford Medical Center.
What they have given is guaranteed $2.5 million per year for the next 30
years to offset 35 percent of trips. Now, is this what this committee is going

                                                                        Page 93 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
