                          TRANSCRIPT
dwelling, but most of these residences have multiple drivers which means
that the people who live on this street need to park on the street, which
means that people who work around the California Avenue district push
further out into the residential streets with single-family houses to park.
Here is a photo of Ash at Oxford toward Stanford Avenue. The whole block
is filled; there's only one house on this entire block. It's filled with daytime
parkers. I choose to live in Evergreen Park because of the walkability of the
neighborhood. We try to do the right thing by having dense housing. My
household is a multigenerational household of six on an R-2 lot. We walk
and we bike as much as possible. The kids bike to school. Their father bikes
to work in Mountain View. Inevitably, we do have to leave the house during
the day, and we have to drive. For some things there's just no way around
it, especially for my father who at 70 has only one operable lung. We come
back from running errands or from work, and there's no place to park with
four drivers in the household and several apartment buildings across the
street and all along College Avenue and Ash and across from us on Oxford.
Each apartment has one parking space, but most have two drivers and cars.
Residents need to park on the streets, and employees along California
Avenue exacerbate the parking situation. I myself am deeply entrenched in
the tech community, and I have long embraced the rise of the tech industry
in our community.        I have several friends who work in offices along
California Avenue area. I have invested in some of the companies who have
offices right there. In fact, I joined a startup just three blocks away from
my house, partly because they were three blocks away from my house. I
also teach yoga at Avalon Yoga Center on California Avenue. I see all
perspectives. Let me say this. No one wants people to park in the
residential streets. Of course the residents don't want it, but neither do the
workers, nor the patrons on California Avenue. They feel bad about parking
into our streets. We all sustainable, predictable parking that doesn't reach
into the residential streets. Until you force the issue, they are going to
continue parking here. I mentioned to you the last time I stood up here that
my father had to park four blocks away when he came home from the
grocery store one day. I'll tell you a little bit more about what it's really like
to live here. I get woken up at 1:00 or 2:00 A.M. every night by the man
who parks his car across the street from my house as he's leaving work to
go home. That sound when you unlock your car, it wakes me up every
night. We see cars parked in front of fire hydrants. We have a photo of this
at this website, tinyurl.com/epcantpark. Cars constantly block driveways. I
had a neighbor across the street who had to call the police to help her deal
with a car blocking her driveway. The police ended up helping her negotiate
her way out of her driveway by driving over the curb and around the tree in
her front yard to get out. They ticketed the car that was blocking her
driveway. I was later mortified to learn about this because it turns out that
it was my friend who blocked that driveway when she stopped at my house.
                                                                          Page 81 of 124
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/9/16
