                          TRANSCRIPT
about employed residents to jobs. Both things factor in here. When you see
the supplement to the Draft EIR, the Stanford housing will be factored in, in
the sphere of influence. It's not in the City limits; it's not going to affect the
numbers that you see in Table 1, for example. We will talk about it, because
it changes the jobs/housing balance in the City plus of the sphere of
influence in a significant way. It's 2,000 additional units at Escondido
Village.

Council Member Kniss: That's the number that we've been kind of holding
onto, the 2,000 additional units. Somehow I thought it was more than that.

Ms. Gitelman: It's about 2,000 units at Escondido Village.

Council Member Kniss: A unit is probably a one bed, two bed or do we
know? Maybe we don't know yet.

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know exactly how many beds it is.

Council Member Kniss: Just looking at 2,000 units, and we don't know
exactly yet whether that's one or two beds. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: It's actually in their plan. We just don't know off the top of our
heads.

Council Member Kniss: Exactly.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. When I look at Table 5, adoption of the
S/CAP goal of an 80percent reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emission,
my recollection is our S/CAP is on a total number of GHG emissions, not on a
per capita. Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. It's an 80percent reduction below 1990 levels
by 2030.

Vice Mayor Scharff: How are we handling the issue when we have more
housing units, we're going to have more greenhouse gas emissions
associated on a per capita basis? We could go down per capita—how are we
dealing with the issue that the more housing units you build, the more
greenhouse gas emissions you have? We should possibly be neutral on that
issue. What we want is really a per capita reduction.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we're going to have to analyze the more housing,
fewer jobs combination that's embodied in these scenarios before we can
assume that the greenhouse gases are higher. I actually think they'll
                                                                           Page 28 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/29/16
