                          TRANSCRIPT
million, and we should all be looking at it. If you're voting in Palo Alto and
you have certain privileges, let's say you have $1 million in housing value,
but you pay a couple hundred dollars in property taxes every year, it doesn't
really matter to you. What matters to you is people not being left to leave if
you're already here. What matters is neighborhood character. There's
really no reason people living here should ever have to care about
affordability. The privilege that is bestowed upon the residents, which is the
privilege of not having to care, imagine it was reversed. If they were on the
outside looking in, could they buy their way back into Palo Alto? I'd say they
absolutely would not be. A lot of people are never in the position to consider
people on the outside who don't have the ability to determine these plans.
They are sitting on extremely sought-after land, and they to a large extent
are using it very efficiently. Now, a few meetings ago, like a few months
ago, it was asked of people in the room, is there a housing problem in Palo
Alto. I think less than a third of the people raised their hands. I think that
just shows that of all the people who really should determine the Plan, the
people in Palo Alto are the last people who should be doing it. The zoning
belongs to a state. It's a state power put onto each city with a trust that
they will protect the best interest of the region, of the State at large. It isn't
happening. There are really two paths. It could be determined at a higher
level, the State level. I think that's a bad idea. I don't think centralized
determination of zoning is a good idea. It could happen at the local level
without privileges. People could actually pay for the choices they make. If
you choose to favor neighborhood character, you really ought to pay for it. I
really think that unless we rethink a lot of things we've been living with, like
Prop 13, we're never going to solve any of the affordable problem we have.
I appreciate all the work you do, but it misses the big picture. Thank you for
your time.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Dan Garber to be followed by Bill Ross.

Dan Garber: Thank you. I'm Dan Garber, the Co-Chair of the Citizens
Advisory Committee on the Comp Plan. I had actually prepared some
personal comments that I had shared with the CAC back in August. In
conferring with my colleagues here, I have a couple of comments regarding
the presentation. I want to be respectful of both Staff who has put in a
tremendous amount of time trying to understand all this and condense it and
make all of our myriad comments somewhat coherent. At the same time, I
want to be a little careful, because I didn't come truly prepared to represent
all of these issues this evening. Let me bring to your attention a couple of
different topics on the fly regarding housing affordability. On Page 8, the
first bullet, refer to housing that is affordable rather than affordable housing.
Our memories, of Doria, Hamilton, Lydia, Shani and Don were that
conversation was really about trying to find ways to house the most
                                                                          Page 84 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/28/16
