                          TRANSCRIPT
a hardship.     We disagree.      The definition of hardship, according to
dictionary.com, is a condition that is difficult to endure, suffering and
deprivation.    No income and expenses, I think that fits.              Section
18.85.104(c) of the Ordinance talks about documentation.              We have
supplied all the documentation that the Planning Department has asked for,
and they say we have not offered enough to justify a waiver. We disagree
with that also. We've had to fight for over a year to get before the Council.
We first met and communicated with the Planning Department in June of
2015. We do not believe the Staff did what the Ordinance said and brought
our waiver request to you in a timely manner. Staff says we still don't have
hardship when there's been zero income. We've marketed the property
without a square-foot cost with no takers. The City says that we want retail
in the building, but when a prospective tenant presented a plan to the City
about splitting the building, Staff said no. This is not a retail area. I think
we all know it. I know I have to sum it up, so I'm just going to end real
quick. Please bear with me. This location which is proximal to single-family
residences would not be conducive for a lot of the retail categories that are
listed in the ordinance. We are the perfect building for the RT-35 SOFA
description. We're a single-story building owner. If we can't lease it and it's
a single-story, we're out of luck. Thank you for your time and your
consideration for our waiver.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Next speaker is Soroush Kaboli, to be followed by
Jeff Levinsky. Welcome.

Soroush Kaboli: Mayor Burt, Council Members, good evening. My name is
Soroush Kaboli. I am a resident of Palo Alto, and I've worked as a
commercial real estate broker for over 30 years in the area. I'd like to thank
you for allowing me to continue my comments from our last meeting of
June 20th. Since our marketing efforts have been the subject of the Staff
Report, I would like to offer a quick update since our June 20th meeting.
CBRE commercial and myself and our efforts for 100 Addison have not
produced any results. To the best of my knowledge, the marketing of
Newmark Cornish and Carey for the Anthropologie building at 999 Alma and
Premier Properties for the North Face building at 217 Alma has not produced
any results either, while other properties such as 441 University have joined
the ranks of available properties in the core area of the Downtown.
Additionally I would like to bring to your attention that the marketing effort
for each of the mentioned properties is not limited just to the listing agents
of said properties. It is a common practice for brokerage firms and the
agents to cooperate fully with each other and each others' efforts. Lastly, I
would like to express my opinion that for a variety of the reasons that have
been discussed in the past with the Staff and also in my last conversation
with you, 100 Addison and a number of other properties on the fringe areas
                                                                       Page 58 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
