                          TRANSCRIPT
think that was done to get Palo Alto and Mountain View and Redwood City to
apply for these funds. We indeed did submit an application in March. We
were still unsure as to what the future held, so we left it a little bit open. We
projected out costs over five years and came up with a cost benefit that
worked out for the funding source. We ended up requesting $171,000 with
an assumption that the City would identify $911,000 in local operating funds
over five years. By submitting the application, we did not commit ourselves
to doing this project or accepting the funds, but we didn't want to leave that
funding on the table because it was purposely structured to enable us to
apply to continue the operation of our bike share program. There's also
another source of funding that's on the horizon, and that's the MTC Bike
Share Capital Program. Early last year, the MTC Board set aside $4.5 million
in capital funding. They're going to make that available over the next two
years in probably two phases to communities that are left out of the Bay
Area Bike Share expansion.         Everybody but San Francisco, Berkeley,
Oakland and San Jose will be able to apply for these funds. We don't know
how much will be available per community. We don't know how many
communities they're going to fund. The total is 4.5 million. To wrap this
discussion up, this presentation up, the BABS, Bay Area Bike Share, pilot
program is scheduled to end on June 30th. There is an opportunity for us to
go to a month-to-month contract where we would just need to give them 30
days notice when we want to end the program. We could also extend it for
another year.     Either of those options would require us to bring an
agreement back to you in a relatively short time for your approval. The City
must provide notification to Motivate on what our decision is by May 31st.
We need to let them know whether we want to end the program, extend it
on a month-to-month basis or extend it for a longer period of time. There's
several decisions that we're going to need to make over the next several
months to a year, depending on what we do with the Bay Area Bike Share
system. We need to decide if we want to continue with a smart dock system
that's more expensive on a per-bike basis or do we want to transition over
to the smart bike system that's a little more flexible, seems to be the newer
technology and is a lot less costly than the smart dock system. We also
need to think about how large we want our system to be. Do we want to
continue with a very small or small system like we have today or do we want
to move towards that ideal system size where we're going to get the kind of
ridership that we'd really like to see? Thirdly, we need to think about an
operator. Our current operator is Motivate which is a for-profit company
that's very wedded to one technology. We could go to a nonprofit model
similar to what the City of San Mateo is doing. There's also several other
options out there as far as operations. This is a map showing our ideal
system. For the application that we submitted in March, we broke it into two
phases. The dark gray areas which are generally Downtown and the
California Avenue (Cal. Ave.) Business District as well as the Research Park
                                                                            Page 7 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
