                          TRANSCRIPT
work included here and bring it back at a later date, and the cost would go
up. The schedule would also be affected.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, can I just add to that? I find this a little disturbing.
It's almost like we're at Congress or something right now, and there's an
appropriation bill, and we've got a policy issue being brought up. I don’t
even know that it would be appropriate the way this is presented here
tonight to inject this discussion. The public wouldn't be aware of the fact
that this sort of detail within the contract was this crucial. I think the
appropriate time to deal with this would be as a separate matter. I think it's
worthwhile bringing it up, but I do think this would get to be a difficult
practice if we were to get to the point where we're following up on prior
directives from Council to do the mechanics of bringing on the support we
need to do things with the Council that we hold these things up. As
Ms. Gitelman pointed out, if you did want to do this, there would have to be
a subsequent amendment that would be brought. That would be a different
document anyway. I miss the point as to why we don't proceed with this. If
there's really an interest and concern, to then tell us to come back with an
additional amendment to this contract, if you're interested. I think it's
problematic to do it tonight.

Council Member Holman: Can I speak to my second?

Mayor Burt: We have a seconder. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:            I seconded this wanting also to provide
clarification and likely an amendment. Where I understand Council Member
Schmid is coming from is that, as the maker of the amendment, reduced the
square footage of office in Scenario 5. It was, I think, a natural assumption
and presumption that the number of employees would be reduced
comparatively. There was no indication on my part—I don't recall any on
any of the Council Members' parts in the ensuing conversation about that
amendment—that there would be any change in relationship between office
square footage and number of employees per 1,000 square feet. That's
something that's been introduced subsequent to that amendment. It's really
the relationship of the amount of office square footage and the number of
new employees. That's the relationship to the parking spaces per 1,000. I
don't think parking places per 1,000 is the most direct way to address this.
That said, I don't disagree that we all know it's been going back to when we
did the South of Forest Area (SOFA) plan, when there were oftentimes eight
employees per 1,000 square feet. The number of employees per 1,000
square feet is not always 4, sometimes it's well above 8. Sometimes, it's
only 4; sometimes, it's a little bit less than that but not typically this day and
age. I feel like there has been a bit of a misdirect, miscommunication,

                                                                          Page 12 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/28/16
