                          TRANSCRIPT
by the idea that we were discussing with Council Member DuBois, which is a
Citywide look at the areas that have not been covered by these individual
ordinances with some standards or findings that need to be made when a
property owner seeks conversion of one use to another.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: You touched on one of my questions in your answers to Vice
Mayor Scharff. I want to follow up on the question whether Staff has been
evaluating different zoning definitions. One of the questions was around real
retail in the core downtown areas, along Cal. Ave. and along University, and
maybe certain key perpendiculars. You spoke that we had really addressed
it through formula retail. My recollection at the time is that we looked at
formula retail, and we also had discussions that restricted even within, say,
restaurants not having too many formula, but that doesn't address whether
we get Cal. Ave. turning into a bunch of nail salons and fitness centers. We
just lost our stationery store that's turning into a fitness center on a vital
corner in Cal. Ave. Has Staff not been looking at that issue of distinguishing
between true retail, selling goods and food, versus other retail services that
are in a much broader definition?

Ms. Gitelman: We already distinguish between retail services and personal
services, which is the nail salons and typical uses. I'll have to look back at
the record. I thought when we talked about the Cal. Ave. ordinance and we
did the outreach to the business community there and others, we asked
people if they wanted to further limit the uses that were allowed in the R
combining district. I'll just have to go back and look if we had that
conversation. Certainly when we talk about Downtown, we will be able to
consider whether we want to adjust the uses that are permitted in the GF
combining district and potentially eliminate personal services from the list if
we think we want to focus on retail services instead of personal services.

Mayor Burt: You're right. I misspoke in terms of mixing up personal
services from retail services. The other flip side of this—Vice Mayor Schmid
alluded to it—is outside of that area we have a broad definition of uses that
are permitted. They include all the way from things like medical offices that
we have traditionally seen as being a community value and ones that have
existed in the buffer areas to our downtowns versus the sorts of office uses
that we've been seeing proliferating and really that we have a question
whether they're actually a properly permitted use even in the Downtown
areas; although, they've been proliferating there for the last couple of
decades. Has there been any consideration of distinguishing amongst what
types of uses we might permit in an area like—what's the SOFA zoning that
we have for this?

                                                                       Page 55 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
