                          TRANSCRIPT
data says is that we did a very good job in the '70s with our first bike
boulevard. It was innovative; it was a world first; it was true spirit of Silicon
Valley. Now it's time to go beyond that; it's time to go beyond signs and
paint to actually really add safety improvements and learn from the rest of
the world. If you look at some of those cities, there are two new insights:
reduce the cross-traffic and separate the bikes and the cars. This plan
doesn't yet do that, so I support what's in the plan, but we need to go
beyond it. I like the network aspect. I love the roundabouts, because they
do reduce injuries by 80 percent. We should definitely do that. We also
need more dedicate cycle tracks. I'm personally willing to give up some
more parking on Bryant Street to actually have a dedicated cycle track and
really go beyond what we have today and to introduce some safe, green
phases for bikes to cross at intersections and, ultimately also, to be able to
come Downtown on a bike trail, because pretty much the bike boulevard
disappears here. Then, we have a monument worth of Ellen Fletcher. I fully
support that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Shannon McEntee to be followed by our final
speaker, Bret Andersen.

Shannon McEntee: Mayor Burt and Council Members, I first want to thank
you for your good work, for keeping Palo Alto a really healthy and safe place
to live. I want to support this program, and I've been really impressed by
the comments tonight, how carefully thought out all of this is. I'm a
homeowner here; I've lived here for 45 years. The benefits that I see are
obvious, and I think they're obvious to you too, but let me just repeat them.
If we get more people on bikes by making it safer, we'll reduce congestion,
we'll reduce pollution, we'll reduce our parking problems because it's really
easy to park bike. We'll also have health benefits for the people that are
riding the bikes. We'll have health benefits indirectly for corporations and
employers when health costs go down, because people have a more healthy
lifestyle. Also, we'll have safer streets for both pedestrians, for bike riders,
for older people with walkers, for everybody, when traffic slows down and
we get more people on bikes. I also just wanted to say that two to three
times a week I go down Ross Road to that Moreno intersection, and that's a
great street to bike on, because it's extra wide, so you have a lot of
visibility. I feel very safe there, and I can't imagine that making that a bike
lane would cause any problems for the residents nearby. There aren't any
parking problems on that street by the way, as far as I can see. Again,
thank you very much for all you do for this City. I love living here.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Bret Andersen.



                                                                         Page 42 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
