                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt: I don't think it's realistic to think we're going to go through that
and complete that in the next half hour even.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think Mayor Burt's correct on that.

Council Member Kniss: Yeah. Could we try just seeing if anyone totally
disagrees with what anyone has said?       So far I'd be pretty much in
concurrence with what I've heard going to the Comp Plan or going to those
who are doing it. Jeremy, I understand you will not be overseeing this after
Friday. I'm so sorry to hear that.

Mr. Dennis: Two more weeks.

Council Member Kniss: Two more weeks. Rather than even doing a straw
vote on it, there's nothing that I've heard that I would not agree with.

Mayor Burt:      There might be general agreement, and there may be
differences on the emphasis or—I wouldn't call it nuance. It's one thing to
say that's a subject that we concur on. It's another thing to talk about
basically the direction. I think we'll have some actual discussion on that.
We have three Council Members who have not even waded in on the issues
of their concern. I don't think that we're going to stay on schedule tonight
or even close to it. I mean, we can drift a little bit. Why don't we go ahead
and let's finish the comments from the Council Members who have not
commented, and then look at this process. I'm very skeptical that we're
going to be able to go through this and provide the thoughtful feedback with
something approaching consensus on these various issues.

Council Member Holman:       Mayor Burt, could I ask a question please, a
procedural question?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Council Member Holman: You've got three Council Members who haven't
commented yet. So far I agree with Council Member Kniss that there really
hasn't been any, at least at the high level if not at more specific levels,
disagreement. It seems to me that we could actually make a good lot of
progress if we just started putting a motion on the floor and added things to
it. If something becomes controversial, then we set that aside. I think we
could make a lot of progress this evening. Rather than going to the next
three communications, just ask for a motion and they can weigh in at that
point, it would seem to me.

                                                                          Page 39 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
