                          TRANSCRIPT
that time, it was legal. Some of the other things. This common practice, we
do want to start to formalize this a little bit more, which is why we have
given you the finding. We've had discussions with Stanford University about
how to make sure and prevent this in the future. On an annual basis, we
will be bringing forward a spreadsheet that looks at the entire Stanford
Research Park, looks at the entire 700 acres, all of the FAR. On that 700
acres, they're allowed 11.2 million square feet.           They only have
approximately 10 million. That's where we come up with there's still this 1
million square footage that can be developed if you're looking at the entire
Research Park. With that, I'll let Katherine continue.

Ms. Waugh: Now I will go through the various topics that we evaluated in
the EIR. I'm going to keep the comment brief but happy to answer any
questions if you need elaboration. The first topic that we looked at was air
quality. As we found in the Initial Study, the actual size of the building in
terms of project operations was not a concern. It's below the screening
thresholds that the Bay Area Air Quality Management District has
established. We weren't concerned about long-term air quality emissions
from the project as it operates. We did look carefully at construction
emissions.      That analysis includes emissions that would occur from
demolition, all of the soil excavation that would be necessary, and the
associated truck trips and then the actual construction process itself. We did
find that the emissions would remain below the levels of significance that are
established by Bay Area Air Quality Management District but also identified
some of the standard mitigations measures that help to make sure they stay
as low as possible. Another concern related to air quality is that the
buildings are likely to or are known in some cases to contain asbestos and
lead-based paints. Again, there are standard mitigation measures that
ensure that those materials are adequately controlled so that they are not
released to the environment to cause potential health hazards. We did also
modify one of the mitigation measures in response to comments that we
received to ensure that the neighboring College Terrace Residents
Association is notified before any demolition occurs that could release those
asbestos and lead-based materials. With respect to biological resources, the
project site is predominantly paved and developed, but there is potential for
nesting birds to reside at the site in the trees as well as on the ground in the
landscaped areas. The buildings themselves could provide habitat for bats
to roost.      There are standard mitigation measures that meet the
requirements of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife and other
applicable regulations to ensure that no adverse impacts to those types of
species occur as a result of demolition and construction. We also looked
carefully at hazardous materials.           There are known areas of soil
contamination onsite.      Some of the soil contamination that previously
occurred onsite has already been remediated.             There were areas of
                                                                          Page 44 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
