                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Teresi: We don't have incentives, but we do have target dates in the
contract. If they don't meet those target dates, there are penalties up to
$3,500 per day if they don't meet the various schedule milestones.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to ask that question as well. When you looked
at using sod, did it make more sense in terms of the cost of doing that
versus the cost of being closed longer? Did you actually look at that?

Mr. de Geus: We did. We ran the numbers, and it was in the end less
expensive to use the sprigs.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to ask about the bathroom, which we're not
doing. I agree with that decision now. Would we also have a plan of
funding that out of profits, assuming we actually get on target? It needs to
be done.

Mr. de Geus: We certainly do. I appreciate you mentioning that, Vice Mayor
Scharff. What is also in the pro forma that I didn't mention is 10 percent of
total green fees to be put aside for a capital reserve for the golf course. The
hope is that we don't have to continue to go out to debt when we need to
rebuild. That is in the pro forma, which can fund things like the restaurant
and other things that we couldn't get to.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just to clarify then. When I see that we make $94,000
in 2019, we're actually making 10 percent more that's being put aside.

Mr. de Geus: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That makes some sense. You said the restaurant is
coming up. It's been a long time. We looked at this in 2012. I do
remember that we talked about this being a great positive, because we
actually thought we could increase the rounds if we had a much nicer
restaurant and a nicer facility, frankly, for the restaurant, if I recall correctly.
Maybe you can help me out with my memory.

Mr. de Geus: As part of the long-range plan for the golf course, we do have
hopes of rebuilding or renovating the restaurant to expand the banquet

                                                                           Page 100 of 116
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 6/20/16
