                      ACTION MINUTES
C.      All applicants to be committed to the outcome of determining a
        funding plan that will achieve significant reductions in congestion and
        single occupancy vehicle trips in the community and improve mobility
        for residents and workers and that an anticipation that the total
        funding for these outcomes will come from local funding measures
        (with a particular focus on business license tax) and other sources
        including paid parking revenue, grants, the Valley Transportation
        Authority (VTA) sales tax; and

D.      Direct the Committee to look at trip reductions both from measures
        that would support alternatives for employees and measures that
        would reduce overall car trips in the community. The Committee will
        look at best TMA practices from within the Palo Alto/Stanford
        community and elsewhere; and

E.      Direct the Committee to return to Council by November 2017.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

14.     PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Approving Revisions to
        the Architectural Review Findings in Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter
        18.76 and Approval of an Exemption Under Sections 15061 and 15305
        of the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Guidelines. The
        Planning and Transportation Commission Recommended Council
        Approval of the Ordinance (Continued from September 12, 2016)
        STAFF REQUESTS THIS ITEM BE CONTINUED TO A DATE UNCERTAIN.

This Agenda Item continued to a date uncertain.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt reported on the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority
(JPA) Retreat. The JPA is working on a project to provide protection from
“50-year” flooding. This includes work at the Pope-Chaucer Bridge, Newell
Road Bridge, and other choke points along the Creek. He reported that
protection from a “100-year” flood would require upstream detention,
bypass, floodwalls, or a combination of these measures. The JPA is drafting

                                                                           Page 12 of 13
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 10/24/16
