                          TRANSCRIPT
the speed limit was much lower than I would have expected, given the
nature of the street between Oregon and Mountain View. It's a four-lane
road. Clearly people who drive on it drive faster. I think the data says 37 is
the 85th percentile. That's consistent with my experience. I'm a biker; I
bike around Palo Alto. I used to live in a City where I didn't have a car. I
only bought a car when I moved out here. I totally sympathize with the idea
of a bike-able, livable community. Unfortunately, most people out here, I
think, commute between communities. They sort of are required to do some
driving in a way that's not true in some other purely walkable and bike-able
communities. I actually quite like the bike road on Bryant; I make good use
of it. I do think it's important, as Council Member DuBois said, to find a
place to send the cars. I think Middlefield, in particular south of Oregon, is a
pretty standard exit route for the community. If we were to say that we
didn't want people to take that as the exit route, we should redesign the
road to not be a four-lane road and to have a much less enticing roadway to
take. Given its current state, it sort of feels unreasonable to me to have a
25 mile an hour speed limit when essentially everyone drives much faster
than that. I would totally support raising the speed limit to a point where it
could actually be enforced. I think it's kind of silly in its current state.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'd like
to add a voice of assent and appreciation for the Council Members who have
suggested in one way or another that communication would help as well as
enforcement. Not only communicating the likelihood of having a traffic
ticket, but also what you could expect. For instance, the signage. Signs
could be telling you that, because there's a school, you have to go slower.
They could tell you where you could turn left. For instance, Middlefield. I'm
at Alma and Palo Alto Avenue. As I go down University Avenue at 5:00 in
the evening, it takes an hour to get that mile for the Bayshore Freeway. I'm
looking for a way to go around on the other side of the creek on Woodland.
To do that, I have to turn left on Middlefield. I can't turn left on Palo Alto
Avenue. I can't turn left on Everett. You're left wondering, "Am I going to
be able to turn left on Lytton?" I certainly don't want to turn left on
University. I don't want to spend the next hour just standing still in traffic.
Sometimes you could have a sign telling people where they can turn and
other useful things that they might like to know that you could probably
figure out in advance if you thought about it. That's really my most—let's
see. Add the signs. I think we realize that you don't really expect people to
drive at that speed limit when it's put there for the radar. El Camino Way is
like three blocks long. You don't need radar there. You could just have a
little sign, once a week we're going to have somebody here, and manually
                                                                          Page 48 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
