                          TRANSCRIPT
years. Essentially calling out that first year is the same $100,000 that Staff
is asking for this evening for the TMA. This last slide just puts it altogether
in one slide. The three year goal with a cost of about $2.5 million over three
years. Five years, stretching that out, of course a bit more expensive with
the additional years, a $3.5 million cost of business to keep the TMA hitting
those numbers. This slide is just really some per person assumptions that,
with the help of Wendy, our Interim Executive Director. These are based on
current retail costs. There's no reduces, kind of the full MSRP cost of transit,
first-mile, carpool, and then a comment about sort of the evolution of
parking structures in the City. Tying back to that, there are definitely some
potential savings in those real numbers. New fare structures with Caltrain,
SamTrans, VTA. Whatever partnerships we work with them that help the
TMA to exist, to provide smaller businesses like mine with affordable Caltrain
passes, for example, will help reduce the per person cost of that. The
development of flat-rate pricing for the shared-ride market. Scoop is a
start, but the possible relationships with Lyft and Uber and future rideshare
companies. Basically declining subsidies as needed, as transit and other
first-mile costs decrease and services increase. As we grow, naturally the
costs will go down. Co-sponsorship from some larger employers for their
employees. I think that one of the things that we talked about at the
previous meeting is membership dues and realizing that with only 20 large
employers in Palo Alto the ability to fully fund the TMA with just 20 large
employers in town was not going to be a realistic, future option. We are
looking for co-sponsorships with those larger companies and possibly even
regionally as we grow into the future. Eventually, full subsidies may only be
needed for turnover employees. Once we get folks converted, the cost
drops significantly because it's just for the new to Palo Alto employee. This
next slide just really draws out some of the funding sources for TMAs across
the country. I don't know if it's necessary that we go through each one of
them. The top one is local employer transportation tax, parking revenues.
Those are two that have sort of been the topics of discussion amongst the
Council and amongst others, so they're up at the top of list. There are a lot
of other options that can exist to us as we establish and grow. In terms of
interim needs, there's going to have to be a critical partnership and
understanding between the City and the TMA. We want to work together to
understand the residents' needs, the City's needs and really the businesses'
needs. We want to continue to keep the City—to use a word that is
sometimes looked at as a dirty word—robust or vibrant and growing.
There's nothing more exciting than thinking of a TMA that continues to grow
and support as the City grows. We need the City at this point to help us
move these programs more quickly. Our plan is to come back to you in the
early fall for a more formal funding request based on the future plans that
we've set out. Thanks.

                                                                             Page 72 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
