                          TRANSCRIPT
ambitious and we have an amazing work plan. That's just trying to reorient
you. I would turn it back to you, Mr. Mayor. The City Attorney was around
somewhere.

Mayor Burt: Before we begin, the one other context is we have before us
this list of Priorities and status report. We have Council Retreat rankings
which they were informative and valuable, maybe not definitive. We all
went up and did stickies and that had value. I'm not sure that it should be
taken as rigid directives based on stickies. It was our best effort at trying to
give a sense of what we thought were highest importance projects. Can we
talk a little bit about our input tonight, how we could do that in a way that
would be informative. We have the second half of what was agendized as
Item 3 which is any other items of special focus. That's one thing that we
can wade into. Within the existing projects, are you looking for us to give
any update on our sense of prioritization? How would you like us to respond
to what you've provided us?

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. First of all, again, this is a snapshot in
time. This is where we are right now. We could be in a situation in the next
quarter where there's either more red or there's some red things that have
moved to yellow or green if we've gotten somebody on board. It's important
that the Council's aware of where we are. Secondly, you may look at some
things that are on here and say—my view for the most part would be if
something is green, you can kind of say, "We're on track. That looks pretty
good." The real need to pay attention there is if there's something that's red
or yellow that you somehow want to relook at. It may mean that we'd have
to trade off something potentially that's in the green area. The other thing
separate from this, that I think is worthwhile, the two memos that I asked
Hillary to write to me. They're a little bit like mini case studies of saying—
this is actually the fact. The Priorities you adopted in January and the scope
of what they are, those in and of themselves was enough work for us to be
as busy as bees for the whole rest of this year. The challenge becomes
that—let's just take on the Eichler-specific guidelines. Understandably so in
response to a challenge in one of our neighborhoods to kind of go beyond
what the track we were on as far as managing some of these overlays and
expanding the scope of them. I think it's important for us to realize that
there are costs to those decisions. I don't mean costs necessarily as a
negative thing, but just a realistic thing. Additionally, on March 21st, you
guys had a big conversation with some important surfacing of issues around
housing that you asked us to come back to. We're partly using this as a way
to come back. When you look at the work plan—some of the Staff who are
here who are responsible can chime in here. I might invite, with the Mayor's
okay, if we get into individual department stuff, to have the Director come
up here and sit with me. You'll see some of these items related to the
                                                                         Page 33 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
