                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: The self-weathering steel will have that rusty look to it
as opposed to a painted bridge, which has a color and doesn't look rusted.
Is that it?

Mr. Schnabel: Yeah.     In fact, there's a picture of one that's actually self-
weathering in here.

Mr. Eggleston: I believe those are like the bridges you see along the Bay
Trail on the east side of there now.

Mr. Schnabel: That's a self-weathered—that would be the color.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's got that old railroad trestle bridge look.

Mr. Schnabel: It's just a uniform rust color all the way through.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm glad I understand that. The next thing is—what is
it? How much extra would be the contingency in a normal project? I was
trying to get—you said you'd rather have 10 percent more in the design
contingency. What is that in terms of a dollar amount?

Mr. Eggleston: On this project, it'd be around $900,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It'd be like the entire Google money.

Mr. Eggleston: $800,000 to $900,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to ask briefly about the extra money from the
County, the $4.35 million. No, that's what we currently have.

Council Member Kniss: $4.5 million

Vice Mayor Scharff:     $4.5 million additional money.    The question is
something like this. You have a schedule of how we're moving forward on
this. Is there any sense at all of when we hear from the County if we have
this additional money, and if we do hear from the County that, for instance,
we were to get it, where in the cycle could we break in? You could come
back to us and say, "We have this extra money. We now could do these
enhancements for that." How does that money play into this or is it even
relevant, I guess?

Mr. Eggleston: It's a difficult thing, I'd say, because we're at a point now
where to stay on the schedule that we've laid out here, we essentially really
need the decisions about the primary structure type and the width now to
move forward with our studies. We've checked with the County several
times, and we've been told, "Wait. We don't have a process yet for you to
                                                                             Page 59 of 90
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 11/7/16
