                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just want to report the BAWSCA report, those
are the Bay area cities that are dealing with Hetch Hetchy. The report at
year end was Hetch Hetchy had 70 percent capacity. The San Pedro dam
that's a backup for it is down to 30, same as most other dams in California.
Hetch Hetchy felt that even in a drought situation for the next three years,
there would be sufficient water to get the Hetch Hetchy supply through.
They further said that the goal of the Palo Alto and the other Bay Area cities
of achieving 25 percent savings had been achieved through year end.
They're looking forward to maintaining that through the wet season. Good
news from it.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff:        Just a briefly.  I'm on the ABAG administrative
committee. I think negotiating is the wrong word. We're going through a
process where we're trying to determine how to move forward. If anyone
wants to let me know their thoughts on the MTC/ABAG merger, I'd be happy
to listen to what you have to say. At the moment, I think I'm advocating for
a full merger of the two as opposed to MTC just taking the planning staff
from ABAG. I don't think ABAG would survive financially. Under that, I
think it'll be a crippled organization and won't work well. I think they need a
full merger if they're going to move forward on that approach. I just wanted
to let you know. One other thing. On the Cities Association, we started the
really long, involved process of talking about how we would structure a sub-
RHNA, which we now call Sabrina. I thought I'd just pass that along.

Mayor Burt: I'd like to report that the Broncos won the Super Bowl. Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Along those lines, I was just thinking that in honor
of the events of this last weekend, it seemed like the appropriate way to
adjourn this meeting would be with one word: Omaha.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:47 P.M.




                                                                         Page 91 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
