                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm happy to offer a motion. I'll essentially offer
what I was suggesting before. I move that the further planning on the work
plan and topics for Committees of the Whole, etc., be delegated for proposals
to the Mayor, Vice Mayor and City Manager to bring back to Council for
approval. If somebody has better wording, go for it.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to delegate further planning on the Work Plan and the topics for
Committee of the Whole Meetings to the Mayor, Vice Mayor, and City
Manager to generate proposals for Council approval.

Mayor Burt: That didn't sound to me—maybe it was. I think it would be
appropriate to instead have a motion to have a follow-up Committee as a
Whole meeting and that preparation work for that based upon what occurred
today be delegated to the Mayor, Vice Mayor and City Manager.

Council Member Wolbach:      Do you want to second that with a friendly
amendment essentially, basically?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine, we would go with that. We'd hold a
follow-up Committee of the Whole meeting with preparatory work to be
performed by the Mayor, Vice Mayor and City Manager.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION RESTATED:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Kniss to schedule a Committee of the Whole Meeting, with
preparatory work to be conducted by the Mayor, Vice Mayor, and City
Manager.

Mayor Burt: Do we have discussion on that? Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Can you restate, please, the topic of the Committee
of the Whole meeting?

Mayor Burt: Good point. It should probably be included in the motion.

Council Member Wolbach: We lost the bit about continuing items from this.
Schedule a Committee of the Whole meeting regarding work plan, Study
Sessions and other topics discussed at the Retreat.

Mayor Burt: How about special areas of focus for the Council for the year
which would allow the various formats?

                                                                      Page 77 of 86
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                              Transcript: 01/30/16
