                          TRANSCRIPT
on this evening and the CAC meeting tomorrow. We can talk about that
recommendation either tonight or at a future date.             The Staff Report
summarizes the changes to this element at a very high level. There are
some themes that you'll recognize. Clearly a theme that's carried forward
from the existing element is the aim of reducing reliance on single occupant
vehicles. We also have a theme about phasing in the solution to parking.
This was something that the Committee worked quite hard on. Also, the
desire to use both level of service as a standard of review for traffic
congestion, but also vehicle miles traveled which is a state of the art way to
consider congestion on a more regional basis. The themes also include
prioritizing pedestrian and cyclist safety and recognizing the needs of
transit-dependent members of the community, collaboration on regional
solutions. The Committee really tried and, I think, you will see that there's
an opportunity to continue this effort to streamline, reduce redundancy and
clarify priorities throughout the document. We can't really show you a track
changes version from the existing Comp Plan Element, because the Council
elected to adopt the goals from the Planning and Transportation
Commission’s (PTC's) recommendation. I think we can prepare for you and
share with you at a later date a track changes version that shows the CAC's
work. What we have and can share is a version that basically shows the
changes since February of this year. It starts as a base document with the
current Comp Plan, with the Council's direction on vision and goals, a few
other minor changes, and then it really catalogs over time all of the work
that the CAC has done. We'll be prepared to share that with you, if you
think it would be useful. Actually, we're a little conflicted about it, because it
may be confusing, because it doesn't represent changes from the current
draft. You'll have to tell us if you think that would be useful to your review.
Next steps in terms of this process.           We obviously would like your
comments. It doesn't seem we'll get them this evening, so we'll schedule a
come-back hopefully in the next few weeks to get those comments from
you. Tomorrow the CAC is meeting in the evening to discuss the Land Use
and Community Design Element. We had hoped—we're bringing to the City
Council in the next few meetings—it's unclear right now whether it's going to
be on the 22nd or the 29th—the final direction or the discussion of the
scenarios for the EIR to get your final direction. If you'll recall, we ran out of
time when we had that calendared for you in June or July. We're hoping to
bring you, as I said earlier, a draft of the Land Use Element or at least a
portion of the element in September for your input. It really depends on the
resources and schedule associated with this element and the timing of the
Committee's work. Our hope is to incorporate your comments as the Staff
to first understand and assimilate them and try and work on them at the
Staff level while the CAC continues their review of the other elements of the
Comp Plan. Once the CAC and the Council have reviewed all the elements,
we want to bring it all back to the CAC, because we know they'll want to see
                                                                           Page 82 of 90
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/15/16
