                          TRANSCRIPT
available for us to see. Do we? Is that the extent of the changes? Is that
incorporated in the motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, it is.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously with
Council Member Schmid having voted no on Item Number 14. Thank you.
You're welcome to make a comment on your no vote.

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 4-13, 15-19 PASSED: 9-0

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBER 14 PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

Council Member Schmid: I support the intent of Item 14 to get a consultant
working on paid parking in the Downtown. I would like to put a vote of
protest on the Transportation Demand Management which seems to be
placed in there with supporting business-only representation on the Board.
That seems to me a very important part of our Downtown parking issue, the
Residential Preferential Parking Program (RPP), traffic and so on. I think it's
essential that a wider group of stakeholders including local residents and
City officials be involved in that process.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Action Items

20.   PUBLIC HEARING: On Objections to Weed Abatement and Resolution
      9572 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Ordering Weed Nuisance Abated.”

Mayor Burt: On that note, we will move on to Item No. 20, which is a public
hearing on objections to weed abatement and adoption of a resolution
ordering weed nuisance abated. At this time, I'd like to open the Public
Hearing. We see no cards from members of the public. Is that correct or we
have one coming? No. We will now close the public comment period with
that and return to the Council for discussion and a Motion. Vice Mayor
Scharff.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:11 P.M.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll move the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: Second.




                                                                         Page 23 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
