                          TRANSCRIPT
memorandum that's coming before you tonight. I just want to provide one
update. Since the Staff Report was published on Thursday, the Federal
District Court Judge did dismiss the Federal lawsuit that had been filed
against the City. This afternoon, we did receive a notice that the petitioner
in that matter, the owner of the site, will be appealing that to the Ninth
Circuit. That litigation is ongoing, but it has been resolved at the trial court
level. Thank you. We're here to answer your questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have no other Staff Report?

James Keene, City Manager: No, Mr. Mayor. To be just a little less technical
than the City Attorney, I'm just personally excited to be on the Staff today
as we discuss this matter with the Council.

Mayor Burt: Just so everybody understands, we have two recommendations
before us. One is approval of the MOU. The second is to authorize the City
Manager or his designee to implement and administer the MOU subject to
conditions described in this attached report that we received tonight, and as
determined by the City Council tonight. We'd be authorizing the City
Manager to basically proceed on our behalf with the final negotiations on the
MOU. Shall we go ahead and hear from members of the public and then
return to the Council? It would be great if we can have any members of the
public who wish to speak to fill out a speaker card and bring it forward at
this time. Our first speaker is Erika Escalante. Welcome.

Erika Escalante: Good evening, Mayor, Council Members. Erika Escalante,
President of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park Residents Association here.
We've been here many times before to ask for your support. You know our
story.     You've heard from the residents, our children and from our
supporters. In the last four years, almost four years, it's been very difficult
for all of us emotionally. It's been quite the journey to simply remain in our
homes. I'm sure it's been difficult for you too as decision makers. Buena
Vista has presented you with a challenge greater than saving 400 residents
from displacement, but addressing the issue of the lack of much needed
affordable housing. I'd also like to thank you for your continued support
from day one. I'm here to ask you to please vote yes on the new plan as it
stands, to save Buena Vista and preserve 117 units of affordable housing. If
I can have all the residents of Buena Vista and supporters please stand up.
Thank you, you may sit down. [Spanish language spoken] Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Our next speaker is Bruce Ives, to be followed by Winter
Dellenbach.

Bruce Ives: Mayor Burt, members of the Council, good evening. My name
is Bruce Ives. I'm the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of LifeMoves, formerly
                                                                          Page 30 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
