                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: It's already scheduled for February.

Council Member DuBois: That's the housing, I guess the housing meeting?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah.

Council Member Holman: Regarding the DEIR?

Ms. Gitelman: There's a joint meeting with the CAC scheduled in February
to discuss housing issues, and then it will be as desired by the Council and
the CAC whether you want to schedule a subsequent joint meeting after
that.

Council Member Holman: Those will all be—here's another thing. Will these
subsequent meetings all be Action Items as opposed to Study Sessions?
This one's an Action Item, so we can actually take Motions. Would you want
these to all be Action Items?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, ideally.

Council Member Holman: I would be—check-ins in May and September as
Action Items with a goal of delving into key decision areas. Then, I think I'm
okay with this. Then, I do have a couple of questions. Are you okay with
that?

Council Member DuBois: Yep.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part A, “as Action Items”
after “May and September.”

Mayor Burt:     Let me make sure and check-in with Staff.            If I'm
understanding this right, for the most part this would mean we would have a
major Council agendized Item every month on the Comp. Plan with the
exception of our vacation month in August. Every month that we're in
session except August. Right?

Mr. Dennis: Mayor Burt, if I can comment on that. Once we got some
indication that there may be some interest in adding some additional
meetings, Hillary and I sat down about a week ago and started looking at
the calendar and seeing how that would fit in. That was our basic analysis,
that we were seeing a meeting with the Council every six weeks or so except
for some breaks during the summer. In addition, what it does do is that the
current calendar as you see on the right side shifts everything down related
to the review elements. We would not be coming back to the Council in
March to review transportation. We would have to shift that down in order
                                                                            Page 93 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
