                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: We were very conscious of parking impacts to residents and
adjacent     property    owners   as    we   developed    the    infrastructure
recommendations. That being said, there were some intersections even
though there's a high parking demand, it really made sense to make some
modifications to on-street parking. We did consider the context of these.
The large-scale parking modifications happen mostly along the South Palo
Alto corridors. Those wider streets where we're trying to add street trees,
you'll see there's a lot more impact to parking on those than, let's say, some
of the more congested Downtown corridors.

Council Member DuBois: I guess the other thing is if it's multifamily
apartment buildings versus R-1, were you more hesitant to remove parking
if it was multifamily?

Mr. Mello:     We struggled with that, particularly on the Amarillo Bike
Boulevard because we wanted to add greenery and street trees, but we
knew that the multifamily housing at the West Bayshore end probably
generates a lot of parking demand. There's a lot of alternative parking
locations in that area that is a little bit underutilized, and you see that in the
parking study. We actually identified alternative parking locations for each
spot that we're recommending be removed.

Council Member DuBois: Is Ross Road considered a collector or a local
street? It seems to act as a collector.

Mr. Mello:   Ross Road is a local street, and I believe Louis is a collector
street.

Council Member DuBois: That's interesting. Do you know why?

Mr. Mello:      I think the functional classification map is in the last
Comprehensive (Comp) Plan. We can verify that. I think it was adopted as
part of the last Comp Plan.

Council Member DuBois: I appreciate your answers to my questions I
submitted ahead of time. One of the questions was just really on the
methodology for the parking intrusion and this idea of kind of average
versus peak. I was really just asking for the individual four measurements
when I was asking for the peak. Is that really difficult to get?

Mr. Mello: We have an Excel spreadsheet that we can provide you. When
we get into the specific corridors a little bit later, I've pulled the peak out for
each one of those and highlighted that. The methodology we used was a
little bit of a hybrid. There's no real best practice for a parking modification

                                                                           Page 27 of 124
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 5/9/16
