                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: It's 20, 16 and 23.

Council Member DuBois: I thought you were talking about the other corner
near Town and Country. It's about 20.

Mr. Mello: We have—the correct numbers are 9, 13 and 19.           It's in the
traffic report, not on the presentation.

Council Member DuBois: It's a lot less. That looked like a lot in the report.
You talked about syncing with the timer on the County traffic light but not
actually syncing with the lights. Is there any change the way the County
operates that would actually enable us to sync in any way?

Mr. Mello: I've asked my traffic engineer to talk to Caltrans about whether
there's a possibility of us actually maintaining the timing at that signal. I
don't know if there's an option to enter some kind of an agreement with
Caltrans. There are cities across the state that have an agreement similar to
that, where Caltrans basically delegates maintenance authority to a local
municipality. That could be an option. That would actually enable us to tie
into the signal cabinet at the Caltrans signal, and then actual run true
coordination.

Council Member DuBois: Which would be a huge difference, right?

Mr. Mello: Yeah. There'll be a noticeable difference just by syncing the
clock. Right now the two clocks are totally out of sync. There's no
coordination whatsoever.

Council Member DuBois: Have they done that with anybody on El Camino in
Santa Clara County?

Mr. Mello: We can check into that. I know there are municipalities around
the state—I don't know which specific ones—that have entered that type of
signal maintenance agreement.

Council Member DuBois: You mentioned a two second improvement. I
wondered if that included both the syncing of the lights and the right-hand
turn-lane or it was just with one.

Mr. Black: It would be about a two second with each of those actions.

Council Member DuBois: We could get four seconds.

Mr. Black: You get four seconds, yeah.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.
                                                                      Page 68 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
