                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Marie-Jo Fremont, to be followed by Rachel
Kellerman.

Woman: Can we do it the other way?

Mayor Burt: Rachel Kellerman to be followed by Marie-Jo Fremont.

Rachel Kellerman: Thank you. Good evening. I've lived and worked in Palo
Alto for over 25 years. I'm addressing you tonight on behalf of a group of
concerned Palo Alto residents, who have been intimately involved with the
issue of airplane noise for many months. First, we want to thank you for
your support over the last year. The City's involvement was critical to
making the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and other stakeholders
aware of the severity of airplane noise in Palo Alto. We want to recognize
your accomplishments tonight, which include a historical noise analysis that
showed that airplane noise has been moved here from other places, and it
has substantially increased over our City. Having City Council Members and
Staff participate in or attend Select Committee on South Bay Arrivals
meetings was huge. Discussing the problem with various elected officials,
helping them to understand the disproportionate impact of airplane noise on
Palo Alto and the need for short and long-term solutions. Thank you very
much. Although, all this work has helped the Select Committee make
recommendations that have now been approved by the three Congressional
representatives, if implemented, some of these changes will provide some
relief for our community. Unfortunately, our work is not done, not only
because it is unclear how these recommendations will be implemented but
also because the Select Committee failed to address the high concentration
of low, loud and frequent flights arriving from the south on the NextGen
Surfer route. Shifting Surfer to the historical Big Sur track at slightly higher
altitudes is not a solution for Palo Alto. It does nothing to alleviate the
unjust practice of concentrating the bulk of low traffic over our community.
The FAA cannot solve Surfer problem without designing routes that move
traffic away from residential communities, taking advantage of the full
length of the Bay. Other Committee recommendations that need ongoing
scrutiny include the recommended shift of the Bodega traffic from the north
to over the Bay does not specify the percentage of traffic that will be
directed on this existing route. Relief to our City may be insignificant. No
solution was given for San Jose reverse flow flights at 2,000-3,000 feet over
our homes.      San Jose issues need to be reviewed in future Ad Hoc
Committee discussions. Again, thank you so much for your support. There's
more work to be done.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Marie-Jo Fremont, to be
followed by our final speaker, Rita Vrhel.

                                                                          Page 18 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
