                         TRANSCRIPT
orchard, I just despaired. You've got to keep the land you've got, so that
you can put this housing that you need on it. Do please think about that.
Even the pet store, the Animal Shelter, you could have apartments on top of
the animal shelter. The people that have dogs and cats and kangaroos
would love to live in. Don't pass up these opportunities. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: That's the first kangaroo comment we've had. Council Member
Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a quick question. I had thought that we were
going to have opportunity to vote on support or lack of support on a number
of the measures. All that's in front of us is Measure A.

Mayor Burt: You can bring that up under Council Member Comments.

Council Member Holman: I have.

Mayor Burt: We have an agenda item right now before us of this. It's still
not what's on this agenda item. I will just say I enthusiastically support it,
and I better because I'm one of the ballot signers. Please vote on the board.
That passes 8-0 with Council Member DuBois absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt:   Council Member Questions and Comments.         Council Member
Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was hoping and ask that the other measures on
the ballot that seem reasonable for us to weigh in on be brought to the
Council for action.

Mayor Burt: When you say measures, which ones are you referring to?

Council Member Holman: I don't have a list in front of me.

Mayor Burt: The only other County one is Measure B.

Council Member Kniss: Could I make a suggestion?

Council Member Holman: There are State ones too, like the death penalty.

Mayor Burt: I see. Now we're getting more clear.



                                                                      Page 109 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
