                         TRANSCRIPT
some data, I think it'd be very helpful. It's used both in "A" and again in
"C."

Mr. Keene: I do think we make some qualitative descriptions of the
situation there that would indicate that there is some traffic, just asking
them to include that in their ...

Council Member Schmid: Would it be better to say Palo Alto "notes" rather
than "believes"?

Mr. Keene: I would just say we were trying to surface issues. We're
obviously not trying to do the EIR for them. That's walking a line there.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A couple of things. One is thank you for bringing
this forward. The other is I've mentioned in the past that I—maybe this is a
policy discussion the Council needs to have. I think it would really be
prudent on our part to have our Planning and Transportation Commission to
review EIRs from adjacent communities and comment on the impacts on our
community. We get separate communications from members of the public
who want to comment on this. They can bring it to us, of course. It's good,
I think, from a policy perspective to have a community meeting, a public
meeting where people can bring their issues up to an advisory body so that
those issues can also be raised to the Council level in addition to the Staff
analysis.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. We do what we can to bring these letters
forward, both to the Planning and Transportation Commission and to the
Council. It's always a little bit of a mad scramble because the comment
period is short and the agenda review schedules for Staff Reports is long. In
this case we were able to get it on your agenda for the Menlo Park General
Plan and Zoning Update that's coming through now, that we're going to be
reviewing. They have an EIR on the street. Council will be on break, so we
will try and bring that to the Planning and Transportation Commission in
your absence.     The City Manager will be signing that letter once it's
developed.

Council Member Holman: Is the best way to address this in the future to
have a Council policy discussion about procedures and what we need to do
to help support Staff in routing these?

Ms. Gitelman: Again, it's a resource issue and a timing issue. If you want
to add a Staff person to respond to letters and make sure they go through
both the Commission and the Council, we can try and do that. We do what
                                                                           Page 92 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
