                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Lalo. Thank you to all the Staff who have participated in this
and joined us in the pleasurable evening.

Mr. Perez: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council. I want to thank the three
remaining members of the OMB team, Kiely, Paul and Steve, who have done
an outstanding job. Also supporting them was Joe, Tarun, Laura, Julia,
Monica, the department heads and their Staff behind me. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We will now ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Want to take a 10-minute break?

Mayor Burt: I don't know. Does anybody need it? Do you need a break? If
we need a break, I'll do it.

10.   Approval of Funding Agreement With the Palo Alto Transportation
      Management Association (PATMA) and Silicon Valley Community
      Foundation in the Amount of $100,000 for Fiscal Year 2017 for Pilot
      Programs and Discussion of the PATMA Draft Strategic Plan.

Mayor Burt: We're going to move on to our final item tonight, which is
approval of a Funding Agreement with the Palo Alto Transportation
Management Association or PATMA and the Silicon Valley Community
Foundation in the amount of $100,00 for Fiscal Year 2017 for pilot programs
and discussion of the PATMA draft Strategic Plan.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, just clarification. You right now
also have Item 10b, which is the Consent Item pulled off. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Welcome. Joshuah, are you kicking this off?

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Manager:           Yes.    Greeting, Mayor,
Members of Council. I'm Josh Mello, the City's Chief Transportation Official.
I'm joined this evening by Sue-Ellen Atkinson, who is our Interim
Transportation Planning Manager, as well as Rob George, who is the Chair of
the Board of the Palo Alto TMA. Sue-Ellen and Rob are going to handle the
bulk of the presentation. I'll turn it over to Sue-Ellen to start it off.

Sue-Ellen Atkinson, Transportation Manager: Thanks. Good evening. We're
here tonight on the TMA Funding Agreement. Rob has graciously joined us
to go through the draft Business Plan that the TMA is currently working on.
The proposed Funding Agreement before you tonight is between three
parties, the City of Palo Alto, the Palo Alto TMA and the Silicon Valley
Community Foundation. The Palo Alto TMA has a customized philanthropy
services agreement with the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, wherein

                                                                            Page 68 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
