                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That's a policy question that you're asking Staff. I think we
need to be focused on keeping these segments to technical questions of
Staff for everyone. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I just want to understand. The applicant
could increase the parking by using lift parking if, for instance, we had a
parking requirement for all retail on the ground floor.

Mr. Lait: That's my understanding, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If we wanted them to add parking for the four spaces
they're missing, they could use lift parking to do that as well.

Mr. Lait: Presumably so, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: On the TDM program, if we wanted to have an
aggressive TDM program that said something along the lines of there shall
be a 30 percent trips reduction, is that something we have the authority to
put in the condition of approval?

Mr. Lait: Yeah, I believe so. I'm looking to legal for support on that, but I
believe that's the case.

Ms. Silver: It would have to be tied to the conditional use permit or to one
of the discretionary findings that you have to make.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When you say tied to that conditional use permit, is the
whole project tied to the conditional use permit? I assume it's one project.
If they go over, it is. That's really the question.

Ms. Silver: If you grant all or a portion of the conditional use permit, you
can certainly make a finding with respect to a TDM program for that
component. If you are going to separate the conditional use permit and,
let's say, you denied the conditional use permit, you still have the ability to
act on the remainder of the project. We would have to look at the
remainder, is there a hook for TDM. I would imagine it would be the
reduction of the four parking spaces.

Vice Mayor Scharff: A very technical question goes like this. If we were, for
instance, to say that on the ground floor it has to all be retail, that's roughly
4,000 and something in office space that disappears and becomes retail. At
that point they need a conditional use permit for—what is it—700 or 800
square feet of office on the second floor to get the project done. Correct?
They're a little over 5,000, like 56 or 57, if I recall, somewhere in that
range.

                                                                         Page 27 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
