                          TRANSCRIPT
Penny Ellson: Thank you and good evening. I'm Penny Ellson. I'm
speaking as an individual. Not to waste time, I just want to say ditto on the
community needs assessment. Let's really consider carefully where this
very important site fits into the vision that's unfolding in our revised
Comprehensive Plan and the needs of the community. I'm reassured by
some of the things I heard Staff say tonight. I want to just thank you for
the time you spent asking questions and answering them earlier. I just have
a couple of questions. I value very much the important work that Avenidas
does in our community. In the not too distance future, I'll probably be one
of their clients. I want to say that I wonder what this lower rent—what
message this sends to our current valued nonprofit tenants at Cubberley.
They all suffer from the same problem. They all have to fundraise. They all
have trouble making their rent. This is not a problem unique to Avenidas.
They're all struggling with it. I wonder, first of all, what's the message we're
sending to them. Secondly, what does this mean for future negotiations
with nonprofit tenants? I think we need to think about that. I'm thinking
about Cubberley needing revenues. This is a facility we're watching. It's in
my backyard; I watch it get more rundown every year. I also worry about
this becoming a serial staging area for public facility expansions and
renovations in other parts of the City as Cubberley falls into greater and
greater disrepair. I think previous speakers and you have spoken eloquently
to the importance of this facility for all of Palo Alto, but particularly for the
southern part of Palo Alto. I just hope that, as you consider this, you will
think about and start putting some energy behind developing that vision for
this important facility for our future. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our public comments. We'll return
to the Council for discussion and action. Who would like to go first? Before
we do, let me do two things. One is I want to make sure any members of
the public who are watching know that we have had an agenda change.
What was formerly Item No. 10 has been moved forward. That's the
minimum wage discussion that is scheduled to begin at 7:30 P.M. and
perhaps sooner. Item No. 9 has been moved to 11B basically. That would
be commencing in the vicinity of 9:30 P.M. , perhaps sooner. Mr. de Geus,
do you have any response to any of the issues raised by members of the
public or would you like us to just ask those questions if there's a follow-up?

Mr. de Geus:    I think it best to have the Council ask questions, and we'll
respond.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Definitely not ready to make a Motion yet myself.
I'll defer that to others. I actually did want to pick up the hint from the

                                                                         Page 23 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
