                          TRANSCRIPT
gather and mix, interact with each other. Retail plays a critical role in that.
I think we also have to recognize that commerce is changing. Every day
there are articles in the Wall Street Journal about traditional retailers having
trouble, losing market, changing, adapting. The next 10 years is going to
see quite a change in what we shop for, where we shop for it, how we do it.
How do we keep alive that essence of the City, of the mixing and gathering
with the commercial retail sector that's dramatically changing? I think it is
good that we focus on our Downtown. It's the most dynamic and maybe
rapidly changing area of town and a place where we can get characteristics
that might work elsewhere. A good starting point is a definition. What is
retail? I note that the definition we used in the ordinance is retail is
primarily engaged in selling, and then turns into a 15-line sentence that lists
all kinds of things. If you go down those lists, those are the things that are
changing. What's on the list today might not be there tomorrow. I think it'd
be nice to have a definition of what we mean by retail. As an economist, I
think you go to any basic textbook, and retail is the sale of goods and
services to the public in relatively small quantities for final use or
consumption. It'd be nice to have a definition like that, and then you can
ask the question for each of those items in the next 15 lines does it fit
closely or is this moving further away from the essence of final use, small
quantities, people, public, moving in and out. I think that would be helpful.
One thing we're running into in our work is transitional areas. The other
night we had a discussion about Lytton. What is it? East of Waverley,
where offices are moving in, in denser and denser format, but we haven't
really worked out is this part of the core or not, should it be made part of
the retail core as well. Where does a retail core end and stop? We talked
about major changes east of Hamilton that could bring big changes. Tonight
we're looking at Addison. We've looked at Waverley with the transitional
areas. What's the role of retail in transitional areas? How do you keep that
dynamic of the core and the transitional area? I think the point was made a
couple of times that the most obvious place for retail is probably in mixed
use. Retail and housing fit together very nicely. We can't recreate Paris,
but they have done a very good job of mixing housing and retail. I think it
is important to step back a little bit, to recognize the goals we want to
achieve, that retail is part of keeping the essence of a city where people
gather, mix, exchange ideas, work together, live together. We need to be
sensitive to where retail goes. While we're looking at these bigger issues
maybe in the Downtown and SOFA, we shouldn't give up what currently is
retail just because office today happens to have higher returns. Keep
options alive as we move down the road of deciding where it is best mapped
in our Downtown and other areas of town.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

                                                                        Page 78 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
