                          TRANSCRIPT
or next year. A lot of companies have promised full autonomy by the end of
the decade. It's well within the horizon of thinking about building new
roads. Take another example, electrified and shared. The big cost today is
the battery. If I'm sharing, swapping in and out of vehicles based on my
trip, I rent a big car battery for my trip to Tahoe, a small car battery for my
trip across town that comes with the vehicle, now suddenly actually the cost
upfront isn't even that high anymore. Of course, if I have autonomous and
shared and electric, when I don't need the car, they go and charge
themselves somewhere away. They don't actually need to be parked. This
is mobility as a service when you really fully deploy it. Pencil out the
numbers, and that's where you get to the 9 cents per mile all-in. Suddenly
everybody can afford transportation. One caveat on this, and this is my
closing thought before I get to a brief recap of how can we act on this as a
City. If I deploy just autonomy, there's a really nasty scenario here. If
autonomy comes in as a luxury feature on a high-end vehicle, guess what?
People will move more into the hills and move further out of town; we'll get
more sprawl. Suddenly that painful commute isn't so painful any more for
the people who can afford that luxury autonomous car, because they're
doing work the whole time, watching a movie, doing their email, whatever it
might be. It's only when it's in combination with electrification where I
knock out the emissions, and sharing where I actually get that higher
utilization, and the connectedness where I can decrease the space or if I
want to build autonomous carpool lanes where I encourage sharing and
autonomy at the same time, that I really get these benefits where it's much
cheaper.      Suddenly it becomes a great last-mile solution for those
intermediate distances. I might take the train down the Peninsula and then
hop into an autonomous car for the last mile or two and get home with great
convenience door to door. It's all demand. It's all on my app. Last slide
here. It's Monday night, so what can you do Tuesday morning? What are
some of the things that are mostly under local control that we can begin to
shape? Again, obviously for debate, how exactly we localize this for Palo
Alto. First from a planning point of view, really important to plan road and
transit together. As we have these app.’s, these systems will interconnect
and converge.       You're seeing that in the behavior of the under 35
demographic. I mentioned the planning. Don't assume that we keep having
increasing Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT), don't assume we need increasing
road capacity. As these technologies come in, we'll get more traffic for the
same lanes, and we won't have increasing VMT forever. Yes, as we grow
population, that will still increase VMT, but per capita we're flat. Don't
assume it keeps going up. Factoring these learning curves of when new
technologies become cheap enough, whether it's the electric battery,
whether it's the sensor systems. Land use. We need to figure out how to
coordinate with our sister cities up and down the Peninsula to actually place
housing and jobs near transit to allow a little bit of increase in density.
                                                                        Page 30 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
