                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I don't know if I'm missing a slide. The questions
about the head tax versus a gross receipts, could you compare the
responses between those two options?

Mr. Metz: Yeah. The top of Slide 16 here is where we tested the gross
receipts tax. It was the only alternative mechanism that we saw half of
voters willing to support, a margin of 50 to 45. The head tax, obviously our
initial support based on the ballot language designed for that was at 65
percent. However, this is not an apples to apples comparison. Because the
primary objective, based on the direction we had, was to test the viability of
the head tax, that was the only funding mechanism that we tested with full
ballot language in a series of arguments. While this gives some relative
sense of how voters might feel about alternative mechanisms, none of them
were explored in the same depth as the head tax nor were they subject to
the same detailed ballot language that we presented for the head tax
initially.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I think my slides are different; for some
reason, I'm looking at a different set. Looking at Slide 12, it says ...

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, are you in the second poll?

Council Member DuBois: I think I am. It's in the current Staff Report.

Mayor Burt: Don't we have both of them in there?          I'm just wondering
whether that's ...

Council Member DuBois: Maybe that's my issue. Here it is. I was looking at
a slide that was saying a 57 support for the head count tax. Was that either
the first poll or that was after ...

Mayor Burt: That was the first poll.

Mr. Metz: I think that was the first poll.

Council Member DuBois: It actually went up between the first poll and the
second poll?

Mr. Metz: Yes. Although, the nature of the question we asked was different.
This was the language we tested in this poll, which was a draft 75-word
ballot question.  In the first poll, we tested a shorter, more vague,
conceptual statement.


                                                                        Page 51 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
