                          TRANSCRIPT
we allocated more money in 2017, it wasn't clear that it was actually going
to be able to be put to work. The proper focus for that would be 2018 as
opposed to trying to shoehorn it into the 2017 budget. I think that's where
we came out.

Council Member Homan: Yes, that's accurate. It was to potentially provide
direction to Staff to allocate that much funding in 2018 budget.

Council Member Filseth: The only other thing that I would say is that
throughout this process we found it much easier to add things into the
budget than to remove them.

Council Member Kniss: If I could just continue on from there. To use an
outdated term, it's a bit loosey-goosey with $500,000 going to Planning.
This is one of those cases where you look at the Planning Director and say,
"Is this going to work for you, Hillary?" Hillary seems to say, "Yes, it will." I
think the urban design support is very important, because we spent a couple
of nights discussing exactly this, what design guidelines would look like. We
know they exist some place. The Middlefield Road traffic analysis I've been
very involved with. I'd particularly like to see this happen. That's been a
patient group of people who have been waiting for something to happen in
this area. Thanks to Ed on this topic as well; he spent a lot of time on it. As
far as shuttle and RPP, you do need some contingency fund there, because
you're right. You don't know when the next RPP is going to come forth. As I
said before, Pat, are we going to go through these one by one and indicate
who is where or do you look for something a little more sweeping?

Mayor Burt: We'll have a Motion, and Council Members are welcome to
make any changes to what is basically in the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Kniss:          These   are   all   recommendations,        as      we're
understanding. Correct?

Mayor Burt: I don't know what "these" are.

Council Member Kniss: I'm looking just at that same seven again. Areas of
differing opinions.

Mayor Burt: No. They're not Staff recommendations, no.

Council Member Kniss: That's why I asked the question.

Mayor Burt: Any of these—if you're talking about the seven bullet points,
rolling over from Page 129 to 130, any of those would require specific
inclusion in a Motion to alter from what is the Staff recommendation.

                                                                              Page 38 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
