                          TRANSCRIPT
voting for Council Member Burt. Vice Mayor Schmid voting for Vice Mayor
Schmid. Council Member Wolbach voting for Council Member Burt. Council
Member Burt has gotten five votes.

NOMINATION FOR COUNCIL MEMBER SCHMID FAILED:                      4-5 DuBois,
Filseth, Holman, Schmid yes

NOMINATION FOR COUNCIL MEMBER BURT PASSED:                       5-4 Berman,
Burt, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach yes

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We will now switch places. I'll leave the script
here for you for the rest of the meeting.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I'll just offer a few comments before we go on to
election of the Vice Mayor. First, thank you to my colleagues for your
support, and to the community for entrusting me with these responsibilities.
As we look at our challenges ahead, we will need to continue the important
initiatives that the City Council worked on this past year under Mayor
Holman's leadership, including taking the reins in managing commercial
growth, protecting our local retail, addressing parking problems, updating
our Comprehensive Plan, and a range of other initiatives. This year we also
need to develop a plan and funding to improve our local transportation
system. We must also work to protect our local affordable housing, its
current supply and our plan to address new housing obligations in ways with
the least impacts on our community. We'll also be adopting an updated
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. This Plan needs to provide for
protecting our natural environment, creating long-term sustainable water
and transportation systems, preparing for emergencies, and continuing our
progress towards sustainable and affordable energy. It's important to
remember that all that we provide as a City government is founded on our
finances. We must build on the major progress we've made in recent years
through increased investment in streets, bikeways and infrastructure. This
has been done while making our finances more sound and sustainable.
Through new efficiencies in how we deliver services along with pension and
benefit reforms, we have gone from long-term deficits and a questionable
financial future just a few years ago to strong finances and current budget
surpluses. Our final leg of achieving financial sustainability must be to begin
a program to pay down our unfunded pension liability. The Council last year
made a commitment to address this. Lastly, we will need to recognize that
our ambitious agenda cannot be accomplished at once or in a single year.
Our strong and talented Staff is willing to take on multiple challenges. We
as a Council and as a community need to set priorities and recognize
realistic limits to what can be done each year. Thank you again. I look


                                                                          Page 6 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/4/16
