                          TRANSCRIPT
a bathroom there. There is no bathroom there. I would like to see us
eventually build this bathroom. Lalo, correct me if I'm wrong. I got the
sense it was about 300,000 to build a bathroom.

Mr. Perez: It's around that figure, depending on whether it's unisex or we
separate them.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's easy to say let's take $300,000 and give it to them
and not sell the TDRs, but that's $300,000 that we could then use to build a
bathroom, unless we're going to spend $600,000 out of the General Fund.
In dealing with the issue of precedent, I think one of the things we have to
think about as a Council is selling of TDRs is in our Ordinance. This is the
current City policy. We might want to change City policy. I don't think it's a
precedent issue. The precedent has already been there. This was done in
2007. It is current City policy to sell those TDRs. If you don't like to sell
TDRs—it's a legitimate question—then we need to have a policy discussion
as a Council and change our Ordinance. We should do that sooner than
later. I don't think there are any precedential issues here. I think it's a real
minimal impact of 2,500 square foot. Therefore, I think we should go ahead
and sell those TDRs. Are you looking for Motions now?

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll just make a Motion that we go ahead and do the
Staff recommendation.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to:

A.    Approve the Request for Proposal (RFP) for the sale of 2,500 square
      feet of Transferrable Development Rights (TDR) from the Sea Scout
      Building (without inclusion of parking exemptions) at the minimum
      starting price of $225 per square foot; and

B.    Authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute and complete
      the sale of the subject TDR that do not contain “Parking Exemption
      Rights” to the highest qualified bidder(s), at a price not less than $225
      per square foot; and

C.    Authorize the City Manager or his designee to reimburse the
      Environmental Volunteers (EV) in the amount of $300,000 from the
      sale proceeds of the TDR for expenses incurred for the rehabilitation
      and capital improvement of the Sea Scout Building.
                                                                             Page 13 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
