                         TRANSCRIPT
we've emphasized in our work as a Board. The first obviously is programs.
The TMA can't have an impact without programs to get folks out of their cars
and into other modes of transportation. The second is really about providing
accurate information and outreach. If people don't know about the TMA,
then they can't—have to use the word "vehicles" to getting out of their car
and into other modes of transportation. Really about increasing awareness
and partnering with the City, the Chamber, the Downtown Association and
everyone in the community to work on that. Partnerships, it's impossible for
us to be successful without partnerships with transit partners, communities
and the Council to make this successful. I think this one is really the fourth
bullet point but could be the top line item, a sustainable budget. It's really
being able to look to the TMA as something that funds the future success of
Palo Alto, continues to make it a great place to live, work, dine, play. Last,
the TMA should be an advocate for not just Palo Alto but sort of the regional
forward-thinking transportation options and TDM in this area. A recap of
what we've been doing. This is (inaudible) bullet point. I think one of our
proud accomplishments with sort of our modest means is the launch of the
Scoop program in the beginning of April. As of last Friday, we've hit our
goal. We hit a goal of 300 registered users. As of last Friday, we have 320
registered users. I have a few details I'll refer to here just to give you
additional information. 500 trips already. A 68 percent match which is
great by standards, but we're shooting for a 90 percent match. I think
that's a real example of how the community is ready for options to switch
modes, to get out of their cars and find other ways to work. Meetings with
Caltrain and SamTrans. Starting to talk with Caltrain about options to get
passes to folks, not just in the large businesses but in the small businesses
like mine, and use the train and make train a reliable and affordable option
to move in and out of Palo Alto.           Talking about pilot programs with
SamTrans. We've had some exciting conversations about a bulk pass
program with them, and they're doing some analysis for us that we'll be
working on very soon. As you know, the second annual employee survey is
in process. We're excited for the results of that. We were pleased from the
first year's results to find that we had a 55 percent Single Occupancy Vehicle
(SOV) rate in Palo Alto, which is great. We're hoping that we continue to
see progress from this year's survey as the results come in. Prepared a
draft Business Plan which you all have this evening to look over and to
scratch up and have questions back at us. One of our upcoming meetings—I
actually have a meeting on Thursday afternoon that you're invited to attend,
talking about the formation of a resident advisory committee, sort of
creating that one Palo Alto community, residents and business. We've had a
focus group—one of our Board Members is from Ideo. One of our Board had
a focus group that involved low-wage workers from East Palo Alto in some
targeted areas that came up with interesting findings about really the ways
service workers move around, in and out of Palo Alto and some of the
                                                                            Page 70 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
