                          TRANSCRIPT

27, Policy C-4.1. I think there's a great opportunity to add it there. Also
under community health and well-being, there's a great opportunity there to
also recognize the multiple health benefits of having a healthy urban canopy.
I think that should be added. On page C-27 and C-28, on C-27, there's a
reference—Council Member DuBois spoke to part of this earlier. C-27 in the
green block, it says use National Recreation and Park Association standards
as guidelines. I would propose we get rid of the words as guidelines. We
should just use the standards, because they are the standards. That's
referenced also on the next page. Again on packet page C-28, Policy C-4.8,
there's not really a reference to studios and galleries which I think should be
added. I didn't understand what was intended there at the end of C-4.8.
It's and other cultural activities including virtual recreation and other
activities made possible by technical innovation while maintaining and
enhancing natural areas. I kind of didn't understand the meaning of that. It
seemed like an awkward transition to different purposes. C-4.10, it just
seemed like that in residential or neighborhood commercial development
projects, it seemed like that was limited. I don't know why we wouldn't do
that with mixed use and blah, blah, blah. That seemed limited. Some of the
things in here seem like we're mandating things, that I have a little bit of
concern about. If I can find my note real quickly here. I may have to come
back to that one. On the Plan page C-29, Policy C-5.2, promote programs
that sustain and then the physical and mental health. I would say enhance
and increase the physical and mental health. On the bottom of the page,
5.3, it says celebrate cultural diversity. Why wouldn't we celebrate all
diversity, not just cultural diversity? That's a question there. Urban Forest
Master Plan, again I think could be highlighted on page C-30. There's
something else in here, and I'm not finding it at this moment. There's an
approach in this that talks about physical health and mental health as being
different because they're both health and well-being. It's physical and
mental health. In here, as I read it, they're broken out differently. They're
both health. I would say we change the language to physical and mental
health. I look to Council Member Kniss to support that. Those are my only
comments at this moment. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I just want to confirm with Council
Member Holman, you covered some of the urban tree canopy and urban
forest kind of concerns.   Did you cover in your comments, Katherine
Martineau had sent in some comments. Did you get both of those? It's on
page C-13 and then on page C-5.7.

                                                                         Page 28 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
