                         TRANSCRIPT
within the Fire Department and Council-adopted performance of eight
minutes or less 90 percent of the time.

Council Member Berman: You've got pretty strong faith in the software and
in the results that they're ...

Mr. Nickel: Absolutely. We've been using it very effectively for the last two
years.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I think that my questions were covered
by those by Council Member Berman. I'll save further questions until …

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I had some similar questions, but I wanted to
follow up a little more in-depth on them.        You had a very moving
presentation about saving lives and talked about seconds and minutes
counting. I've got to say it's a little ironic that we're now having this
discussion. What I'm taking out of this—this is my question. The Rinconada
Park Tennis Court is a better location for the Fire Department. Is that
correct?

Mr. Nickel: If you look at it from an operational perspective, the closer we
can stay to the current station location, that's better operationally. When
we worked with our partners in the other departments, we had to balance
lots of different factors. You are correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's cheaper. Not by much, like $20,000, $30,000. I'm
doing that math in my head. Is that roughly true?

Mr. Nickel: I would have to let somebody from Public Works—they did the
financial analysis on that piece.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director: Good evening. Brad
Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public Works. Yes, if you're just comparing
potential lost rent revenue and our estimated cost, it's slightly cheaper. The
one thing I would want to point out about the lost revenues at what's now
the GreenWaste site is that essentially GreenWaste had already determined
and the Council had voted to have them move to the Los Altos treatment
plant site. Where we're talking about estimated lost revenue, that's kind of
making the assumption that the revenue is lost if our real estate division

                                                                       Page 32 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
