                          TRANSCRIPT
briefly on each of these aspects of the program. Regarding education, our
kindergarteners, first and second graders receive pedestrian safety lessons
each year. Our third graders receive two classroom lessons that culminate
in a bicycle rodeo. I want to point out that the third grade bike rodeo itself
is a collaboration with school staff, PTA volunteers, the police, Palo Alto
Medical Foundation, Stanford Injury Prevention and other partners. Our fifth
and sixth graders receive a lesson reminding them to make safer choices
when out on the roads. Families with middle schoolers can sign up for our
middle school bike skills class that we offer in partnership with Wheel Kids
Bicycle Club in Palo Alto. Parents with younger children can enroll in our
family biking workshops that are run by the Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition,
or parents can opt for a parents only class entitled "Bringing Up Bicyclists."
Encouragement events are key to changing the culture on campus regarding
walking, biking, carpooling and taking transit. At least twice a year and
sometimes more often, PTA volunteers organize events to celebrate the use
of alternative modes school wide. I know that some Council Members have
participated in these events, getting up early to greet our families as they
arrive at school on foot or by bike. Thank you for your support of our
program. It's important for our parents to see your enthusiasm for these
healthy choices.      Other kinds of PTA-organized encouragement events
include "how did you get to school" sticker charts, which you see here on the
top right; pancake breakfasts; bike blenders; handing out stickers or
stamping hands. Sometimes these events are folded into green team events
for Earth Day in the spring. The photo here is of the recent event at Terman
Middle School for Earth Day. You see the Terman tiger there in the back. A
nice trend is that at the middle schools these events are increasingly
student-organized. Another important encouragement effort is the creation
of our Walk and Roll Maps for all schools in the district and for the Monroe
Park neighborhood. The maps show the best walking and biking routes; the
estimated walking and biking times; the location of crossing guards, traffic
signals, all-way stops; and the location of bike parking on each campus. The
maps convey the message that we are a community that supports walking
and biking so much that we've done some of the work for parents to help
them try these modes. Developed alongside these maps were lists of
projects that the City and School District could undertake to enhance
student safety in route to school and on campus. I'll say more about these
project lists soon. We cannot do this work effectively without our police
force and our beloved traffic team, who enforce the laws for drivers and
cyclists. The police fund and oversee our adult crossing guards. Our Police
Chief supports our program with a letter for parents each fall with safety tips
for all road users. The police run our juvenile traffic diversion program,
which gives an opportunity for youth who have received citations to attend a
bicycle law traffic school in lieu of paying a fine. Engineering our streets and
campuses for student safety is another key piece of our work.                Our
                                                                          Page 3 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
