                          TRANSCRIPT
Tod Spieker, Windy Hill: Hi. My name is Tod Spieker with Windy Hill
Property Ventures. Thank you, Claire, and thank you, Council Members, for
giving your thoughtful consideration to our project. Windy Hill Property
Ventures is a Palo Alto-based real estate development company. I'm here
tonight with one of my two business partners, Jamie D'Alessandro. We
primarily work in San Mateo and Santa Clara Counties with a strong focus on
transit-oriented sites. Within the last year, we have entitled transit-oriented
projects in San Mateo and San Carlos. As mentioned in the Staff Report,
this was the former VTA site purchased by Pollack Financial, and they
proposed a primarily office but mixed-use project. As part of the feedback
during the prescreening a year ago, seven of the nine Council Members
mentioned either the jobs/housing imbalance and the need for more housing
or the site being an appropriate location for more housing in Palo Alto.
Based on that feedback from Council, Windy Hill and Pollack Financial formed
a partnership where Windy Hill would propose to entitle a small-unit housing
project. What is this project? This is a four-story, residential project above
one level of parking. The building is comprised of 60 studio and one-
bedroom units with an average square footage of 562 square feet. These
units are intended for single and in some cases double occupancy. These
are meant for people looking for a place to live close to where they work.
While we think it's important of families to have an opportunity for housing
in Palo Alto, this is not that project. This project will not have an impact on
the schools. These units are meant for people working close by. As
mentioned in the Staff Report, given these are smaller units, by their nature
they will be more attainable than the typical-sized one-bedroom or studio
unit in Palo Alto. Also because of the size of the units, we can fit more units
within the building envelope that do not put the unneeded strain on schools
and services, and they specifically address the City's housing goals. In the
prior screening and in some of the recent feedback we've received, RM-40 is
referenced as a more appropriate zoning for dense housing projects in Palo
Alto. If we were to apply for the RM-40 on this site, we would get 17 units
with an average square footage of 1,000 square feet, but these are two and
three-bedroom units. RM-40 is currently Palo Alto's most dense zoning. In
the garage, we have 45 stalls, 19 of which are standard stalls and 26 of
which are accessed through parking lifts. We have our parking lift expert,
David LoCoco, from Watry Design here and his team has been involved in
numerous parking lift systems up and down the Peninsula. Per feedback
from Staff, we are now showing two standard parking stalls as car share
stalls. We are showing bike storage on both the garage level and the first
floor with a total capacity for 84 bikes. On the ground floor, we have a bike
kitchen. This bike kitchen will act as a bike storage location as well as other
bike amenities. In addressing the feedback for ground-floor retail, we are
open to having this bike kitchen available to the public and possibly leased
or given to a Palo Alto-based bike shop where they can sell supplies,
                                                                         Page 4 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
