                          TRANSCRIPT
considered in that, and neither was these dewatering problems. Staff says
it's possible now to have people build something so they don't have to
dewater after something is built, but what happens if they do? Are they
going to make them tear down the building? I don't think so. The
comments of Mr. Garber also go into something else in terms of what
happened in 1989 and that is there's a lot of money to be made on all that
extra basement. The water coming from Oregon Expressway or the Hetch
Hetchy water is not the same thing as taking dewatering from areas that are
essentially coming from your next door neighbors and maybe two or three
houses down ...

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Mr. Borock.

Mr. Borock: ... for this thing. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Also as having been the Chair of the Policy and Services
Committee last year when we reviewed this, I should briefly report out on
the discussions of the Committee. Although my recollection is that these
recommendations were approved unanimously by the Committee, the
Committee felt that this was a subject that would be of enough interest to
both the community and the Council that we recommended it come back as
an Action Item rather than a Consent Calendar item. I think that the public
interest and Council interest is confirmed tonight. In our discussions, we
had a great deal of interest in the breadth of this issue. What we found was
that there are today, despite having three major studies that we're relying
on from over a period of roughly 10 to 15 years ago, there's a real data gap
that exists today. We really don't know some of the information on are
there real impacts beyond what we have thought there were historically and
on this whole range of issues. We had one follow-up which there may not be
any response yet. Phil, maybe you can let us know. We had talked about
approaching the Santa Clara Valley Water District to include this subject
matter within the water recycling essentially research budget that was put
forward. Is that still going forward?

Mr. Bobel: Yes, they are 100 percent supporting that.

Mayor Burt: Do we have any sense of the time horizon in which additional
studies may come forward? Would they come in phases or one complete
study?

Mr. Bobel: It'll definitely come in phases. We're almost done with the
scope. The RFP could go out within the next several months and contract
award. It'll be a complicated RFP, a large dollar amount. It may be that the
contract award would spill over into early FY '17. I'd say the first significant

                                                                         Page 52 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
