                          TRANSCRIPT
FAA technical presentation that he gave at an FAA meeting with Anna
Eshoo's representatives October 9, 2015. You have all the heat maps; you
have all the data; you can see how it's shifted. It's very clear what's
happened to Palo Alto. Let's see. I didn't want to just reread my letter or
anything. I'm just going to try to make some comments and try to be
coherent. Last week I spoke about Surfer 1 and point raise. I thought that
the feasibility study was going to only talk about Surfer 1. Actually that's
what happened. They are trying to make some little changes to Surfer 1,
which is the southern route, all the LA planes that come up. I did show you,
and I gave you all copies, that 45 percent of our traffic is from the point
raise, the Teardrop, and 10 percent is Oceanic. That wasn't even on the
table. Surfer 1 changes aren't really going to affect us either. Let's see. I
actually keep going back to City Council meeting April 29th, two years ago,
2014. At that time was the first time the FAA—we found notice that there
was going to be—that flights were changing, things were changing and they
had to input draft environmental assessment of the formal maps that the
FAA was then going to use. Actually, they were not inviting comments on
the actual changes to the air routes, which they had changed. They had to
go through this environmental assessment, invite the public. For their
formal air traffic routes to match the routes that they had already changed.
They basically admitted that they changed the routes, but then they had
to—anyway, it doesn't make any sense, but that's what they did. Here we
are two years later, I feel that there's a smoke screen where they keep
saying, "We can't shift noise. We can't shift noise." If you look at all the
data, you've got the maps now. I sent them all to you from Dr. Christel.
They have shifted the routes, almost all of them, substantially south. We
are now the conga line from three main areas over Palo Alto. I think that
Congresswoman Eshoo, since her district changed—she was representing
Atherton and other parts of San Mateo District. Now, she's here. I don't
really know how you're going to solve this. I don't think we all have the
same purpose or goals in mind. The data doesn't lie. You'll see that; it's
pretty clear. No one's refuted the data. I also think that you should start
with our City Attorney start pursuing a legal strategy, because I really do not
see—I'm sorry. I'm a little pessimistic here. I do not see after all these
years that it's going to change.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communication period.
Just for anyone who's not familiar with the ground rules, the Council is
forbidden from engaging in discussion on items that are not on the Agenda.
Oral Communications are to listen to the community, but we can't respond
at this time.




                                                                        Page 13 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
