                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I have put my name up again for the Bay Area Air
Quality Management District. Full disclosure. That's it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's not quite full disclosure, Liz, but I'll get to that in
my comments.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: First of all, I think we should recognize that next year,
which is a huge accomplishment, if Liz is reappointed to the Air Board that
she will be President of the Air Board. In fact, one of the San Francisco
Supervisors took me aside and said, "I just wanted to tell you what a great
job Liz does on the Air Board and that I'm really looking forward to her being
President next year." I do think we should notice that.

Council Member Kniss: Wow, that must (inaudible).

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to say that the City Manager sent you a
link to do the survey for the ABAG/MTC merger stuff. I would really
appreciate it if all of you would fill it out. It'll make me look bad if my
Council doesn't fill it out. No, it's really an important thing to do. I think we
should all fill it out and have some input into that. I went to another
ABAG/MTC merger discussion last Friday.             We talked about different
government structures of how what we call the SGOCs were, which is really
what ABAG and MTC are, in the rest of the state. There were a lot of
different governance options. I was actually encouraged about the fact of
the choices. If anyone ever wants this information, I can always scan it and
send it to whoever wants it, but I don't want to burden you with pages if you
are not interested. I also am going back for the League of Cities meeting.
At the same time, I'm also going back for the American Power Association
meeting which is also taking place at the same time, which is good, two
things at once. I think that's all my comments. Yeah.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I will be going back to the National League of
Cities meeting.     At that time, we are setting up meetings with our
Congressional representative and others in D.C. on issues such as airplane
noise and other issues that we have been working on as a City. I would also
like to just share that yesterday I had the pleasure to participate and speak
at a large interfaith event at the East Bay Islamic Center. It was really an
event centered around demonstrating that our region does not abide by nor
condone the sort of intolerance that has been promoted nationally in the
campaigns that are going on. In fact, tolerance is not an adequate standard.
It is one of community and embracing diversity and sharing values. This
was an event you may have read about in the Mercury this morning. It was
really a wonderful event. The faith-based speakers from the full breadth of
                                                                           Page 63 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/29/16
