                          TRANSCRIPT
than the original four scenarios but kind of built from them. They were
conceivable as a result of a planning process that's already considering these
issues, a direction that we'd already been receiving from the Council. In
that sense, initially we were thinking, "Maybe we're starting here to build
what will ultimately be the preferred alternative." I think those who have
challenged us to analyze higher housing numbers are making a good point.
The higher we go in terms of our analysis, the more we analyze that
potential decision point, not that we have to go there at the end of the day,
but we have a data point that we can use to inform our decision. I'm
dodging your question a little bit, because both are possible courses of
action this evening. We're interested in the Council's take on which of those
two directions you see as most important or useful at this juncture in the
planning process.

Mr. Keene: May I add something to that? Your question is a really good
one. On the one hand, what the Staff is asking the Council to do is to
establish a vision of sorts, even though these measures might be more
intuitive visions. Like a number on job growth and a number on housing
growth, different people have different even feelings about what that
symbolizes. By having a broader boundary, you in one sense are being
more inclusive of the fact that there are different points of view. Once
again, none of that in the EIR means that's what the Council will ultimately
choose as far as the vision and the scale of what the community will look like
over the next 15 years. As we look at the second cut of this, again going
back to Vice Mayor Scharff's question, the number in and of itself won't be
the whole litmus test. The implications of what has to happen to reach
those numbers will be other values-based decisions that you would have to
say, "We can support that. We can't support that." At least, potentially if
you can work through that process, you will have in many ways said to the
public, "This is what we're going to look at and these are the boundaries and
these are the reasons why we can do it and these are the reasons why we
can't do it," as opposed to potentially "We reject that point of view" or "We
reject this point of view right now." There actually is kind of a silver lining to
the fact that there is a disagreement right now, that the EIR process could
help clarify to everybody what it really takes to make or maintain the Palo
Alto people want in 15 years from now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Sort of along the same lines, in response to a
question or comment that Council Member Filseth made. One of the reasons
that we had a lot of people, not the only reason, write to us about 550—I'm
conflicted on that, so I'm not talking about them. I'm just using it as
example—is because there's a visual. There's a visual and there's a specific
                                                                          Page 67 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/16/16
