                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Nickel: It's a joint project between labor and management. Labor puts
up all the money to pay for the goods. Basically the folks from IFF are doing
all the cooking at the fire stations. It's really a joint effort. Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you for doing that. That was a nice donation.

Chief Nickel: You're welcome. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Chief Nickel: Have a good evening.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. I
just want to clarify that we have—at your places you will see that we have
changed the sequence of the Action Items. Formerly Item 13 is the first
Action Item; 12 remains the second; and Item Number 11 is the final Action
Item. The Stanford housing units will be the first one. The Comp Plan
housing update, the second. A mitigated negative declaration on a sludge
handling facility at the wastewater treatment plant will be the final.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt:     Our next item is the City Manager Comments.               Mr. City
Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, members of Council. I
guess Chief Nickel has exited the building.           I just would not only
acknowledge him, but just by the classiness of his comments here before the
Council. I think shifting the attention to his staff and his team is just
symbolic of the kind of culture he's working hard to cultivate in the
Department. I'd also just say if we could just sort of think over the course
of a year how many recognitions for various departmental accreditations or
excellent service the Council gets to see both from your City Staff, but also
from volunteers and other groups throughout our fine City. I have a couple
of things to report. A few of them are a little bit—they sound a little bit
longwinded, but I just wanted to be sure that we were sharing all of the
information relating to these items. First of all, one of our favorite topics in
town, leaf blowers. I did want to make clear that over the next month or so,
our public should start to see information in their utility bill and other
outreach materials, reminding our community not to use gas-powered leaf
blowers to clean up their yards. While this ordinance has been on the books
for more than a decade, we continue to receive complaints about the noise
and emissions associated with gas-powered leaf blowers. We are asking our
                                                                         Page 26 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
