              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Special Meeting
                                                          December 12, 2016

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:08 P.M.

Present:   Burt, DuBois arrived at 5:50 P.M., Filseth, Holman, Kniss,
           Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.   Discussion of the Challenges and Accomplishments of the City Council.

Mayor Burt: Our first order tonight is a Study Session, which is a discussion
by the Council of the challenges and accomplishments that the City has
faced in recent years and has before them on the horizon. This is going to
be an opportunity for us to really discuss and reflect a bit more deeply, not
just on the most immediate issues that we have faced and have before us
but an opportunity to look back retrospectively more and more toward the
long term as well and wrap up this year and, for those of you who will be on
the Council next year, to launch next year's work in that framework. I took
the liberty of writing up, as best I could, a summary of the major issues that
we've tackled over the last eight years plus and tried to frame a number of
the major challenges that we have before us as a community for the coming
years and decades. I'll apologize in advance for a moderately long piece,
but it's a summation of a lot of work that everyone has done over quite a bit
of time and trying to really frame where we're headed from here, at least
some concepts of issues that we're facing. Here goes. As we look back on
this past year, we also need to reflect on a broader timeframe, reviewing our
accomplishments and challenges ahead. When I joined the Council with
Council Member Schmid in 2008, we faced numerous issues: long-term
deficits driven by unsustainable pension and benefit costs for our
employees; a City government that was not as efficient or innovative as the
community needed; and inadequate funds to invest in our decaying
infrastructure. Within months, we were hit by the great recession, making
overcoming these issues even more challenging. The critical need was
financial reform. Without sound finances, our ability to provide high-quality
services and invest in our future just wasn't possible.        The City was


                                                                     Page 1 of 114
