                          TRANSCRIPT
Rebecca Byrne: Good evening, Council Members. Thank you so much for
this opportunity to speak. My name is Rebecca Byrne; I am the housing
development advocate from Housing Choices, which was briefly mentioned
by our presenters tonight. I want to tell you a little bit about this unmet
housing need in Palo Alto. According to the California Department of
Developmental Services, there are 469 citizens in Palo Alto who have
developmental disabilities. Of these citizens, 222 of them are adults who
could be living independently. Unfortunately because of how high rental
rates are, only 48 of them currently live in their own apartments. I would
also like to echo something that Linnea said. There has been a lot of
discussion about parking and traffic.        Most adults with developmental
disabilities do not drive or own cars. If there were units added to the Cal
Park site and there were set-aside units for people with developmental
disabilities, that would not contribute to any congestion or parking or traffic.
Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Maria Marriott to be followed by Adrian Fine.

Maria Marriott: Hi. Thank you for bringing this issue. I really appreciate all
the work that you're doing to bringing affordable housing to people with
developmental disabilities. I am a resident of Palo Alto. My husband and
myself, we have had a house here since 1984, so we are longtime residents.
We have three children. Our oldest son, Noah, is 18, and he's a senior at
Paly. He is going to be moving towards independence in the coming years.
This is his community; this is his home, and it is our home as well. I work
as a teacher in the community. My husband works in Palo Alto. Having our
son be able to be contributing to the same community that he's grown up
with and see the same people, the librarians that have gotten to know him
and know what books he wants when he comes into the library, and the
people at the Apple store who see him coming in and know his name, all of
those kinds of things that make him who he is, that's what we want for him
as he continues his life. When I imagine uprooting him and having to place
him in housing somewhere far away from where we live, even if we moved
with him, it would take so much time and another 20 years of his life for him
to relearn and re-grow into a community that he already has here with all of
you. That's our hope, that we can find affordable housing and keep him in
his home and us in our home. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Adrian Fine to be followed by Jane Uyvava.

Adrian Fine:    Thank you, Council Members, and thank you, Palo Alto
Housing, for this presentation. It was excellent. As we all know, Palo Alto
Housing forms the backbone of many of our affordable needs here in Palo
Alto, and I really am thankful to you for supporting them and giving them

                                                                         Page 24 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
