                          TRANSCRIPT
engaged in valuable collaborations to rebuild our children's Museum and
Zoo, to create a Palo Alto history museum and to expand the Avenidas
Senior Center. In 2015, the City rejuvenated and made more pedestrian the
California Avenue business downtown area. After 17 years of fits and starts,
the Council last year funded and approved a new Public Safety Building as
part of our infrastructure master plan, largely funded by revenues from new
hotels and higher hotel tax rates, which the City Council dedicated to that
plan. This building will be located on Sherman Avenue and replace the
cramped and seismically unsafe police headquarters on Forest that we have
today. The new Public Safety Building will also integrate the department's
administrative Staff, the Office of Emergency Services and the Emergency
Operations Center. We're also rebuilding two unsafe and under-sized fire
stations and adding parking garages to address needs in the University
Avenue and California Avenue downtowns. In August, we broke ground on
the $41 million San Francisquito Creek flood protection project that has been
too long in the making. When the first phase from the Bay to the Highway
101 is complete, homes and businesses will be protected from a 100-year
flood event. Concurrently our municipal golf course is being transformed as
part of the flood control work. When it reopens in the fall of 2017, it'll be a
smaller course with turf that's been turned into a better, more compact
landscape that incorporates native-environment vegetation of the Baylands
while significantly reducing maintenance costs and reducing water use by
one-third. We've also greatly improved our storm water system and built an
emergency water supply reservoir under El Camino Park. Together from
2012 to 2021, we'll have invested over $300 million above our 2010 baseline
for funding infrastructure improvements. This is an investment based on our
fiscal reforms that was considered beyond our reach just a few years ago.
Last month, Measure B was passed, a County sales tax for transportation.
For the first time, it provides hundreds of millions of dollars toward
construction of Caltrain grade separations in Palo Alto. The City's now
launching an extensive design and community engagement process needed
for these monumental projects to be fully funded and constructed. Our
sustainable community. Palo Alto has a long history of leadership on
environmental fronts. In the '60s and '70s, we led curbside recycling, open
space preservation, bicycling and advanced wastewater treatment. More
recently, we were early leaders in adopting renewable energy, zero waste,
sustainability, energy and water efficiency and climate action plans. Over
the past 15 years, we've steadily lowered our total use of water, electricity,
natural gas and reduced our waste generation despite growth in population
and workers. The City recently added residential organics recycling to the
suite of services we provide. Our recycling rate is now 80 percent, the
second highest in the State. In 2013, we became one of the first cities
globally to achieve 100 percent carbon-neutral electricity supply. This was
done with electricity rates that are more than 30 percent below other cities.
                                                                          Page 3 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
