                         TRANSCRIPT
major industry changes. Not too long ago, City of Santa Clara finally pulled
down a job listing for a Senior Electrical Utility Engineer that had been
posted for three years. Santa Clara ended up with a young engineer from
CPA who accepted the position for a promotion. What is important here to
take note is that Santa Clara's compensation was not attractive or
competitive enough to bring in talented, experienced Senior Electrical
Engineers. The position was posted for three years, and they ended up with
a young engineer who only had four years of experience. Now Santa Clara
has updated their labor contract for the engineers to include a 26 percent
raise in the salary alone over the next three years. On top of this, since
California Public Employees Retirement System’s (CalPERS) retirement
formula has changed, most experienced engineers with at least 10 years of
experience are vested in the PERS system at other municipal utilities and will
not leave their current jobs for reduced pension. That leaves Utilities trying
to attract from the private sector, which is why the Senior Electrical
Engineers are asking the City to consider updating the benchmark study. My
final words to Council are to please consider some of these points I've made
about the necessity of retaining and hiring experienced engineers as you
discuss the status of the labor negotiations in tonight's Closed Session.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time, we'll return to the Council and
entertain a Motion to go into Closed Session.

Council Member Wolbach: So moved.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to go into Closed Session.

Mayor Burt: Motion made by Council Member Wolbach, second by Council
Member Holman. Any discussion? Please vote on the board. That passes 6-
0 with Council Members Filseth, Kniss and Scharff absent. We will now go
into Closed Session. Thank you.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Filseth, Kniss, Scharff absent

Council went into Closed Session at 6:09 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 7:03 P.M.

Mayor Burt: The Council has just returned from a Closed Session discussion
regarding the Utilities Management and Professional Association of Palo Alto,
and we have no reportable action. We'll now continue.
                                                                          Page 3 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
