                           TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Thank you for the work and for the
work product. It is nice to see something informed like this, so thank you
very much. I have a few comments. I think I also agree with the comments
made by, I think, everyone to this point in time. We're going to have a long
motion potentially with a lot of dangles added onto it. I had a couple of
comments on the very front page. This applies kind of throughout, so I
won't go through every example. I'll just make this comment and indicate
that I think there are a lot of opportunities to make the language more
inclusive, if you will. About half way down under vision, the line starts
seniors and people with disabilities. I think it is more accepting and
inclusive if we actually don't use the word disabilities, but use something like
inclusive of people of all abilities or a range of or varying or diverse abilities
or something like that language. Using the word disabilities is kind of a
negative approach to inclusivity from my perspective. Also at the tail end of
that vision is adding something about new opportunities, because it doesn't
talk anything about new opportunities. I really appreciate that customer
service has been deleted. I absolutely appreciate that from the working
group, that it's been changed to service. I will say one thing about reading
through this that it seems as though someone is very comma happy. It
seems like there's—since Larry Klein isn't here, I'll make that comment. It
seems like someone is very comma happy. I think there are some examples
where also there's some editing that I hope will be taking place. I can give
you examples of that if you want. We probably don't need to go there. It'll
have a list of things and it says like as well as. It's like shouldn't that just be
incorporated in. It's just a matter of cleaning the wording up. Agree very
much with all references, whether they're maps or text, that all references
differentiate between parks and open space. They're very different. For
instance on page C-2, I will point that one out because it says with
approximately 4,150 acres of parkland and open space.                That one in
particular, I think, it's really important to say how many urban parks we
have with how much acreage, and then open space of X acreage. Splitting
those two separately, I think is very important. Thank you, Liz. Addressing
those separately on every map, every table. Agree with Council Member
DuBois' comment about Byxbee Park, moving that to open space. Also on
packet page C-6, the Winter Lodge and the—I'd ask this question of Rob de
Geus. It's the Winter Lodge plus the tennis courts. I'd ask, is there not a
swim club there anymore? It's just the Winter Lodge and the tennis club.
Adding that to the list, you're in agreement with. That's outstanding. Agree
with the permanent supportive housing, the partner with State and Federal.
The Urban Forest Master Plan, I think, should be added on packet page C-
                                                                            Page 27 of 91
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 2/8/16
