                          TRANSCRIPT
life had a meaning and should be retained. I thought that would be
something you can consider. In general, talking about reduced impacts of
growth, I think we should acknowledge that all growth has impacts. We're
not reducing impacts by adopting new policies.           We're increasing the
impacts, but we may be okay with it. That's a different issue. How do we
mitigate is the bigger issue. The EIR says that there's no biological impacts.
Gita (inaudible) from the Sierra Club asked Staff why are there no biological
impacts. I'm reporting what Gita told me. She said that Staff replied—Staff
can tell you later if that's true—that we are not going into the Baylands or
the Foothills, which is great. We also have other policies like the parks plan
and Urban Forest Master Plan and so on to deal with biological impacts.
That's great, but plans are not mitigation. If that was so, then we don't have
any impacts of greenhouse gases because we have the S/CAP, etc. Please
acknowledge that the urban forest could sustain impacts, and we need to
worry about that and mitigate appropriately as we grow. The same for
growth that could impact migratory birds that hit the windows. We might
want to have some mitigation measures for that cumulative impact. I think
one of the struggles we have—I don't have a lot of time. We do struggle
with the issue of performance measures at the CAC. I don't think we
understand yet what is really expected in terms of a project level
performance measures. Once you build the project, who knows what
happens next. Also, the performance measures, we're really trying to apply
those to commercial development and not so much to housing. I think
that's the right thing to do, but there are potential impacts to all of that.
That's we're looking at with what is now community measures. I would like
to call them quality of life measures. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Neilson Buchanan, to be
followed by Catherine Martineau. Welcome.

Neilson Buchanan: Thank you, Council. I'd like to give you praise for
keeping the divergent thinking going. There's no lack of creative and
divergent thinking in Palo Alto. What Palo Alto really lacks is convergent
thinking. That's the next real big hurdle after this exercise. Spending $1/2
million on more alternatives is a piece of cake. During the next 15 years,
Hillary, the City budget will be $3, $4, $5 billio, so this is a small investment.
The real issue is how are you going to converge on these alternatives and
scenarios. You can pick 5 or 6, I don't really care. The bottom line is
somebody's got to pick a couple of them and then flesh them out. Hillary, I
hear you loud and clear. I have great empathy on how your Staff is going to
be able to wrestle with the kind of detail that Cory just asked for. I frankly
don't think it exists. You can scope it, Cory, but I don't think you can get
down to real details. You can measure traffic on Everett, Hawthorne,
Middlefield really easily. I guarantee you, you can measure parking. What I
                                                                           Page 36 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/29/16
