                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: ... is I mentioned earlier that this one's perplexing
and troubling to me. As I indicated prior to the amendments, I'm troubled
by the EIR and the EIR process. I'm troubled by other things procedurally.
I'm troubled by—I never did feel, for me, confident or comfortable that there
really is this single parcel. There's nothing that was presented for me to
digest, that I felt like there really was this single parcel. The Planning
Commission Minutes weren't provided until today. The ARB, we just got
summary Minutes, and those we got today at 4:00. I noted that the scoping
for the EIR was done at the ARB, which is not a body that even works with
scoping and all the various land uses and transportation issues that are part
of an EIR. I'm still not confident about the grandfathered issue. The
amenity space is still a vagary from my perspective. I'm glad the TDM,
according to them—maybe the maker or seconder would want to add to this.
The TDM program is not identified and in the Record of Land Use Action. I
believe it's just referred to as it will come forward. It's not identified or
described whatsoever in the ...

Mayor Burt: Can we ask Staff how that can be addressed adequately?

Council Member Holman: Okay.

Ms. Gerhardt: There is a Condition, 16, about the TDM plan. It does say
that we would review and approve this prior to the issuance of building
permits, and there would be annual updates of how the TDM program is
working.

Council Member Holman: What I'm saying is there's no description of the
TDM program at all. It just says the plan will be submitted to the Project
Planner for review and approval prior to issuance of the building permits.
That's all there is to it. There's no description of the TDM program. I think
the applicant has—you indicated that you have, I trust, a very competent
TDM program, but there's no reference to that in the Record of Land Use
Action.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What it does say is the plan shall be submitted to the
Project Planner for review and approval. You're right. Staff could screw up
and approve the wrong TDM program. If you trust Staff to approve it, that's
the ...

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. I think you can trust Staff to hold the applicant
to what they've said tonight in open session that they're willing to produce.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right. That's why I kept asking if we have a Go Pass. I
guess they said there's a big plan. I assumed Staff had seen their plan for a
TDM project.
                                                                       Page 88 of 94
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/11/16
