                          TRANSCRIPT
reflection of the state of our City. I am going to sort of freelance in the
presentation here today. Hopefully we have the slides matched up with the
things that I was going to say. We have not had the opportunity to review
and prepare for this. I think we were—of course, Kiely as the Budget
Manager lives here full time. I was here with her four or five hours on Friday
afternoon going just over the transmittal letter. There is a 15-or-so page
transmittal letter in the budget. I'll just identify some excerpts from that
and hit the highpoints with some slides, and then I'll make a few concluding
remarks. Kiely, if you want to put up the first slide. I'll leave that for a
second, but give you a little bit of introduction. As you know, in advance of
preparing the budget, the Staff presented the Long Range Financial Forecast
to the Council and certainly to the Finance Committee. That Forecast does
help inform the preparation of the base budget in the upcoming budget
cycle. It determines potential fiscal challenges the City may face in the
future and project the impact of salary and benefit increases, new programs
and changing economic conditions.           The Forecast showed emerging
challenges for Fiscal Years 2017 and 2018 as well as borderline outcomes in
the following three years, when increasing salary and pension contributions
are taken into account. The City will have to be prudent as we consider
responding to an ambitious community policy agenda and maintenance of
our high quality services and the need to attract and retain a well-qualified
workforce to provide these services. Understandably, our community has
been reluctant to support any significant reductions in scope of what we do
as a local government. In fact, the demands and conflicts emerging from
our vibrant economy have heightened the intensity of the Palo Alto process
with new analyses and data generation demands and deep dives into
complex problem-solving with an engaged public process across a wide
range of issues. Let's just kind of look at the numbers here. First of all, you
see the City-wide expenditure budget up there. The proposed budget is
$626 million. That's the all fund budget. That represents an 11 percent
increase from the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget of 563 million or roughly $62, $63
million. There are three main areas that were driving that. The Capital
Improvement Program (CIP), first of all, increased $43 million or 38 percent
for a total 2017 CIP Capital Budget for the upcoming year of $170 million. A
lot of that has carryover money from 2016 and that sort of thing. Again, it's
a reflection of something we'll talk about as we move through this whole
budget about this very active and vibrant infrastructure and capital
investment program. Secondly, utility commodity costs increased $7.3
million to a total of almost $144 million over the Operating Budget. Salary
and benefits costs increased at $7 million, about a 4.3-percent increase,
beginning to adjust salaries for our employees. If we look at the General
Fund, go to that chart. The overall General Fund revenues are $193 million
plus $4.9 million from the BSR, the Budget Stabilization Reserve. We'll talk
about that more. There is an increase of $9.2 million. The largest increase
                                                                         Page 33 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
