                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Off the top of my head, I'm not going to be able to tell you
precisely. Are you talking about commercial or residential?

Council Member Kniss: Commercial, R&D.

Ms. Gitelman:   We have a couple of larger replacement projects, the
replacement square footage in the Research Park. We do not have any
measurable projects office/R&D outside of that.

Council Member Kniss: In the area where we have currently essentially a
moratorium anyway of 50,000 square feet, we don't have any projects that
are coming along?

Ms. Gitelman: We may have some smaller projects, but we just don't have
any that have triggered that review under the annual limit.

Council Member Kniss: Just to repeat some of the things. I didn't hear
Ms. Gonzalez mention this tonight. To have affordable housing, you have to
have affordable land. We haven't talked about that yet, which is probably
the most essential part of having affordable housing. We're talking about
providing land—we're talking about money to build with. We really haven't
talked much tonight about the land. One other aspect of this that I would
mention is that there is a fair amount of money available for affordable
housing from Stanford. I'm looking to see if Ms. Gonzalez would nod to that.
More of that is going to be available as they go forward with the new
General Use Permit. For me, this feels as though we're heading in the wrong
direction and not looking at how we really can provide affordable housing.
I'm troubled about that. We haven't provided any affordable housing in Palo
Alto, I think, maybe since 2011 or 2012. I think that was the last that went
in. We looked at Maybell in 2013. As far as I can see, we haven't even
flirted with the idea since. Being one of the people who just did run for
office, there was no issue that was more discussed than affordability. We
did a poll here at the City that indicated 75 percent of the people are worried
about the cost of housing. I don't see this heading in the direction I would
like to head as yet. Essentially, I think we're not hitting some of the very
bottom line issues of affordable housing.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Hang on a second. Just the last speaker's question
in terms of choosing alternatives, is the burden still that they have to prove
it's infeasible to do it onsite? Has that changed in terms of demonstrating
infeasibility?


                                                                         Page 60 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
