                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Essentially what you're saying is the Staff presents a
work plan, and the Council says yea or nay or adjusts it. Staff presents the
Council their work plan, is that what you're saying?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. I would say potential decisions that the Council would have
on Priorities within the limits of what the work plan can accomplish. That's
what I think will be our responsibility.

Council Member Filseth: Understand. I just want to make sure we're treading
the line correctly between sort of setting broad policy agendas and trying to
micromanage Staff.

Mayor Burt: It's not micromanaging Staff.      It's managing our own Priority
setting. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: It's basically just trying to wrap-up what we didn't
get done today. I would also add—I don't know if it needs to be part of the
motion. If this was tagged onto a regular Council meeting, I'd be fine with
that. If it's scheduled on a regular Monday night as this whole item on a
Monday night, I'd be fine with that rather than making it another Saturday or
weekend day. That would actually be my preference.

Mayor Burt: We have one more minute. We have 30 seconds on this.                    I'm
trying to frame this a little bit here. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Is the intention then that—it's something that several
of us talked about earlier. With the dot exercise, while it was very helpful, we
did talk about how some of them were like overlapping or redundant. Where
does that get reconciled?

Mayor Burt: I think that'll be the City Manager trying to take our feedback on
how to group some of these things in ways that allow us to have that much
more focus when we have that Committee as a Whole meeting.

Mayor Holman: Is there any possibility—it says prior to the end of March. Do
we have any idea really how soon it could come, because the end of the March
is a fourth of the way through the year.

Mayor Burt: No.

Council Member Holman: Before you adjourn, I have a couple of questions on
next items.   By the way, the 9/80 question was actually about work
management, work flow. It was actually very related. That was the intention.

Mayor Burt: The topic's there, but then we started getting into debates on the
merits. Council Member Schmid.
                                                                        Page 79 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/30/16
