                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION:      Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration, the Mitigation and Monitoring
Program, and the Record of Land Use approving the Site and Design Review
and Architectural Review application for the new dewatering facility at the
Regional Water Quality Control Plant.

Mayor Burt: Speak to your Motion.

Council Member Kniss: I think we are at such a turning point, whether we
call it sludge or some other unattractive name. The time is now to have a
plan for what we're doing with that. I think that this is one of those plans
that's been well thought out, well thought through, and a long time coming.
I'm delighted with the presentation that you made tonight. Maybe we could
get it a little higher for sea level, but frankly I'm going to let Cory and Marc
worry about that. I think this is a direction we have to go in. I don't think
we have any choice about that. I noticed there was a long discussion on
NPR today about the same thing. Maybe some of you heard it. This is the
time; the time is right. Go forth and do good work.

Mayor Burt: I simply have a couple of follow-up questions. One is,
Mr. Bobel, have you had a chance to both review and confirm that your
notion of the 6-7 acre adjacent site is as you believed it to be in relation to
the landscaping. The second half to that is given that we don't know a
timeframe for build-out there, would there be any landscaping opportunities,
either on an interim basis or in the zone that Mr. Borock talked about that
would be worthwhile landscaping.

Mr. Bobel: A quick response. I am quite confident that the sort of gap that
Council Member Schmid identified, where you see our facility through there,
that that Measure E site does snuggle up to our fence at that point. It goes
up against our fence, all the way across our fence. It is a 10-acre site. I'm
not sure how the seven acres has come into it. The Measure E set aside is a
10-acre spot for a period that'll end in 2021 where we're to consider an
energy compost facility. Like I say, when we brought this forward earlier,
the consensus was let's not spend money in that area where it might be
wasted. We can reconsider that. We're happy to. If directed by Council, we
would do that, but it was not the direction we received initially. As far as
inside our fence on the facility grounds itself, you saw our Long Range
Facility Plan. We are trying to reserve all the space essentially inside the
fence for facilities. We don't recommend landscaping there. In fact, I think
what the environmental folks really want is—they have coined this term "the
landscape corridor." If we're planting at all, they want us planting outside
the fence so that that area cannot only be a visual screen to some extent,
but it can act to let wildlife go between the Renzel Wetlands and the Bay. If

                                                                          Page 50 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
