                         TRANSCRIPT
engineers work collaboratively with parents, PTA volunteers, school staff and
School District administrators to build in safety measures and other
considerations for students commuting to school. Often it is the PTA
volunteers who point out where improvements are needed. This slide
highlights some of our recent and upcoming projects that will have
significant benefits for students. The project list developed during our Walk
and Roll Map process have been fed into all of our current and future
roadway projects so that student safety is integrated into all that we do.
How are we doing?          Evaluation is the final E and another essential
component of our program. This chart shows the number of parked bikes at
Gunn and Palo Alto (Paly) High Schools for selected years between 1985 and
2015. The total number of high school students biking in 2001 was 300.
Today that number is about 1,700 students, which represents approximately
43 percent of all Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) high school
students.     These numbers are impressive, but they are particularly
impressive when put into the national context. Nationally between 1969 and
2009, the percentage of children walking or bicycling to school in the United
States dropped from 50 percent to 13 percent. There was a slight rebound
in 2013. The national rate of walking to and from school was approximately
15 percent, and nationwide in 2013 the percent of students in grades K-8
who bicycled to school was 2.2 percent.

Mayor Burt: Sylvia, on that first bullet in 2013, is that walking or walking
and riding?

Ms. Star-Lack: The first one is just walking, and the second one is just
biking.   Compare those numbers to locally, 39 percent of elementary
students in Palo Alto walk or bike to school. This is over twice the national
rate of walking and biking. I want to stress that our program focuses on
carpooling and transit as well. When you add in taking the bus and
carpooling, we have found that 53 percent of elementary school students
who attend a neighborhood school, not a choice school but a neighborhood
school, get there by walking, biking, riding the bus or carpooling. Focusing
only on bicycling, however, we've found that 32 percent of all Palo Alto
students in grades K-12 bike to school. You can see the breakdown here for
elementary, middle and high school students. These statistics show the
power of partnership and collaboration. No single entity could produce these
results alone. Thousands of hours of volunteer and Staff time went into
creating the environment our students encounter today, and there is still
more work for us to do. Recent staffing changes on the Safe Routes team
and the 10-year anniversary of the Safe Routes to School program made for
an opportune time to discuss new directions for our work. On this slide are
some of the items identified in the visioning session held on March 23rd with
program stakeholders. The visioning process is not yet complete, and these
                                                                       Page 4 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
