                         TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Schmid: Let's see. One upfront question. I was fascinated
by the Council Action Minutes of September 21 on page 129. It says the
motion that was passed was to adopt the boundaries as identified in Staff
Report and to direct Staff to return within six months with a report on
Stanford's progress on reducing single-occupancy trips and to direct Staff to
return within six months with a report with potential action on development
of office space including Stanford Research Park. Now, six months would be
March 21st. Is Staff working on coming back to us on including Stanford
Research Park in the boundaries?

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Schmid, on the first part of that, the report
on TDM, we are planning to bring that to you in March. On the second part,
we have not had the Staff capacity to do any further analysis of this. All of
our efforts have focused on processing the projects and preparing these
Guidelines so we can do the program this year.

Council Member Schmid: I guess it has a very important impact on our
Comp Plan and on the extension of this after two years which is coming up.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can add onto that. I do see your point, and I know where
you're heading. In the Comp Plan EIR that is now being circulated for public
review, one of the scenarios assumes that this program would be
perpetuated for the subset of the City. The other assumes that there would
be a different program that would apply more widely. The Council will have
an opportunity to weigh these two. We're looking for your feedback on
which of those two approaches ultimately you think ...

Mayor Burt: Hillary and City Manager, we have coming before us both
(inaudible) Study Session by both our TMA and the new Stanford Research
Park TMA on what date?

Mr. Keene: We do. I'll let you know the dates.

Ms. Gitelman: It's in March.

Mayor Burt: Early March, I believe. Both of those will be coming together in
an upcoming Council meeting.

Council Member Schmid:      Whether the Stanford Research Park would be
included in the ...

Mayor Burt: No, that's not what I said. That's not what I said.

                                                                         Page 58 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
