                          TRANSCRIPT
window. I'm trying to figure out how these Guidelines are going to help
address those kinds of situations. If it's Staff education or what needs to be
happening. I won't harp on that any longer. On garages, just to clarify. I
wasn't saying that new garages wouldn't necessarily be allowed where there
wasn't a garage now. A lot of times where there isn't a garage, the reason
there isn't one that was added a long time ago is because the lots are so
small. That's what I was indicating. I do think, though, that allowing
attached garages in Professorville is dicey at best in terms of changing the
character of the District. To go back to the earlier period versus the later
period, there's the earlier National Register, and then there's the addition to
the National Register. It's on the National Register, so I'm still just not
understanding why such a difference. I don't know why the buildings would
be treated any differently. I will stop there.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. First of all, I'd like to commend
Staff on putting this together. This was a really quick turnaround, and I just
wanted to acknowledge that. It was September 12th, and we're now here.
I see that you submitted the data to OHP. Really appreciate that. If we
pass this tonight, do you think we'll get reimbursed or we're just hopeful?
What's the thought?

Ms. Gitelman: We hope so. No guarantees.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Overall I went through this, and I thought you guys did
a great job in putting it together in terms of what Council direction was from
September 12th. I just wanted to say I thought you guys did a great job.
You listened to what we talked about. I think you hit the right points on
this. With that, I'd like to move the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: Second that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
adopt:

A.    A Resolution adopting the Professorville Historic District Design
      Guidelines (Guidelines) with the list of corrections and edits provided
      in the Staff Report; and

B.    A finding that this action is exempt from review under the California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) per Section 15308 (Actions By
      Regulatory Agencies for the Protection of the Environment).



                                                                        Page 66 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
