                          TRANSCRIPT
enough BMR units in Palo Alto and the Bay Area. We also have a very clear
problem of just not enough supply as we've added lots of jobs over the last
few years and not a lot of housing. That's not just Palo Alto's problem, but
we're a part of it. I recognize that concern. I think the solution is to see
developments where it's mixed use with—as Mayor Burt pointed out, we
ought to have minimum densities, but we don't have that in our Code right
now. I would also support analysis of whether maybe we do have it wrong
on onsite loading zone versus on-the-street loading zone. I think we should
study that along with minimum densities, but we haven't done that yet. It's
hard for me to justify voting against something because it obeys the rules,
and I don't think our rules are as good as they should be. We haven't taken
the steps yet to change our rules, to modernize them to reflect what we
want to see. This project's been worked on for the last five years and has
come to us today, trying to act in accordance with our existing rules. On the
question of how this is compatible with the neighboring projects, it's really
subjective. It is 50/50 for me. There's a one-story building next to it, but
there's a two-story building one building away from there, down Kipling.
That's the one, I think, where we have the appellant coming to complain. If
their building was the one next to it, then three stories to two stories would
be a pretty reasonable step down. The fact that they're further away in
some ways actually makes it harder for me to justify voting against it. I was
also looking at it in 3-D street view and everything and know the area quite
well. I was actually just in that property recently for a meeting in that
building, the existing building. I think it's frankly not an attractive building
right now. I think this project would be an improvement aesthetically for
that corner. I don't love it, but I think it's an improvement over what's there
right now. I think the use of the property is better than what is there right
now. It's not perfect. Right now I'm inclined to vote against the Motion. If
somebody in support of the Motion wants to sell me more clearly on how
each of these things that we've listed isn't met by the project, you might be
able to convince me. We have to stick to our own rules. We ask everybody
else to stick to the rules; I think we have to stick to our own rules. If
something is merely 50/50 on something that's totally subjective and
aesthetic, it's hard for me to say we're going to vote no. I am also very
worried about an endless loop, and I am not convinced that we're going to
avoid it. I think this Motion send us down that path. Again, I'm open
minded to being convinced that this Motion will not lead us in that direction
and that we are preserving the rule of law here. I'm not comfortable with
this Motion right now.

Mayor Burt: The Vice Mayor just was pointing out to me that we're an hour
and a half behind schedule with some really important items. Council
Member Schmid.

                                                                          Page 57 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
