                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thanks for that clarification on the intent that you and Council
Member DuBois had. We're now faced with a bit of a dilemma, because
we're really looking at specific verbiage changes that we would be
considering tonight based upon draft changes at our places. These are
nuanced, and that's a tough thing to do real time by the Council as a whole.
I'm not quite sure how close we're going to be able to come to achieving the
outcome of adopting this tonight if we have too many of these specific
nuanced changes. In these cases, the nuances matter. I'm not saying
they're not consequential. In fact, I'm saying they are. That's why it's not
easy to either blanket accept them or blanket reject them. I think each of
them need to have some careful consideration. That begs the question of
what process we want. At this point in time, we have a question. Let's
return to questions, and then we've got to figure out where we proceed after
having questions and hearing from the public and we come back for
potential action and how we go about this. Director Gitelman, did you want
to add something?

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, two things. One is we neglected to introduce the
Chair of the HRB, who would like to address the Council at some point. In
addition, while you're going through a round of questions, we can quickly go
through this now that we understand the filter that you're seeking and divide
these suggested changes into two piles, two buckets, baskets.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff, did you have additional questions?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think I'm good at the moment, because that's what I
was going to do next. I was going to ask what the process was to divide
them into two buckets, which is what I'd sort of started doing on my own. If
Staff's going to do that, I'm fine.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a simple question. The original District was
formed in 1979 and became a National Historical District. In 1993, the City
added a second layer on. One of the comments we got said the two Districts
are very different in terms of their reflection of that early period up to 1911,
1915. Can you tell me just the process and procedure that led to the
consolidation of two what seem to be different areas into Professorville?

Mr. Weintraub:       Yes.     Thank you, Council Member Schmid.             My
understanding is in 1993, the City Council at that time adopted a Local
Historic District was larger than the National Register District at that time.
The Council's action at that time didn't include a survey of the additional
area, so there's not a whole lot of documentation to really tell us what the
differences are in the area. In fact, the reason that additional area was
                                                                         Page 63 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
