                          TRANSCRIPT
those added in for urban areas.    Again, the projects that we get, that are
appealed ...

Mayor Burt: Question period. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Can I ask a question on Finding Number 2? If we
could have the slide back up, it would help. Finding Number 2. There we
are. Thank you. On Number D, the red text is and land use designations.
I'm looking on Packet Page 312. By the way, this is consistent with what's
in Packet Page 305. If you look on Packet Page 312, under Number 2 it
looks like the phrase "and land use designations" actually got struck out.
I'm wondering what's the relationship between those two. Am I looking at
apples and oranges here?

Ms. French: I can answer that. The Council had suggested striking "and
land use designations," and perhaps that wasn't understood fully by the
Council, why it was important to the ARB that it is retained. The reason is
sometimes there are land use designations, let's say residential, but the
existing building there is commercial. It's a non-complying situation. Maybe
it's falling down, it's ready to go. There are some times where land use
designations are more important than what's on the ground or it should be
factored in.

Council Member Filseth: That was going to be my question. What's an
example of the circumstance that you have that? Let me ask this. You have
limits, Floor Area Ratio (FAR) limits, height limits and so forth. That doesn't
necessarily mean that we're going to approve everything that moves exactly
to the limits; although, we sort of have tended to lately. Let's say, for
example, I'm proposing a 48-foot building, and it happens to be next to a
one-story building. The zoning says it's a maximum of 50 feet. When we
talk about harmonious transitions in scale and character, if you looked at my
proposed 48-foot building next to a one-story building, you'd say that's not
likely to be a harmonious transition. On the other hand, if you said I could
build a building instead of one story, that was actually 50 feet, and then it
would be a harmonious transition. Does that phrase allow that?

Ms. French: The intent is not the physical what's there. The intent is by
leaving that in, we're acknowledging actual land uses. It's commercial or its
residential or it’s a school or what you have. It's more about that use
compatibility than it is about physical building to building compatibility. You
are looking at a building through this Architectural Review process. I can
understand the confusion there. I think leaving it open to discuss the
possibility that there is a land use that could come along, not that it's going


                                                                        Page 89 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
