                         TRANSCRIPT
E.   Add to the requirement of Retail; “generally open to the public with a
     minimum number of hours.”

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights. We can go ahead and vote on this and
then return to the waiver issue. That passes 8-0 with Council Member
Filseth absent. That was good work.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

Mayor Burt: Let's go on to the issue of the waiver request for 100 Addison.
Just to frame it—maybe people disagree with the three choices. Keep things
as they are; completely waive them; or do something in between. Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: On this one, I'm going to move that we deny the
request for a waiver at the property at 100 Addison and support the
Director's decision. If I can get a second, I'll certainly explain why.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to deny the request for a waiver at 100 Addison Avenue from the
Retail Protection Ordinance and uphold the Director’s decision.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. There are a number of
reasons why I don't support the conversion of this. I think there are
numerous opportunities here. Because it's not in the core, it's not going to
rent for the same amount of money that it would if it was in, let's say, the
500 block of Bryant or something. It's not, and that's a given. I think the
property owner understands that. What's troubling me is a few things. One
is—somebody else mentioned this.        The owner has created their own
hardship by trying to raise the rent on Addison Antiques, which left because
of the raised rent. I know ...

Male: That's not true.

Council Member Holman: Sir. I know that from two owners, that I know
personally, who own Addison Antiques and two other dealers that were at
the property. No mention was ever made of Anthropologie leaving. It was
always about raised rents. What's troubling me and sort of supports that is
the rent was $1.35, I think, or whatever it was that the owner indicated.
Addison Antiques closed on June 15. On June 22, there was a letter of
intention that was signed where the rent was indicated as $5—I forgot to
look it up. It was over $5. That's a very large hike. That's June 22nd. In
August, August, the first request for an exemption was filed. There was
                                                                     Page 89 of 105
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 08/22/16
