                         TRANSCRIPT
Comp. Plan also wasn't constrained by the Brown Act. They often met in
their own houses. By necessity, we are constrained, and so all of our
meetings have to be public, have to be recorded, etc. Thus, the more
iterative and natural debate that most of us would like to have on these
issues tends to get stretched out and segregated into separate meetings.
For the sake of time, which we don't have a lot of, we are trying to keep to
larger issues than smaller ones. For example, although we'd very much like
to talk about housing with each element because it's such an important
piece, we're trying to save up those questions for the joint meeting that
we're going to be having in February. The process that has evolved has six
steps, and it has been helped in large part by the Council allowing us to
create subcommittees. The critical subcommittee that crosses all the other
elements is the Sustainability Subcommittee. It is charged with meeting
before the Committee actually has its first discussion on a particular
element. They are to identify the key sustainability policies and programs
and then bring those to the Council for their first discussion as
recommendations. Then, the second piece is that the larger Committee
meets, and then there is an opportunity for everyone to weigh in and
brainstorm things that they want to change, add, support, etcetera. The
third piece, then, is those findings are then collated and cataloged by Staff
who brings them to the subcommittee for that particular element, who then
reviews and synthesizes those to determine where there are areas of
consensus and importantly where there are areas of disagreement. Those
areas of disagreement are then brought to the Committee so that those
areas can be discussed and debated. We are going to have our first of those
meetings coming up very quickly here. Once the larger CAC Committee has
had an opportunity to debate the items brought to them by the
subcommittee, the subcommittee then goes back and catalogs those pros
and cons in the areas of disagreement that will then be brought to the
Council for resolution. Finally, the Sustainability Subcommittee takes that
information and the draft element that Staff has done to cross-index the
important pieces to that back to the sustainability cross-index that they will
be in charge of, working with Staff on. Those are the six very basic process
steps that each of the elements will go through, with the exception of the
first one which was already in progress and we didn't have the process
evolved to that degree. The other thing that I'll emphasize is that it is a
learning process. The process gets modified slightly every meeting that we
have as we learn, to try and incorporate all of the different ideas that come
in as well as the opportunities to improve the process that the various
Committee Members have. Arthur.

Arthur Keller, Citizens Advisory Committee, Co-Chair: Thank you. I've also
enjoyed working with my Co-Chair, Dan Garber. We've had the opportunity
to work together also on the Planning Commission, so it's a reunion of sorts
                                                                            Page 47 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
