                         TRANSCRIPT
really do believe that they will hurry up and make something happen. Thank
you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Carla Carvalho, to be followed
by William Rosenberg.

Carla Carvalho: Thank you very much, and Happy New Year to all present.
I don't want to be redundant. I do want to piggyback on City Manager
Keene said and what Lenore just said. In short, we've heard this before.
The classic tale of Sand Hill is asking for something. Tonight it's review of
their project at Page Mill and communication from John Z. Similarly this
happened in September. The day fines were supposed to begin, news of
Andronico's came out. We are all hopeful that this will occur. I also wanted
to thank City Manager Keene for coming to our Duveneck Town Hall
meeting, as many of you did, back in November. At that time, Manager
Keene was going to investigate who was paying the fines at Edgewood,
whether it was Sand Hill or Fresh Market as that can complicate the
negotiation process. We eerily await these findings to hear who's actually
paying for this. It may also help provide guidance as to how you as Council
Members can mitigate the damage that has yet been done to the
neighborhood with this empty space. Finally, we hope that the situation at
Edgewood Plaza is instructive to all charged with allowing or disallowing the
project at Page Mill to go forward. My fear is that Palo Alto be littered with
the waste and tainted by the greed of a large developer if this situation is
not brought under control. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Williams Rosenberg to be followed by Stephanie
Munoz.

William Rosenberg: Hi. I'm Bill Rosenberg. Nice to see the Council here. I
was here last June, and I reminded you then that we have a leaf blower
Ordinance that has not been enforced. I haven't seen any evidence of
enforcement since then. I'd like to see some. I'd also like you to think
seriously about who is responsible for leaf blowers, whether it's the gardener
or the property owner. I think the property owner's property stays put.
Gardeners come and go. If we really wanted to make a leaf blower
ordinance and enforce it effectively, I think you should think seriously about
who you're going to make responsible.          Either way, whether it's the
gardener or the property owner, I'd like to see some enforcement. I brought
you a copy of what I hand out every time I see a gardener using a gas-
powered leaf blower. It's just taken straight out of the City webpage.
Maybe we can distribute something like this and get more attention to it.
Thank you.


                                                                        Page 10 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
