                         TRANSCRIPT
there, how does that interplay with our thinking about and hoping and
planning for changing the configuration of the train to be in a trench or
otherwise separated? If we spend $15 million to build a tunnel under the
train, and then we put the train down where the tunnel is, have we just
blown $15 million for a couple of years of use?

Mr. Mello: No. I think we would do whatever possible to make sure that
neither the railroad grade separation nor the overcrossing/undercrossing
precluded the other. They'll be moving somewhat in parallel. I think we're
at a good place where we could make sure that maybe they're incorporated
into one larger project. At a minimum, they wouldn't preclude each other.
If we were going to advance a trench, of course, we wouldn't look at an
undercrossing that would need to be removed.

Council Member Wolbach: Those are my questions. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: If you could put up the Staff recommendation
map. You're recommending going ahead with D, E and F, setting aside B
and C.    I thought in the Staff background material you talked about
negotiations with Winter Lodge, with the church, with the school. I thought
in the Planning Commission there was a lot of discussion of this is the first
step while we work on these other things.         What happened to the
negotiations with key players on B and C?

Mr. Mello: We've had preliminary discussions with the church and the
Winter Lodge. Both of them were not very receptive of removing parking
and modifying parking lot circulation. It was only preliminary discussions; it
was not negotiations by any means.

Council Member Schmid:        You're putting those in abeyance, is your
suggestion here, rather than continuing to find out what options there might
be that we could offer.

Mr. Mello: There's also some physical constraints on those segments. As
we met with the community and had discussions and got a lot of valuable
input from the Citizen Advisory Committee and talked it through, tackling
those two segments at this point in time I don't think are the wisest use of
funding. They could become fairly expensive. I think our recommendation
kind of evolved from how can we best connect our bike network to
something logical like the Baylands. If we were to go the other direction,
                                                                       Page 28 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
