                         TRANSCRIPT
objectives of the S/CAP. The City Manager actually in the pre-Council
meeting today or thereafter was talking about, as we were struggling with
this issue, whether we should be thinking about—we use the term
Comprehensive Plan interchangeably with what most cities use for general
plan. Mr. Keene, maybe you could give a stab at this. You were talking
about thinking in terms that the general plan and the Sustainability and
Climate Action Plan really being the two components of a Comprehensive
Plan. Did I understand you correctly?

James Keene, City Manager: There are jurisdictions that will adopt a general
plan. They'll sub-area plans, lots of different documents, and treat them as
guiding documents for the governing body to use in the totality in the Comp
Plan. One of the things you may want to think about is not having to perfect
the reconciliation between the S/CAP, in this case, and the general plan
itself. I think the Staff is already working on linkages between the two, and
I think we'll want to have cross-references so that they're there, so you
don't have this hierarchy of is one subservient to the other. In some
situations, clearly you're going to want to nest some of the general plan
conversations probably within a sustainability framework. At other times,
you're going to turn it around the other way.

Mayor Burt: I would just add that this whole issue is something that is
relatively new. Cities have had general plans; we've had Comprehensive
Plans for decades. We just had our initial Sustainability Plan around a
decade ago, a little over, after our prior Comprehensive Plan. We did our
Sustainability Plan—we were amongst the earlier cities to adopt a
Sustainability Plan. To my knowledge, there hasn't been a real movement in
city government and local government about how to integrate these two
really important documents. I'd add that sustainability is probably looking at
similar issues, many similar issues on a longer horizon than the Comp Plan.
Certainly the Comp Plan is defined out to 2030. It's a 13-year horizon, but it
doesn't end then. The policies and programs and goals continue past that.
The Sustainability Plan is looking out generations ahead and how to retain a
livable community for generations. I think this is a really important subject.
I don't want to try to resolve it tonight. I just wanted to frame it for
consideration and discussion when we come back on this. It's kind of a new,
big issue. I think it deserves some additional thought. Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: After that grand topic, I'm going to bring it back to
the more mundane. I just wanted to talk high level about the process.
When we started this process, there was some concern about how we were
going to have this large CAC and write a lot of new policies and programs.
We said we're not; it's going to be 90 percent the same. It looks like we're
                                                                        Page 85 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
