                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: In this case it's solar. Again, I'm asking if this
garage is next to a residential area, is the building itself capped to 40 feet?

Mayor Burt: The structure itself?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: Not the mechanical?

Council Member DuBois: Right.

Mayor Burt: I don't know. It is what it is though.        We're not going to
(crosstalk) the structure no matter what it's height.

Council Member DuBois:      I just want to understand if the max there is
supposed to be 40 or 50.

Mr. Lait: Amy's going to look up what that height restriction is, possibly 40
feet. The structure itself is already over the adjacent RM-40 zoning and
goes to, I think, 51 feet or almost 52 feet. The existing structure is already
over what would have been for the most restrictive. We'll try to find out
what that height is for the most restrictive.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Keeping on 520 Webster. I don't know what page
number it is; it's the images with the view from University Avenue. It seems
like—this is always the dangerous part with these images where you impose
projected projects onto something.        It seems like we lost some tree
coverage. I guess the question is did we lose some tree coverage in the
photo. It seems like above—I'm not sure what restaurant that is. Existing
today there are trees above it.         In the proposed, those trees have
disappeared, which I think is what might make it look so imposing like
Council Member Holman brought up.

Ms. Hamilton: Thank you for the question. I actually wanted to be very
clear. To the best of my understanding, there is no intent to remove any
trees.

Council Member Berman: I wasn't meaning to infer that. I think the tree
just disappeared from the image. If a tree existed there, it wouldn't look so
imposing on University Avenue.


                                                                        Page 48 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
