                          TRANSCRIPT
neither of which I can feel comfortable about. I don't think that's why we're
here, to push bad politics or bad policy. I do think that we should move
forward with really exploring transportation funding in a way that (inaudible)
of what Council Member Berman was saying. This Committee was the Local
Transportation Funding Committee, not the business head count tax
committee. As a Local Transportation Funding Committee, they had, I felt, a
broad mandate which was quickly narrowed. When it came back to Council
last time after the first round of polling, I raised my concerns. I specifically
emphasized my concern—I don't think I was alone—that the first round of
polling had not explored a breadth of options for potential funding sources.
That was added to the second round of polling. However, the way it was
added as Question 13, the last substantive question on the poll, is a good
example of something that you want to try and avoid unless you have a
particular goal, which is called priming where you prime the mind and the
thinking of the respondent to the survey. This is what's done in push polls.
You get them to thinking about one thing, and then you ask them about
something else. Their response to the something else has been primed, has
been changed by them having answered 12 questions leading up to that
about Option A. That's how it was phrased. It was a whole survey about a
business head count tax, and then by the way, in Question 13, some people
think that this isn't the right solution. Here are some other solutions. What
do you think? No real surprise for anyone who's studied polling science,
when you organize a poll that way, that's the result. This is why I was
asking the question earlier about how our consultants interpreted the
direction they got. I think they did a great job with the direction they got. I
don't think that we as a Council and I don't think that the Committee was
clear enough or maybe we just didn't have the time and were too rushed to
really call for and explore a broad range of funding options on equal footing
in the surveys. That's my concern. There was a question, yes, but the way
it was framed was—it was framed to fail. I'm worried that this whole
measure will be framed to fail again as politics at the ballot or as policy. If
we do move forward—I'm still open with moving forward—I think we should
move forward for either fall of 2017 or fall of 2018. I think we should still
keep our options open about what the funding source would be. I am still
again comfortable with exploring the idea of a business license tax, whether
it's on gross receipts or on head count, but I think we need to do it right. I
think we need to pull together a blue ribbon committee or a stakeholder
committee. We need to make sure that everybody's at the table. That
means the City, it means residents, but it also means Stanford Research
Park TDM Working Group. It means Stanford University, Palo Alto Unified
School District, the TMA, maybe a couple of larger businesses and employers
in town as well. Get everybody together, again, along with the City and with
residents, so it's not just business heavy but you have good balance. You
have everybody's ideas at the table, so that all of the nitty-gritty details and
                                                                          Page 75 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
