                          TRANSCRIPT
I think we've had some discussion about large companies versus small
companies. There's been some stories in the press that start-ups can no
longer compete. I think that's going away from our traditional role. Palo
Alto's been an incubator of a lot of companies in Silicon Valley. Traditionally,
we've been more of a community with some start-ups. When those start-
ups got big, they moved to the bigger office parks in the Bay Area. I think
there's a question; do we want to continue that or do we want it to change?
The goal ultimately is pretty similar to the Motion which is can we come up
with a scenario that has no significant impacts, given our direction on
slowing office growth, protecting local retail, a moderate amount of housing,
protecting our urban forest and our parks and our schools. I'm adding this
new idea of a place for smaller companies to thrive. I had very similar
words to Council Member Scharff, can we have a scenario that improves the
quality have. For me that means more of a balanced community. I think
there is an issue with using these top-down forecasts and using more local
data; it's more relevant. Part of that we touched on is redefining mixed use.
We've been getting mixed use as predominantly office. If we had this idea
of balance, can we redefine mixed use to provide more housing, more retail,
less office? I also like some of the ideas from members of the public. I
think this idea of self-regulation in the Comp Plan or some kind of triggering
makes a lot of sense to me. I think part of the reason we got where we are
is government moves at a certain pace, and we had a Comp Plan that
worked for a long time. We hit a couple of intense growth periods, and it
started to be built-out to the maximum amount possible. That hadn't
happened before. If we had some ideas like some of these assumptions
about the TDM. If we hit 40 percent Downtown, great. If we don't hit it,
rather than just continue along maybe we should trigger some mechanisms
that kick into place. The same thing with single occupancy vehicles. Let's
put those things in, but what happens if we're moving along and we're not
hitting those targets? I agree we should look to Staff to come back, but I
was looking at—you guys provided us with a lot of numbers and charts. If
we look at something like the household growth in Scenario 1 and 2 and we
figured out an employee ratio based off of that, I think you end up with—
applying the ratios in here, you end up with about 3,000 more employed
residents. If we had a 2:1, it comes out to about 6,500 new jobs over the
timeframe. I think we can translate that into an amount of office space, and
we can plan for that. We can take a look at these assumptions and come up
with a scenario that makes sense. Whether that translates into a hard cap
or just policies that get us in that ballpark, I think we can figure that part
out. I guess I'll add some amendments or offer some amendments to the
Motion. Just give me a second to read what it says. I had Number One. I
would be interested to see if we can come up with a scenario that has no
significant impacts. I think that's kind of implied in Number Two.

                                                                          Page 51 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
