                            TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'll just chime in that the zoning bonus that we have for hotels
so drastically outweighs this additional $10. It's not even comparable. On
the high end of what we've had in town, we had the Epiphany Hotel that, I
think, sold for $1 million a unit. I don't know what the average size of the
units are. I just did a little math. If it was 200 square feet, which is pretty
good sized, big for a hotel room—I think it's probably bigger than most of
those are—it would be $2,000 for a unit that sold for $1 million. The notion
that that's going to be a make or break even if it was a hotel at half that
value per room, I don't think flies. I will not be supporting the amendment.
Let's go ahead and vote. That fails on a 4-4 vote with Council Members
Schmid, DuBois, Burt and Holman voting no.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-4 Burt, DuBois, Holman, Schmid no

Mayor Burt: Now, we'll return to the main Motion. I'll go ahead and chime
in. I have a question. Mr. Borock raised an issue about a Comp Plan policy
on replacement of affordable housing. Do you have any feedback on that,
Director Gitelman?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. We do address that in the ordinance. I found it when
Mr. Borock was speaking. I will try and find it again.

Mayor Burt: While you're doing that, I'll take your word for that.

Ms. Gitelman: I found it.

Mayor Burt: You did, you say?

Ms. Gitelman:   It's at the bottom of Packet Page 696. It's Provision
16.65.030(A)(c), projects that convert existing rental housing to
condominiums have this big …

Mayor Burt: I wanted to make sure I'm clear on whether this Motion does or
does not include the Planning Commission recommendation that the
commercial rates would phase in over five years.

Council Member DuBois: Just to be clear, the Motion was for the Finance
Committee, so it (crosstalk) …

Mayor Burt: That does not include it then. Wait a minute. I just want to be
…

Council Member DuBois: … does not.

Mayor Burt: It does not.

                                                                         Page 72 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
