                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I understand. My question is, when it comes
back to discussion and motions later, whether we are able to tweak what
those bookends are for study or if we are legally constrained to not tweak
those numbers based on what's agendized for tonight.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sure the City Attorney will tell all of us that we're not
legally constrained from commenting on the numbers, but I will say that the
Council spent quite a good deal of time back in mid-May vetting and
discussing what those numbers should be. Our hope and expectation is that
we could get beyond the numbers to focus on policy parameters this
evening.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, I think the real answer is that the
Council did give that guidance already. I don't think we're planning on
reopening those issues tonight.

Council Member Wolbach: When there's reference to measuring impacts,
mitigating impacts, etc., impacts is a pretty vague term. I want to be clear
about which particular impacts we're paying close attention to.         Is it
intended to be vague so that, if we think of "there's this other impact we
didn't study before, let's be sure to include it," we want to have that
flexibility or are we clear about which impacts we're really focused on when
we're talking about mitigations and performance metrics?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. We're talking here very much in
a CEQA context. We're talking about significant physical environmental
impacts that need to be addressed. That's really one of the reasons we
included this whole long list of boring mitigation measures. It shows you
what some of the physical environmental impacts are that rose to a level of
significance in our initial analysis requiring mitigation.

Council Member Wolbach: Can you point me again to where that is? I want
to make sure I'm looking at the same chart you're looking at right now.

Ms. Gitelman: It's Attachment C. It goes into exhaustive detail. If you just
focus on what the topics are that are addressed, you'll see the impacts we
thought worthy of ...

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I thought. I just wanted to be clear.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a question on that Scenario Number 1. It's
called business as usual. You make the case that you're taking the history
                                                                       Page 32 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
