                          TRANSCRIPT
rules. Also, the Code does say that when you're in CD-C the ground floor
has to be available for retail use, even if you're not ground-floor retail
required. I think the residential part of the site would just simply not meet
that. It's amazing that they bring in plans that are simply illegal. I'm going
to ask why contemplate upzoning at all. Upzoning means that people wake
up in the morning and discover that the buildings next to them are going to
be bigger or used more intensively. It's not fair. No one in Palo Alto should
have to face that. If the owners of 550 Hamilton can't live with a PC that
they knew was there when they bought it, they should be willing to change
to something more restrictive. I'd ask you to consider only options that are
more restrictive than the current zoning, not less. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by Roberta
Ahlquist. Welcome.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. The Staff
Report says that you should consider the context of potential development
across Webster Street. They were all substandard lots, 50-foot frontage
when 70 is required, and 5,500 and 7,500 square feet when 8,500 square
feet is required. The potential is very little. I'll provide you a copy of the
Assessor's map that shows that. The Staff Report says that an amendment
to a PC is different from a Planned Community zone and, therefore, doesn't
fall within your decision not to consider PC zones. In fact, it does fall within
it, because the Zoning Code is very clear that an amendment to a PC zone
requires a new PC Ordinance. For example, in 2000 when Council Member
Kniss was Mayor, the Council adopted a new Planned Community zone for
3000 El Camino just to add childcare as a use. The Staff Report says that
attached to the report is a copy of the exhibit from the ordinance that was
restricting development to 50,000 square foot a year. In fact, that's not
attached. The Staff should provide that in the next public letters packet.
The proper thing to do is to change the land use of the entire site to
residential and rezone it to RM-30. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Roberta Ahlquist to be followed by Robert Moss.

Roberta Ahlquist: I've been here a long time. I stood in front of the
bulldozers when 15 families were evicted from the lot that now is the Chris
Building. They promised us when they built the building that the parking lot
would be a transitional area to our neighborhood.          No more office
development. This is too dense; it's too massive. Down-zone it. Our
neighborhood wants to stay a neighborhood, a residential community. Palo
Alto does not need any more massive housing. I hope you hear the
community's request. Thank you.


                                                                         Page 21 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
