                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I will make this quick. We've heard a great deal
about looking at this as a parcel, the 700 square feet we've been talking
about that are in the Research Park. As we look at the other companies that
are there, have they used this same method of calculation that we have
talked about tonight, where it's part of a greater parcel rather than an
individual parcel?

Ms. Gitelman: If your question is whether other leaseholds in the park are
organized around lease lines rather than parcel lines, the answer is yes.

Council Member Kniss:     Thank you.        This would not be setting any
precedent, correct? Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I have three questions on zoning and a
couple on the traffic study. I'll start with the easiest one. There was some
discussion in the Committee about whether 100 percent office use is actually
authorized under the zoning in the Research Park. Is that legal?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, office use is a permitted use in the park.        There's no
restriction on the percentage.

Council Member Filseth: Is it currently legal to move a lease line in the
Research Park such that an existing structure becomes non-complying?

Ms. Gitelman: If that were to happen again, we would catch it. We have
reached an agreement with Stanford to ensure that we get on an annual
basis a report that would make doubly sure we would catch it. In this case,
back in 1999 or whenever, we should have caught it when the lease line was
put in, which was around the same time the building fronting on California
was in our planning office for review. It should have been caught.

Council Member Filseth: There a lot of good things to like about this project.
The whole thing shifts on the grandfathering. If it's a legal, non-complying,
then it should be grandfathered.

Mayor Burt: Are we getting into comments?

Council Member Filseth: I'm trying to get to question. In this case it seems
like it's not legal. Either moving the lease line such that an existing building
become non-complying or building the 31,000-square-foot building on the
other side, one or the other of those must have been wrong. How can they
both have been okay?


                                                                          Page 59 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
