                          TRANSCRIPT
vulnerable and find ways to address lower income, senior and disabled
housing issues there. On the cumulative cap on Page 12, in answer to
Council Member Schmid's response, we did not have detailed discussions
around the 1.7 million number nor did we look at specific issues around
traffic and density.     They were much more generally stated and the
conversation was much more generally taken in that particular topic. There
were some more detailed conversations in some of the subcommittees.
Regarding basements, on Page 18 the third bullet, the CAC requests that the
Council take action to limit the basement construction now.           That is
somewhat overstated. I think Eileen's comments were more to the point in
that we had anticipated that Council would be looking at a number of issues
regarding basements. We were really leaving it to the Council to be talking
about those things. There wasn't an implied action that we were expecting
the Council to take specifically. We have, as the group, sort of broken out a
number of these issues. First of all, the Natural Resources Element, which
you'll get to eventually, really focuses on the recognition of groundwater as
a limited a resource and how we manage that. There are technical solutions
regarding excavation of the ground that are being dealt with outside. Keith
and I are going to be talking to the Services and Policy Committee next
week on those topics. The occupancy issues, which really probably take up
most of the amount of interest, where FAR is, how basements should be
used, etc., we have addressed that in the Comp Plan and have
recommended language to draw those issues in a much larger public forum
allowing for much broader discussion and interaction on those topics. I will
save my personal comments, which were on area plans, and I will submit
them separately.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Dan?

Mr. Garber: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you did have further comments as Chair of the CAC,
you wouldn't be limited to three minutes, if you do have other stuff that's
representing the CAC. If not, we're good.

Mr. Garber: I understand; I appreciate that. I think in fairness, I will call it
quits. I will submit my comments separately. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bill Ross to be followed by Shani Kleinhaus.

William Ross: Council Members and Staff, the following are comments
addressed to the agendized item. In the September meeting of the CAC, the
issue of the requirements of Government Code Section 65302(b), which
requires direct correlation between the Circulation or Transportation Element
and the Land Use Element was raised. At that time, Staff said, "We'll wait
                                                                        Page 85 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
