                          TRANSCRIPT
year that we don't have one. Do your part in participating in this Great
Shakeout. A number of community activities are planned around town. An
RSVP for those who would like to participate in the event can be made to
epvolunteers@panneighborhoods.org.        Next, the City and Joint Venture
Silicon Valley announced today that a regional group of stakeholders has
teamed up to win a $1 million Federal grant for a two year demonstration
project to reduce single occupant vehicle driving from 75 percent to 50
percent in the Bay Area using commuter trip reduction software, multimodal
trip-planning app and workplace parking rebates. This grant is part of the
Mobility on Demand Initiative designed to help communities nationwide
incorporate this technology into public transit services, including first and
last mile connections and smart congestion management. Third, I'd like to
note for the Council's information that the Rinconada Library has received
the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Silver
certification. Last week, we were notified of this LEED award. This is above
and beyond the target level for the project which, in order to maintain
historic features such as its single-pane windows and wood shake roof, had
originally been set at a goal of LEED certified. Due to innovative design, the
project was awarded for green power, construction demolition recycling,
construction waste management, open space and project oversight. The Art
Center and Downtown Library projects already received LEED Silver
certification. Good news for our project teams and for our facilities Citywide.
Finally, Make a Difference Day. Join Youth Community Services (YCS) this
week for the annual National Make a Difference Day service event on
Saturday, October 22nd, from 9:00 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. YCS is spearheading
this event focused on school beautification and book room organizing in the
Ravenswood School District. YCS volunteers will help create a more visually
appealing campus and more organized books. More information, you can
visit the YCS website at youthcommunityservice.org. That completes my
report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next item is approval of—I'm sorry? Go ahead.

Council Member Kniss: Ed, could you say some more about the $1 million
mobility? It's either an application or a grant.

Mr. Shikada: It is a grant through the Federal—I believe it's the Department
of Transportation or it may be the present administration. We'll be happy to
provide additional information. I believe this information just came out
today. I'd be happy to detail it out for the Council.

Council Member Kniss: Could you find out how do we get some of that? It
sounds like it's the whole Bay Area.


                                                                       Page 23 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
