                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: The problem with that is that under the ordinance the approvals
need to be granted by June 30th. There has to be a final approval. It can
be subject to some conditions.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It can't be subject to architectural review is what you're
saying.

Mayor Burt: Is the approval necessarily including ARB approval? Is that the
way it's written? She's going to look at that. While Ms. Silver is looking,
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:          I have a couple of questions, but first a
procedural question. Because the substitute Motion now is mostly the
original Motion, is it appropriate to continue with it as a substitute Motion or
should we make it an amendment to the original Motion?

Mayor Burt: It probably should be an amendment. Are the maker and
seconder of the—in part it's going to be dependent on what Cara says. If it's
permissible, then we may want to do that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can we just address that? Even if it's not permissible,
then the only issue would be that they would have to come back then to
Council for the approval of the ARB and whether or not they win the beauty
contest for that year. Either way, I think all that should go in there. It's
just whether or not they then are subject ...

Mayor Burt: Let's let Council Member Wolbach ask any other questions.

Council Member Wolbach: That would be my first recommendation, that
either we kill the second Motion or that the maker and seconder agree ...

Mayor Burt: We've got that.

Council Member Wolbach: Now that we really are talking about architecture
as I thought before, I'd still like to hear from the applicant if they are
interested, able, willing to have that conversation about ...

Mayor Burt: No, that's not our process.

Council Member Wolbach: One concern I have is that I want to make sure
that we capture this appropriately. ARB saw this once before and gave
their—it wasn't unanimous. How do we make sure that when it goes back
the ARB—can we say it has to have unanimous ARB approval?

Mayor Burt: No, no.

                                                                         Page 72 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
