                          TRANSCRIPT
community. Here two of the big ones are resiliency and making sure that
we have a minimum amount of locally generated power if the grid were to
go down. A second reason is that, I think, we spoke about 10 months ago,
public knowledge and awareness of different renewable options and just that
constant reminder that these aren't unlimited resources. We need to be
very diligent about how we generate them and how we use them. I think
large public projects, including the projects that we'll have at the Unitarian
Universalist Church and projects on our parking garages, are good projects
that people will see on a regular basis. It kind of keeps that need to
conserve front of mind.       For those reasons, I'm perfectly comfortable
continuing at 16.5 cents per kilowatt hour.

Mayor Burt: I'd like to speak to a few aspects of this. First, I actually did
watch the Finance Committee meeting. The discussion on this was actually
quite brief. I think it largely missed a whole bunch of relevant aspects. The
first is the fundamental premise was a comparison of this program to utility-
scale solars. I think that's frankly a false dichotomy. This is one of our local
programs of which we've had three, Net Metering, PV Partners and the
CLEAN program. Together those do not yet have in place programs that
would meet our official policy of the City, which is to obtain four percent
local renewables by 2023. Whether all of the Committee realized it or not,
basically what came out of the Finance Committee was the opposite of what
the recommendation said it was. The recommendation said it was to
continue this program at a lower rate. What it literally meant was to end the
program by setting this rate. That is the absolute de facto impact of what
came out of the Committee. I don't think it was fully appreciated that that
was the impact. Nevertheless, it's unambiguous that that's the case. It
would not only end this program, but it would put on life support at best our
local renewable program. We just don't have a means to achieve it. As
Council Member Berman alluded to, having local subsidy programs or, for
that matter, State or Federal subsidy programs for progressive initiatives,
whether in resources including energy or other areas, is not an anomaly.
This is something that we do right and left. I was just thinking through. We
certainly have our own renewable energy program. We began this 20 years
or so ago and, throughout most of that period, paid well above the market
for brown power. That's what we were comparing to. We had programs
that were well above State mandates. We also have currently efficiency
programs where we subsidize ratepayers for electric efficiency, gas
efficiency, water efficiency, all because we've decided that these are values
that are important and this is how we achieve change. We also have EV
charging subsidies. For that matter, we have extensive State and local
subsidies for electric vehicles. Those are all ones that we have. We have
our Zero Waste program which well exceeds the State standards. We have
on the highways high occupancy vehicle lanes which are a subsidy for those
                                                                          Page 66 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
