                         TRANSCRIPT
have it and it's a cheaper, closer-in solution than waiting entirely for
autonomous vehicles.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I had some similar questions to Tom and to Liz. First of
all, you said we're losing the edge. I read the same thing too, Florida.
Should we be lobbying or doing something with our State Legislature about
regulation of autonomous vehicles? What should we be doing so we don't
lose that edge?

Mr. Heck: The California Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) is the barrier
here frankly. The rules they've issued require things that don't make any
sense. Why should an autonomous vehicle have a steering wheel, have a
brake pedal, have somebody always in the car ready to take over? Once the
systems are safe, we don't need that. We're legislating to yesterday's
technology. I would say yes, we should lobby. I also think we can host—if
you looked at private areas, Moffett Field, Stanford Linear Accelerator Center
(SLAC), they're already beginning to host autonomous deployments on
private land. More of our employers could do that, and we can help create
that environment. There's also opportunities to get exceptions for pilot
projects. Now, the Federal government is actually encouraging that with the
$4 billion in grants that they just announced. There's an opportunity for
Palo Alto to both lead the way directly as a City, but certainly also advocate
for a change at the State level.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You also showed a slide where you showed public
transportation as the cheapest, and then you had Lyft Line. I guess, when
you said it was the cheapest, that was to the individual person who rode it,
right?

Mr. Heck: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you added in the cost of subsidizing—we subsidize all
that—does that public transit become less cheap? Where I'm going with
this, I'm thinking we're about to put on the Sales Tax Measure to spend $1.2
billion, $1.4 billion to extend BART. The question really becomes if you were
to use autonomous vehicles or frankly even just Lyft and Uber and that kind
of stuff and started subsidizing that—first of all there's the short-term
investment of $1.4 billion and then we spend all this money on buses on
VTA. Palo Alto's looking at putting in a new shuttle system. If instead you
spent that money on a Lyft/Uber-type model, have you done any work on
whether or not which makes more sense?
                                                                       Page 36 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
