                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Just a quick clarification, following up on what
Council Member Scharff was asking. Just to narrow the question down, I
want to ask it like this. With the mitigation measures, I think the question is
do they scale, are they scalable. If you have a mitigation measure in place
that works to reduce, say, car trips by 20 percent with 5,000 units, would it
work to reduce car trips by 20 percent with 10,000 units or 20,000 units or
250 units? I think that's kind of the question that we're looking for. It
sounded like that was a yes, but it might be contingent on what the measure
is.

Ms. Gitelman: Our hope is that we can design performance measures and
mitigation measures that we can basically project or measure their
effectiveness with the fifth scenario, and that that would be scalable to other
scenarios. Until we get into this, we're not going to know with certainty, but
that is our intention and our hope.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, just almost exactly word for word. The one portion
of the March motion from the Council was actually pretty simple. It just said
direct the Staff to come back in two months with a process for integration of
the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan with the Comprehensive Plan
Update.

Mayor Burt: That's different from what I had heard from colleagues.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: We're going to have a comment period; you can comment
during comment. I take it that members of the public have had the
opportunity to submit speaker cards, if they're going to do so. We'll close
off additional submittals. We actually have 18 cards, so each member will
have two minutes to speak. Our first speaker is Jessica Clark, to be followed
by Jeff Rensch. Welcome.

Jessica Clark: A few months ago, I stood here and shared my family's
struggle to stay in Palo Alto and urged you to create more low-income,
affordable housing. I am truly moved by all the people who have come up
to me, thanking me for speaking out. I asked them to share their own
stories; however, most of them shy away from coming here for two main
reasons. They are afraid, and they are ashamed to say publicly that they
are struggling. Therefore, I speak for these families who are housing
unstable, because I am not afraid and I sure as hell am not ashamed.
Shame doesn't lie with families like mine, families who work hard and
contribute to our community, both new arrivals and multigenerational Palo
Altans like mine. The housing crisis has spiraled into this situation and
forced many into a place of need. The shame lies with accepting the status
                                                                        Page 70 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
