                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Friend: Sorry. Council Member, could you speak up a bit please?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. I think I'm just going to briefly amplify a
little bit on what Council Member Kniss and also the City Manager talked
about a little bit earlier. One of the things you're asking, are we ready to
commit to 80 percent reduction, which I guess is 160,000 tons per year, by
2030. I don't feel like I have enough information to make that call yet. I do
think that this chart is exactly the right starting point to get to that point. I
think it's important that we see the next level of granularity. The impacts of
how much greenhouse gases are we talking about and what are the
assumptions behind it. Are you assuming, as Ms. Kniss said, all the electric
vehicles or half the electric vehicles and so forth. What are the costs?
You're going to have to worry about sort of what are the assumptions about
adoption rates, early adopters versus pragmatic mainstream and all that
kind of stuff as well as Commissioner Scharff's comments about potential
substitutions.    Finally, the comment on the impact on the community
resonated with me a little bit. I think we need to bear in mind that only—
what?      About 25 percent of Palo Altans actually were subscribers to
PaloAltoGreen when it existed. I was one of them. I think we've got to bear
that in mind as we think about sort of how we're going to get this through
the community. That said, I think this chart is the right place to start. I
look forward to seeing more.

Mr. Friend: Thank you, sir.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. As a lot of my colleagues
have said, thank you, guys, very much for the Report that you've given us
today, the presentation tonight, and especially for the hard work that you
and your Staff put in yesterday. I was really just blown away when I walked
in the room a couple of minutes late and saw a packed house of almost 300
residents. That's a testament to the work that you guys did and the
excitement that people have in our community about this type of an effort,
and people from other communities. I talked with a lot of folks who were
from surrounding communities. A lot's been talked about tonight. In the
spirit of what you kind of asked for, I'm going to keep my comments a little
more macro. I think it's important that we set an aspirational yet attainable
goal with the understanding that we're not going to have 100 percent of the
information we need when we set that goal. We're taking a little bit of a
leap of faith. As Council Member Burt went through with our Carbon Neutral
Electricity Portfolio and our Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS), I don't think
the Council knew how it was going to do it at that time. It sets a goal and
says, understanding that technology is going to change and the market is

                                                                         Page 81 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
