                          TRANSCRIPT
it work. In Palo Alto in the past, almost all of our 100 percent affordable
projects have utilized the Planned Community (PC) zone. I want to say that
all senior projects in Palo Alto, whether affordable or market rate, have also
utilized the PC zone. Affordable housing has always been the accepted
public benefit. Other neighboring cities use things like the specific or precise
plans or community plans or affordable housing overlays. As we go forward,
we have to start thinking about what kind of affordable housing zoning can
we put in place to make affordable housing projects feasible. Again, I want
to stress that we also need the community support and will to make this
happen. I'm going to pass the mike to Grace who's going to show off some
of our current properties.

Grace Lee, Palo Alto Housing Corporation: The most recent development,
Tree House, was built in 2011 on Charleston Road. Entitled under PC
zoning, the 35 units received awards from both the Grand Boulevard
Initiative as well as the Associated Bay Area Governments.

Ms. Gonzalez: One thing to point out with the Tree House is that we didn't
have an official Transportation Demand Management (TDM) or transit
demand management plan in place, but we have one set in place informally.
We meet with our onsite staff every six to 12 months, and we check in on
car ownership and the bike riders. We also provide all of our residents Santa
Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) Eco Passes. We've found that
there is no problems with parking on that site. Actually, they utilize the bike
parking.

Ms. Lee: In 2005, Palo Alto Housing built 53 multifamily units in Downtown
on Ramona Street. Also entitled under the PC zoning, the project received
the Gold Nugget for the best multifamily residence that year.

Ms. Gonzalez: One more thing to add just for history perspective. There is
a shared ramp project right next to the Oak Court, where the commercial
developer had to give us 20 extra parking spaces in case there was an
overflow of parking from our family project. Again, that's 20 extra spaces
that we haven't needed. In fact, we're actually loaning some of those
spaces to the History Museum.

Ms. Lee: We have received multiple compliments on the Oak Court project,
particularly because of the contextualized design and how the mature
canopies and beautiful trees actually provide shade for the play spaces for
these children in this family project. Another prize-winning project is Alma
Place. It was the first mixed-use project entitled in 1998, also under the PC
zoning. It provides 107 single-room occupancy units.


                                                                          Page 3 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
