                          TRANSCRIPT
I'd like to see electric bikes, motorcycles, scooters discussed a little bit
more; a little bit more explicit call-outs when it comes to safe road design
for those modes; parking facilities for those modes and charging as well for
electric versions of those modes. I think a call-out would be nice to make
sure that we're—unless Staff assures me that it's already on the way—our
traffic signalization sensors are sensitive enough to detect motor scooters,
motorcycles and bicycles that are operating as vehicles on the roadway.
This issue of being poised for change, I think the Mayor in particular was
alluding to this earlier. This is important. I'd like to see greater emphasis
on this, more emphasis on flexibility to adopt to changing technologies. A
lot of us will understand that transportation technologies will be quite
different by the end of this Comprehensive Plan than they are today. Some
of those we can anticipate; some of them are more difficult to anticipate.
We want to make sure that this Comprehensive Plan does indeed help the
City become poised for change. I, speaking for myself, would like to see
that more explicit, more emphasized throughout. If there's an opportunity
based on new technology to improve safety, to improve mobility for people
in cars or using other forms of travel to get around Palo Alto or to have
better enforcement of TDM requirements on developments or on businesses
or better enhance our TMA, we won't be constrained by our Comprehensive
Plan. Instead, the Comprehensive Plan will encourage us and drive us
forward to seize those opportunities. I'd like to see stronger emphasis on
things like the TMA and other TDM measures, whether it's the TMA for
Downtown, the Stanford Research Park TDM working group or things like
that in specific or general terms. I think that's a major shift that we've been
moving towards over the last couple of years. I'd like to see that with even
greater emphasis. I'd like to see also stronger support for the City shuttle
as Mr. Moss was pointing out. That is an important part of our City and an
important facility that, of course, we'll be discussing more in the coming
months. How it operates may change substantially, again based on new
technologies and demands and shifting demographics as well. Picking up on
what Council Member DuBois was referring to during the earlier comments
before we went to the public. The idea of trading trips and having a cap-
and-trade or some akin system for single occupancy vehicle trip reduction is
a phenomenal idea. I absolutely support that. I will leave my comments at
that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I don't see other lights. I can wade in while others
... It'd be good if people would hit their lights. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: One of the noticeable things is the time spent on
goals. The Sustainability Section Goal T1 takes up almost 10 pages.
Dealing with congestion takes up two pages. Don McDougall summarized it
by saying without question the implied priority for sustainability and
                                                                       Page 103 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
