                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks for the report tonight. Appreciate it. A
couple of questions on two aspects of this. I think you've addressed
sharrows pretty well. I really appreciate that. I have a neighborhood that
was very vocal about particularly the green signs that would have been on
the pavement. There are other parts of town that are equally concerned
about a lot of signage on the pavement. Will you—because primarily this is
to lay out where the route is. The second or third part of this is going to be
indicating what is about to happen or when, which is what the sharrows
would have done, but you have found, I think, a better way to do that. I
think there's some resistance to too much of—I don't recall the exact plastic
name that is used instead of paint. Can you tell me?

Mr. Mello: Thermoplastic.

Council Member Kniss: Thermoplastic, which is now being used in a number
of places in town. Correct? After a certain length of time, it is pretty
unsightly. It cracks, it gets dirty, and it looks like it's going to stay forever.
Paint wears off, and this doesn't seem to do that. Maybe you'd comment
back to that. At the same time, let me ask the second question. Your traffic
circle, which is on page whatever here—I grew up with traffic circles. We
called them rotaries where I grew up. This one is particularly attractive, and
a lot of them aren't. After the first question regarding signage and paint and
so forth, the second one would be how do we keep these looking like that?
That's not inexpensive, and it takes water.

Mr. Mello: I grew up with rotaries as well. Your first question, recently we
made a conscious decision to start to limit our use of thermoplastic and
green pavement markings to only areas where there's conflicts between
motor vehicles, which primarily occur on—major conflicts where a bike lane
is transitioning across a right turn-lane or a high volume driveway. Most of
those occurrences are on arterial streets or collector streets. We're not
typically recommending the use of green thermoplastic in residential
neighborhoods anymore. We've also switched to a material called MME
which is an epoxy. It's different than thermoplastic, and it seems to be
more durable and hold its color a little bit longer and not crack, but only
time will tell how it performs. In regard to the traffic circles, City Staff
currently is using a watering truck to water the traffic circles that are in
Downtown north and some other isolated landscape areas.

Council Member Kniss: I hope it's purple water.

Mr. Mello: I think it's recycled; I'm not sure where it comes from. We can
find that out from the Operations Staff, if you'd like. That's our intent for
                                                                          Page 20 of 124
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/9/16
