  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

But that’s kind of a backbone and we still have a major problem that we
don’t have grade separations and as they look at having more trains our
problems with grade separations will go up even more. We have two
members of the Cupertino City Council here who last year started with
Mayor Holman on an initiative to collaborate on the north and west county
cities to try to get the new Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) Sales Tax
measure to take on for the first time major funding in projects that are really
important to the north and the west county. We think we’re going to have
hundreds of millions of dollars toward grade separations from Sunnyvale up
to Palo Alto. That doesn’t build them all, it’s maybe half of the funding that
will be needed, but once you’ve got that much you can really start building
on it for State and Federal grants as we build and work on our design and
figure out what the community wants and what would be the best design on
it and to have a process for doing that.

But in addition to Caltrain we really need to have a whole bunch of other
mechanisms where they talk about the last mile in transportation meaning
when you get off a train you only go as far as the next mile. But it’s not
really a mile because if you’re walking it may be a mile, if you’re riding or
electric skateboard or who knows what it’s more than a mile. But in any
event we’re now seeing all these modes of transportation from electric bikes
to more regular bikes to literally scary electric skateboards and to make our
walking safer and more convenient, but we’ll be seeing in the coming weeks
coming before the Council an expansion of our Palo Alto Shuttle System.
But frankly the funding that we have available today for local transportation,
not the regional that I was talking about on the County sales tax, but local
just within our City of our shuttle system, expanding our bike system,
expanding all of these ride sharing programs, we don’t have the money for.
So we may have solutions and we don’t have the money for it yet.

But let me take one example of what’s possible not only could we potentially
quadruple or more our shuttle system so that it actually becomes more
routes with frequency that people actually say no, I can step out here and I
know within ten minutes I’m going to have a shuttle come. And I know it’s
actually it’s eight minutes because my app is showing where that bus is right
now and we can watch that. And actually our biggest local bus system in
Palo Alto is the Marguerite system. And for those of you who don’t know I’m
going to share not quite a secret, but they don’t like to broadcast it. Every
one place you see the Marguerite buses they’re open to public access. Any
of us can ride them. There’s no identity check. They’re open. They just
don’t advertise it very much. So we really have a bus system in the
community that’s even stronger because you’ve probably seen them around,
                                                                           Page 12 of 18
                                                               State of the City Address
                                                                                 2/24/16
