                         TRANSCRIPT
another, then units per acre is not the metric we should be looking at. It is
square footage or residents or some metric along those lines. You can't
compare those apples to oranges in my mind. I want to talk a little bit about
the role of the PC. Historically, do you know what portion of your projects in
Palo Alto have been PCs? Either you or Hillary, do you know the proportion
of all of our affordable projects that have been done under PCs?

Ms. Gitelman: While they're thinking about their project, we did an analysis
at one point. A significant amount of our affordable housing was developed
with PC zoning. I don't remember offhand ...

Mayor Burt: By significant, that could be 10 percent or it could be 80
percent or it could be 50 percent.

Ms. Gitelman: Quite a bit closer to 80 to 90 percent. I'm pulling those
numbers out of the air. I don't remember exactly, but it was big.

Mayor Burt: That's a lot more clear.

Ms. Gonzalez: Over 30 percent of our projects have used the PC. The ones
that haven't were just more scattered sites, smaller sites here and there that
we've been able to purchase. All of our large projects ...

Mayor Burt: All of your larger projects have been PCs.

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes.

Mayor Burt: I think this is one of the things that, when we were looking at
the real problems with PCs for commercial development, we really didn't
give adequate consideration—we touched on it, but I recall the meeting. I
just didn't think it had adequate consideration being given toward the role of
PCs in affordable housing projects. If we can come up with an adequate set
of alternative zoning approaches to a PC and do so in a relatively timely
manner, I'm open to that. I think that the notion that we shouldn't any
longer consider PCs for affordable housing projects when we have so many
examples of how successfully that's been done in the community over
decades is really misguided. I think the Council needs to reconsider that.
That doesn't mean that we won't work toward having overlays, for instance.
Also, what is the nature of a PC? To a good degree, it is a site specific,
specific plan. Now, it has shortcomings compared to a specific plan, because
a specific plan looks at projects and the context to a greater degree than the
PC does. In a specific plan, we're looking at whole areas and a whole bunch
of related issues. The specific plan is clearly in my mind a superior approach
to planning, but PCs done correctly have many of those elements. One of
the problems is that we allowed as a community PCs to be used for purposes
                                                                       Page 21 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
