                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I would say inability to make the Site and Design
Findings 1 and 4. You can take out the rest of that to the period.

Mayor Burt: I think if you're going to make "4," you want to reference what
that is in the Comp Plan, and not just saying it doesn't comply with Comp
Plan. That's, I think, too general.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry, David. Can you put those back?

Council Member Holman: If I might. Before architectural review, it says,
"further, architectural review findings" blah, blah, blah, "on El Camino Real
street faces cannot be met."

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. I don't understand what you're saying.

Council Member Holman: I'm just clarifying because ...

Council Member DuBois: Got it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion,
“Council cannot make Architectural Review (AR) Findings Numbers 2, 4, 5,
and 6. The Sherman Avenue and El Camino Real street faces cannot make
Finding 1” with “further, Architectural Review (AR) Findings Numbers 2, 4, 5,
and 6. The Sherman Avenue and El Camino Real street faces cannot be
met.”

Mayor Burt: Is that what you mean to say, "El Camino Real street faces
cannot be met? That doesn't really seem to describe what you're referring
to.

Council Member Holman: That is what I'm referring to.

Mayor Burt: Street faces can't be met.

Council Member Holman: It's supposed to be "further, architectural review
findings" ... "on Sherman and El Camino Real street faces cannot be met."
How about "as they relate to"?

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible) sense. It's findings cannot be met, not
street faces cannot be met.

Council Member Holman: Either way you want to transpose it, it's still the
same thing. "1," "2," "4," "5," "6" cannot be met regarding the Sherman
Avenue and El Camino Real street faces. Does that clarify it for folks?

                                                                      Page 56 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/23/16
