                          TRANSCRIPT
minutes to speak. Our first speaker is Roberta Ahlquist, if I read it correctly.
Welcome.

Roberta Ahlquist: My name is Roberta Ahlquist. I'm speaking on behalf of
the Peninsula Women's International League for Peace and Freedom. I've
lived in Palo Alto for over 50 years, and I'm a sociologist. Children learn
about diversity, about difference from living it with each other, racial, ethnic,
social class, ability, gender and so on. This City is losing its soul as families
who are underrepresented—that's a euphemism for Latinos and African-
Americans and poor people of color—are quickly disappearing from the City
because there is no protection for them from any kind of rent increase or
eviction. We are seeing the Manhattanization of Palo Alto, whiter, more
wealthy, office, high tech. It's not healthy for any of our kids or for the
investment in our future, quote/unquote. Women's International League for
Peace and Freedom seeks an immediate moratorium on all office
development until low income, not affordable which is a euphemism for
whatever the market will bear. Low income is $20,000 to maybe $50,000.
If you make $15 an hour, that average is $31,000 a year. We don't house
our workers. We don't even house planners who can't afford to live here.
I've talked to several, and they live in San Jose or Milpitas or whatever.
Housing is a critical issue. We also seek a cap on rent increases and
evictions until there's a way to deal with this housing crisis. This crisis
doesn't only exist in Palo Alto, but it's Bay Area. Palo Alto needs to do
something. Instead of words about affordable housing, get Housing and
Urban Development (HUD) funding, seek Section Eight, get help from
developers. So far we have no teeth in any of the planning about affordable
housing that's being developed. I see around my neighborhood houses
being bought up by people who can afford two or three of these $2 million
houses, and they're sitting vacant. We would like you to act, not to provide
us with good words about this crisis. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Becky Sanders, to be followed
by Sea Reddy. Welcome.

Becky Sanders: Good evening. Thank you for your service to our fair City.
I really appreciate your trying to do the juggling act and balancing all these
different needs and hopes and aspirations of all citizens here.            Our
neighborhood preparedness coordinator, Ken, pointed out to me at a
Ventura Neighborhood Association meeting that we have five telephone
poles plus a stop sign that are constructed right in the sidewalk. I have a
letter here where we're asking you to just have a looky-loo and let us know
what you think. The Ventura Neighborhood Association would like to call
your attention to the quality of life that we're experiencing on the east of
Park Boulevard. There are five utility poles and one stop sign obstructing
                                                                            Page 7 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
