                          TRANSCRIPT
Alma Place is a 0.4 parking spaces per unit. These are small units. These
are actually smaller units than what we have proposed for the VTA lot.
These are real micro units. That project went through after a good outreach
with the neighborhood. It's a large, dense building on the outskirts of the
SOFA neighborhood. It was the densest building that we had at that time.
We now have a series of buildings that are somewhat similar to 801 Alma
and 800 High in terms of their density on those blocks. That was an
anomaly, and that was accepted by the community with some hesitation as
to whether it would be adequately parked. Today, we see that it is
adequately parked. I've heard just time and again from members of the
community, and we heard it most recently on the VTA lot project. I've even
heard it through some members of the press who said there are no
examples of under-parked projects—I think that's really an inappropriate
term—low-parking requirement projects that we can reference. Here you
have a whole series of them. You have the Oak Court, the Alma Place and
others.    I think we need to look at both within our community and
elsewhere. I think that's one of the most important things we can do,
demonstrate to the community that this is not a theory. This is something
that has been done successively and successfully. Those, as you mention,
like your Tree House project did not have an active Transportation Demand
Management program other than that you supply the Eco Passes. One of
the questions that, I think, we as a Council and a Staff need to look at is
how might we—if you have ideas as well—be able to integrate affordable
projects with extensive TDM programs. An affordable agency such as your
own doesn't have deep resources to be able to buy, for instance, necessarily
Caltrain passes. VTA Eco Passes are very inexpensive and more affordable
and will work well for a lot of these areas, but this one's also going to be at
the Caltrain line. This goes into one of the discussion items that we'll have
later tonight, which is around funding of local transportation programs.
Something for us to consider at that time is who should necessarily be the
beneficiaries of those local transportation programs. Should they only be
the employees from the companies who are paying into what might be a tax
or might they also extend to those who simply take trips off the road that all
the cars are equal in their impacts roughly? That's a consideration for us to
have. One of the questions too as brought up about this neighborhood and
in particular around Cal. Ave. is the RPP program and whether a project like
this might be able to not—if we have a program that sells permits to
Downtown workers, if residents in those Downtown areas are not eligible to
purchase permits in the RPP area, then that would further assure the
residents that that's not going to be a spillover. It's just something to think
about. The comparison of Palo Alto Central is in some ways a good one,
because that's a very large, prominent housing development.             Council
Member Schmid had asked about units per acre, which I think is a real false
metric. If we're talking about small units on one project and large units on
                                                                        Page 20 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
