                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Diane Recklis to be followed by Soo-Ling Chan.
Welcome.

Diane Reklis: Hello. I'm Diane Recklis, and I just had to duck out of here
and take our 99-year-old neighbor, an original Eichler owner, who wanted to
speak in favor of it, but he had to go home and go to bed. Simon is not
here; he would have spoken in favor of it. We live very happily in an original
Eichler with an extended family. My daughter and my grandson live with us.
We're making it work without any particular changes to the house. There's a
lot of different values that homes have. It's not just about the money. We
tend to forget that. We look on Zillow; Zillow gives us one number.
Monetary is one way that homes are valued. Another is the community, and
the third is the livability. The Royal Manor homes continue to sell for crazy
amounts of money, and they sell within a week or two of going on, and they
sell for more than is asked for. It's hard to say that anything about keeping
them the way they are is causing a financial hardship. The schools, parks,
jobs and involved citizens lead to community value. You can make a big
difference on our community value. Again, that's not really the house, but it
certainly is part of what we live for. Mid-century modern design including
the back and side yards with privacy and the fact that you can actually live
outside and not worry about people seeing into your yard where you're
sunbathing or whatever. This also contributes to your monetary value, but
that's very different. If my house went up to two stories, six of my
neighbors would lose privacy. They'd lose a whole bunch. To me, that's just
not acceptable. Please focus on the needs of those who actually want to live
in our neighborhoods. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Soo-Ling Chan to be followed by Janice Henrotin.

Soo-Ling Chan: May I submit a photo? It's a monster house in process, a
monster house that is done and looking out my window of what horror it
could be. It's a low buffer zone. I'm Soo-Ling Chin; I live at 3469 Greer
Road, Palo Alto. I'm in support of the single story overlay. I feel badly
there are vocal opponents who have been rallying and spreading
misinformation on the review process, misinformation on home values. This
shows no respect towards neighbors. My family were immigrants in 1888 in
California. My family could not buy or move into La Jolla, California, in
1960. There was a restriction code against selling to Asians, Jewish, Blacks,
Mexicans to purchase property. Then the Civil Rights Act passed. My family
could build a home in La Jolla. My point is when my family could finally build
a home, we were taught to have respect towards our neighbors. We were
aware of property rights and privacy rights on a home design that would
enhance the neighborhood. Coming from a community where we were the
only Chinese family in town, I ironically moved to Palo Alto in 1974 for the
                                                                        Page 78 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
