                          TRANSCRIPT
involves a lot of these sustainability issues. We have a groundwater meeting
next week. Will there be a perspective on sustainability? How do we as
Council Members who have to make long-term water decisions, Comp. Plan
decisions, land use decisions fit in an aggressive sustainability perspective?
I agree with my Colleague who said what we have scheduled are Study
Sessions until the fall. Of course, by the fall we will have gone through our
Comp. Plan discussions, gone through our Urban Water Management. Isn't
there a perspective that we should be deriving and utilizing effectively?
We're not trying to arrive at a solution; we're trying to have a public
discussion and public debate. Having a perspective. Yesterday was filled
with good and important ideas. How do we integrate those ideas into this
process that the Council's going to be going through over the next three to
six months? I have one technical issue I would add. I note that a lot of the
data updates come from Fehr & Peers. They have a nice greenhouse gas
model that is used. Their model, though, has a flaw. It's like our traffic
model is derived from Institute of Transportation Engineers (ITE) data
sources.     It is based on households, so we have lots of data on
transportation use of households. You say this is our City but, as we found
in our Comp. Plan, we have three jobs for every employed residence. We
can't have a sustainability solution that says those people leave our borders
in the evening, let someone else take care of their problems. How do we
deal with that 3:1 ratio when Fehr & Peers says all you have to look at is
your households? It seems to me we've got to deal with both sides of the
issue.   A technical issue is Fehr & Peers greenhouse gas model, the
appropriate one we should be using. Those are my ...

Mr. Friend:   Thank you, Council Member Schmid. Let me respond to the
technical question first and only in part. I think we need to bring in the folks
from Planning to give you a more substantial answer. We had already
worked with Fehr & Peers on this analysis before I joined the City two years
ago. That's the model that we have had and have updated. We could revisit
vendors and build a new model or bring someone else's in. The Comp. Plan
process has in fact done their modeling with a different firm, and we have
some different results. One of the things we need to do is reconcile those
differences. As you well know, transportation modeling is a very challenging
thing to do. Our utility data is measured. Our transportation data is
modeled and inferred based on assumptions in models. It's not as precise.
That said, the Fehr & Peers model, as I understand, is the standard
approach, gives the Palo Alto footprint a share of the inbound commuting
and a share of the outbound commuting, half of each of those as well as 100
percent of the travel that happens in town. We're not ignoring impact
elsewhere. There is some disagreement about how much of that load is
from inbound versus outbound, but we know we have a situation of net
90,000 or so people who show up here every day coming to work. It's
                                                                         Page 74 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
