                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Our attorneys are looking up the contract, I believe, to verify that.
I believe the terms of the contract were made. Again, because there was no
plans or nothing visual to see, there was this desire for it to go through the
architectural review process. I'm going to have to defer to a conclusion.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Council Member Holman. We're
looking at the specifics in terms of what the terms might be around the
power generation. The lease and power purchase agreement were approved
by the Council in January of this year. They specifically provided that the
applicant would need to go through the design and entitlement processes.
There was no presupposition that this process was preapproved. It was
reserved to go through the City's regular process at that time. We'll confirm
that there is no contractual barrier to the Council exercising its discretion on
these items tonight. I believe that to be the case, but we'll just take a
minute to confirm that.

Council Member Holman: Just to be clear, the project is to obviously
produce solar energy, and it's also required that it goes through architectural
review at whatever level so that we find it is compatible such that we are
required to do on all projects in Palo Alto. Is that correct? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I had the same question about what are the actual
heights. I too missed it in the drawings. If we could just go over them. You
have 445 Bryant, 57 feet. It looked like Cambridge is 58.9 feet. Is that
correct?

Ms. French: Cambridge sites are much, much lower. The 275 Cambridge
proposed appears to start at 28 feet at the edges and move up to 30 feet at
the highest point in the center. The proposal at 475 Cambridge, currently a
14-foot tall building, will be going up about 8 feet 9 inches, I believe, to 22
feet 9 inches.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. What is 520 Webster go up to?

Ms. French: 520 Webster, I believe, is 57.3 feet. The existing building
appears to be 51 feet 9 inches, I believe, existing. They put the structure
up, and it goes to the 57.3.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks. I guess I had a question for the architect,
if she could come back. What is the minimum height you need above a car?

Robert Laubach: (crosstalk)


                                                                         Page 46 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
