                           TRANSCRIPT
history and see how many times we have dealt with a discussion of raising
the speed limit. If we are to believe the public, the traffic is getting worse.
There are more people on the street. Certainly on both Oregon and on
Embarcadero, which are heavily commute streets, the speed is exceeded.
This is not by way of saying I don't recognize they're traveling at an
excessive speed. At the same time, I don't think you'd find a lot of support
for raising the speed limit. I'll be interested in what my colleagues think.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: On the school speed limits you're talking about,
would those be when school's in session or all the time?

Mr. Mello: They are only limited to the period when school is in session.

Council Member DuBois: Just some thoughts about private schools. It's an
interesting idea. I'd be concerned about what is a private school. Is it a
preschool? Is it a very small school? Can any of them ask for signs? What
happens if they close and move? Who pays for that? It just seems like it
could be more complicated than it sounds initially. If you only do some
private schools, larger ones and not others, can we justify that? In the Staff
Report, you mentioned the California highway accident rates. I was trying to
figure out are our streets safe or not safe. That seemed like an apples to
oranges comparison, to compare a local City street to a highway. Do we
have data on collisions by street type?

Mr. Mello: I'll let Chris field that question.

Chris Thnay, Senior Project Manager Stantec: We do have data for different
street types. It's not just comparing major State highway. Appropriate is
tied and also for urban or non-urban, different shaded.

Council Member DuBois: A lot of the table seemed empty for that. If I'm
looking at the state average column, is that …

Mr. Thnay: The state average that we show there already reflect the type of
roadways. For example, what is arterial collector street, local street.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just seeing a lot of zeroes. Is that really the
state average for those kinds of streets? If I'm looking at the right thing,
I'm looking at this chart that was at the back of the Staff Report.

Mr. Thnay: The state averages, they range from 1.7 high to about 1.22
down. I'm not sure (inaudible).


                                                                         Page 32 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
