                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: You didn't really talk at all about how the TMA is
funded. Could you explain that a little bit?

Ms. Jarvis: We are a combination. Employers are funding a lot of the
programs that you heard about. They're funding their own efforts. The
Research Park is covering a lot of the joint programs. We're funding the
Marguerite shuttle. We fund the bike programs that we talked about. We're
funding the trip planning website. Basically the things that provide the
umbrella for the employer efforts, Stanford is funding those.

Council Member DuBois: Are you viewing that as seed funding that as it
picks up will eventually become funded or do you plan to fund that
indefinitely?

Ms. Griego: We don't view it as seed funding. We are committed to a
sustained effort with Stanford playing a significant role in that. Perpetually
this will be a private entity. Does that get at your question? Privately
funded by the employers and by Stanford always.

Council Member DuBois: Scoop looks really interesting.       I'm just curious.
Have you seen any issues? Is it working well?

Ms. Jarvis: We are launching that. It goes live in Palo Alto on April 4th. We
chose that vendor—there's a lot of different ride-matching apps out there.
This one has proven experience. They've worked with Hacienda Business
Park out in Pleasanton, and they've also been working with Sysco Systems.
I liked the fact that they had that experience under their belts, and that's
why we're partnering with them.

Council Member DuBois: I was looking at the Marguerite routes. The
Research Park route, I think, goes down El Camino. Do you have some
routes that go through campus back to Foothill? There's a VA route, and
then there's the 1050. Have you guys given thought to routing some
Research Park buses through campus to Foothill? Just something to watch
over time as maybe El Camino Real becomes more congested.

Ms. Jarvis:    Our parking and transportation group revises the shuttle
schedules a couple of times a year.          We're always looking for new
opportunities to optimize that. That's certainly something we'll consider.

Council Member DuBois: Just like us, I think you showed 50 percent of the
employees coming from the south. I didn't really hear any plans there. I
think you guys have a big opportunity to pilot maybe a shared bus from the
south or the western cities. It could really serve as an example for the City's
TMA program and for other employers outside the Research Park. It seems
                                                                         Page 19 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
