                          TRANSCRIPT
for their expertise, because they have been and currently are the HRB
liaisons.

Mayor Burt: From a process standpoint, we as Council Members outside of
meetings can have input solicited, and then the Staff takes that input and
makes their own professional judgment as to whether to include it not. If
you, say, didn't include something, we as a Council as a whole can come
back and say, "No, we actually want that." I am troubled by the description
that seems to have been really, even though maybe the Council Members
didn't intent it this way, has been taken by Staff as being directive. I think
that's not the appropriate public process. It wasn't the intention when input
from the Council was solicited. I think it maybe is just a misunderstanding
and a good intention that has gone a bit too far in that. That doesn't pass
judgment one way or the other on the merits of a particular change. In this
particular example, is it consistent with the overall Guidelines to say—I don't
know what we had as our overriding statement of intent on these Guidelines.
Maybe it is a place we can reference and understand that. Is it appropriate
that we be mandating preservation of certain accessory buildings versus
preserving them whenever possible?

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor, if I could speak to this? I'd put my
light on so early; I was hoping I'd speak to this first to clarify some of this.
If that's okay?

Mayor Burt: I don't want to get into all of the particular recommendations,
but if you want to speak to your ...

Council Member Holman: I'm just trying to set the stage for ...

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Council Member Holman: I was just trying to set the stage to address kind
of what you and Vice Mayor Scharff are coming to. Thank you. Council
Member DuBois was on the phone and I met with Staff and Marty Bernstein,
who's the Chair of the HRB. The intention was that our comments would
come back as considerations. I think it's probably just an oversight here.
These should be Holman and DuBois proposed revised text, not Staff's
revised text.

Mayor Burt: It's not just what's written. It's what has been described to us
orally as how Staff responded.

Council Member Holman:       What I heard was how Staff responded to a
variety of input from ...

                                                                         Page 61 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
