                          TRANSCRIPT
is it part of the Built Environment? That starts to distinguish where the Built
Environment is drifting to. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think the motion has disappeared. Is there any
way of getting it back up? I'm concerned that we've transferred our concern
about mobility into what's called multimodal transportation. Is the problem
transportation or is the problem how we have created that mobility issue? It
seems to me in our Comp Plan we are trying to deal with the issue of
development caps, jobs/housing balances or imbalances. Mobility is a
manifestation of this deeper problem. There have been a couple of people
who have said that someone else is creating this regional transportation
problem. We are the only City in this area that has a 3:1 jobs to employed
resident imbalance.        It's almost twice as high as our neighboring
communities. It's not elsewhere; it's with us. I think that's what the CAC is
trying to grapple in their land use and that's what we're trying to grapple
with in the Comprehensive Plan. I don't think we can take it out by saying
let's fix our traffic signals. I think this is a fundamental issue that comes
with very fundamental questions and is dealt with in the Comp Plan. I'm not
in favor of just saying mobility is a critical issue. That is a piece of the Comp
Plan Priorities we're trying to set.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate the introduction of the notion, but I
have concerns about it, because of some of the reasons that Council Member
Schmid also brought up. If you look at our current Priorities, the Built
Environment: multimodal transportation, parking and livability. I also point
to the comments City Manager made. If you look at some of the projects
that are under Infrastructure, Foothills Park 7.7 acres, that's not the Built
Environment. You have some issues like that too. Where do those go then?
I think there's some issues with separating them out. Also, what is meant
by just—something is being added to it here. Also clarification about what
that is. Built Environment and transportation, mobility, all of that, are so
tightly interwoven too, I think it makes sense to keep them together, even if
we decide we wanted to make some kind of subsets of them. They're just
so interlinked and interlaced. Livability has been added back up there.
Penny Ellson is here. She was talking about the Ped Bike Plan. That is
about mobility, but it is also absolutely intrinsic to development projects and
the Built Environment. How do you separate those? It could be that it has
to do with revisions to the Zoning Ordinance. I don't know really in a
practical sense how they're separated. Appreciate the concept, but I don't
know in a practical way how they are actually separated.

                                                                           Page 39 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
