                          TRANSCRIPT
DeLeon Insight periodical. Based on a comparison of home sales prices
between an SSO zone in South Palo Alto and South Palo Alto in its entirety,
there is less than a 1 1/2 percent difference in price, and three days on the
market. There are 11 SSO neighborhoods in Palo Alto, consisting primarily
of Eichler homes which have the unique design of two sides of the building
having glass walls. Fair Court 3 and Fair Court 4 neighborhoods are
currently in the SSO petition process. These neighborhoods along with
Royal Manor wish to maintain the privacy and natural lighting afforded
contiguous Eichler structures. Should not lose their privacy and lighting and
architectural integrity. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Margarita Merz to be followed Stephanie McGraw.

Margarita Merz: Good evening. My name is Margarita Merz. I live on Greer
Road. I live between two double-story houses. I can tell you what that's
like. On the bedroom side, I have my drapes drawn all the time, and I have
to switch on my lights. On the other side, on my living room side, when I sit
at my dining room table and I look out of my window, there's a huge wall all
the way up to wherever—I can't see it—with a window.             Luckily my
neighbors are very kind and considerate, and they leave their drapes closed,
but I don't have any privacy into my house. My backyard is the same thing.
There's absolutely no privacy. I support the SSO completely, because I
think that's really the way that we have to go. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Stephanie McGraw to be followed by chuck
Kubokawa.

Stephanie McGraw: Hi, you all. I've lived in Palo Alto 35 years, and I
appreciate the opportunity to talk to you about what that experience has
been like. To the City Staff, I appreciate all the work you've done to prepare
for this. I hope that there won't be a lot of dissension in our neighborhood
whichever way the vote goes. Tonight started with a long and drawn out
talk about what we could do to be environmentally friendly, what could Palo
Alto do more. Building two-story houses on very, very small lots, 30 feet in
the air is not environmentally friendly. I'm very much in support of the SSO
because, if the houses on either side of me and over the back fence go up
30 feet, I'll have to do as Kitty said and put curtains up on my windows.
I've never had to have curtains up on my windows. It would impact all the
wildlife that I see. There are titmice; they're all over the place. Goldfinches.
Please preserve our neighborhood. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Chuck Kubokawa to be followed by (inaudible)
Ayed [phonetic]. Welcome.


                                                                          Page 84 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
