                         TRANSCRIPT
emails and so forth. I just wanted to acknowledge them. I'm here to invite
you to join Palo Alto residents at the upcoming FAA Select Committee
meetings to address airplane noise. There's going to be three of them from
now until June 29th. The first one is on Wednesday at 6:00 P.M., 307
Church Street, Santa Cruz 95060. I invite all Palo Alto residents to join your
neighbors. I would like to be able to know that each of you has firsthand
knowledge of the conversations with the FAA and amongst the regional
elected officials that are going to be discussing our situation with airplane
noise. I know that you know that this is not a small problem for residents.
As with any community, when your people need your help, you lend your
presence. Your personal presence matters. You don't have to solve the
problem, but you have a big role to play as part of the solution. If you
attend these meetings, you may learn what you can do to help. Please don't
wait for a report or a secondhand update or for a colleague to fill you in.
Please come and be there. Be there for the residents. You'll learn a lot, and
you can help. I appreciate all the work that's going on with the City study.
We really need that to be sped up, because this is the moment to effect
change. Once these conversations go away, there's not going to be a
possibility. Everything that we have been working on for the last year needs
to be expedited. I appreciate all your work. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sandra Bentfraim.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor? Question for the last speaker. She
mentioned three public meetings, but she only listed one. I just wonder if
she wouldn't like to list the other two.

Mayor Burt: Okay.

Ms. Landesmann: The second one, I will report back to you. The last one is
on June 29th in Santa Clara County. The first one is in Santa Cruz, which is
this Wednesday at 6:00 P.M. The second one will be in San Mateo County.

Female: June 14th—15th.

Ms. Landesmann: Thank you. June 15th. The third one is going to be in
Santa Clara County on June 29th. I don't know if you're aware, but these
are very political meetings. The FAA said very clearly, some of the most
senior people said, "We can do anything as long as you guys agree where
the noise goes." It's true; technically, they can do a lot. This is political,
and that's why I would like for you to attend, because you will be able to get
a sense of what's going on. It is a regional issue, so you can help us. Thank
you.


                                                                        Page 8 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
