                          TRANSCRIPT
on the other hand, retains a fair amount of competition between cyclists and
motor vehicles crossing Embarcadero. In addition, crossing Embarcadero
would continue to be a tough sell. Crossing Embarcadero to use the cycle
track on the other side by going on that crosswalk in front of Trader Joe's
would be a tough sell. I thank City Staff and contractors for listening to the
community and developing these plans to improve this important corridor
and for balancing the needs of many different community members. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Judd, can I ask you a question about this kind of hybrid thing
that I was bringing up? I hesitate to throw in a design change in the middle
of a Council meeting. Do you have any thoughts on whether that particular
segment—retaining Alternative 1, but that segment staying two-way would
be good or bad?

Mr. Volino: I think it would be good to have it two-way. To be perfectly
frank, that's exactly how I personally use that block right now. I go to Town
and Country, I go to Stanford, I go to Paly even on that side, and then I
take the bridge. When I'm coming back, it's most comfortable to stay on
the north side frankly, because I'm also ending up on the north side because
I'm heading into Kingsley to get over into the other part of the residential
area. I think making that two-way would be frankly good. I want to be
open to everybody's ideas.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Penny Ellson, to be followed by
Amie Ashton. Welcome.

Penny Ellson: Good evening. I'm Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place. I'm
here to support improvements to the Embarcadero, El Camino to Emerson
stretch and to express my preference for Alternative 1. I'm going to cut this
short in the interest of time, because Judd's really covered a lot of stuff that
I was going to talk about. Let's see. Students and parents are going to like
the visibility and separation from cars of these improvements, the protected
intersection, the separated bikeways on both sides of the road. I guess I
want to talk about this more generally. We really need better bike and
pedestrian facilities on east-west cross-town residential arterials. These
arterials currently function poorly as the backbone to our Citywide bike and
pedestrian network. People who walk and bike in Palo Alto have few east-
west options because of the rail barrier. Our grade-separated expressways,
Oregon and San Antonio, serve cars exclusively. People who walk and bike
are left with few options, so residential arterials take on very special
importance as east-west connectors for all modes.           Embarcadero and
Charleston-Arastradero already carry large volumes of bicyclists and
pedestrians, including hundreds of Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)

                                                                         Page 80 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
