                          TRANSCRIPT
public comments regarding this item and the potential for contamination
offsite. I want to thank all of those who submitted comments prior to this
meeting. I'm sure we'll hear a summary as we move forward into the public
comment period. Among the comments we received was a request to delay
this action this evening until the DTSC could issues its final action; a request
for additional mitigation measures beyond what Stanford has proposed; a
request for further site remediation; and a discussion regarding the risk to
offsite homes in addition to data secured through actual collecting of
additional samples and testing offsite.        We understand the DTSC has
received and will evaluate the testing that was done by the neighbors.
Obviously it's a serious issue, and we look forward to hearing the results of
their review. We do not at this point believe that those tests and any
contamination that's confirmed would relate to what's happening onsite and
the site conditions. Again, I will defer to the experts on this issue. The Staff
Report summarizes the findings that need to be made for a final map
amendment. I'll just draw your attention to the first one, changes in
circumstances that make any or all of the map no longer appropriate or
necessary. Obviously in this case, we're referring the changes in conditions
and circumstances related to the TCE contamination that was discovered
during the anticipated site investigation that was clearly anticipated in the
EIR. I'd say, just on top of that, often in California Environmental Quality
Act (CEQA) parlance, when we're talking about environmental review, we
often talk about changes in circumstances as necessitating additional
environmental review. This is really a different context. The EIR anticipated
that we would do additional site characterization and take care of any
contaminants that were identified. The Record of Land Use Action contains
these final map findings, the CEQA determination and provides an
opportunity to the Council, if the Council wishes, for additional findings
related to some of the mitigation measures that Stanford has proposed, the
extraordinary 10-inch slab, the vapor barriers under the homes. We could
also use that opportunity to condition the building permit issuance for the
seven homes closest to these TCE hotspots, condition those building permits
on the no further action just to give us further comfort that that will be
taken care of in an expeditious manner. Jodie and I are here to answer any
questions you have. At this point, we would recommend you hear from the
applicant, the public, and then the applicant will have a short rebuttal.
Then, of course, Council questions and comments. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. First, do we have any questions of Staff before
hearing from the applicant? The applicant has up to 10 minutes to speak.
Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 7:10 P.M.

                                                                          Page 17 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
