                          TRANSCRIPT
can encourage people to budget their comments within that timeframe.
Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'll try to be efficient. To start out with a negative
just to get it out of the way. I really appreciated, because it's very telling,
the separate Attachment B that you provided. It's very telling because if
you look at Palo Alto's LOS ratings, we don't fare very well. Consistently we
don't far very well. Those are on Page 3 and—I marked the other Page, but
I'm not going to come up with it as fast as I want to. We're consistently Ds
and Es with a couple of Cs thrown in. We don't fare very well. What have
we been doing isn't really that helpful. I look on the other hand at Menlo
Park—this is on the presentation. I really wish—can I ask you guys please
to put page numbers on these presentations. They continue to come back,
so it's very hard to refer to a page. The one that says nearby jurisdiction
thresholds. Menlo Park has an LOS C at collector and local intersections.
That's the best of the ones that are presented here, Mountain View, Menlo
Park, Los Altos and Palo Alto. They've been doing something that's better
than us. Someone else said—I agree—that just because the VMT gets
better, it doesn't mean that our LOS is going to get better. The example
that Arthur Keller gave and I could give a couple of other examples. One
thing doesn't necessarily lead to the other. I also look at—I think we'd be
prudent to work towards no net new trips. If we're really going to look
towards stringent TDM programs and an effective TMA, I think that's where
we ought to be headed. I agree with Council Member Kniss and her
comments about—somebody else said something too about the LOS isn't
just about greenhouse gases.        It's also about stress, quality of life,
frustration. If I look at whatever page it is, multimodal levels of service that
was in the presentation also, that looks at LOS for automobile, bicycle,
pedestrian and buses, this one that has the grid of 12 images. I just want to
point out and want people to notice that the AB LOS for pedestrians, look at
the width of those sidewalks. They're nice, wide sidewalks. They're not
stressful to traverse. That's something that we have not been doing very
well, but I know we can get there. Baseline, I absolutely agree with that.
There are other examples I could give too. There was a project in East
Bayshore that used the existing baseline for an empty building. That uses a
baseline when it was occupied, but it was an empty building. Baseline for
existing conditions and not grandfathering what was there before. I think
when we're implementing, as we're required to for CEQA purposes, the VMT,
one of the descriptions that was given for that is it's an efficiency metric.
I'm not sure if I understand what that language is meant to be. I think as
we try to describe VMT and how to utilize it and the impacts of using it, not
using it or using it conjunction with LOS is really critical. Having our own
standards, I think, are going to be important. Sorry to say that because it's
more work, but I don't know how this—in the ways that we are unique as
                                                                         Page 33 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
