                          TRANSCRIPT
and control of the intrusion into several neighborhoods has gotten a lot
better. It's not perfect. Poor old Hillary would tell you that we're still
pounding on her and the Staff to continue the process of making it better
and better every year. It no longer the chief thing on my concern list. What
I really am concerned about is the two things that people talk about the
most. Most people in Palo Alto are not worried about the neighborhood
parking. It is isolated to a handful of us neighborhoods. Parking and
housing and traffic are the issues. I'd like to ask you to start thinking about
traffic and housing. In that regard, spending more money on a parking
garage to house the horseless carriage seems to me to make no sense at
this point in time. Now's the time to turn your priorities to the housing and
traffic situations. That open space there is an ideal thing to start thinking
about where you want to turn the ship away from more cars and put housing
on that property. I can give you my opinion. The truth of it is that my
opinion about those priorities is just my opinion. I keep this National Survey
of last year fairly handy to myself, so I can read it over. Here we are about
to make a millions and millions of dollars decision on a parking garage, and
none of us have the advantage of the latest National Citizen Survey. I think
that's something—you ought to table this parking garage until we can take a
look at how the people feel about our priorities of housing and traffic. Thank
you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sandra Slater to be followed by Richard Brand.

Sandra Slater, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Good evening, Council
Members and Mayor. Thank you for allowing me the opportunity to speak
this evening regarding the approval of Parking Lot D. That's Number 5 on
the Consent Calendar. My name is Sandra Slater, and I'm speaking this
evening as a citizen who's deeply concerned about sustainability issues and
as an individual and not as part of any organized group. We all know that
parking is a problem in the City and that we need to move towards solutions
that address the issue. We need good parking management. We need
additional supply, and we need vehicle trip reduction. We have set in Motion
some partial solutions to address the issues. Reducing demand is key. Just
as energy efficiency is the low-hanging fruit on our homes and our
businesses, so is the reduction of vehicles needing parking spaces on our
precious land. Trip reduction is crucial. The nascent TMA is just now
implementing programs that will address alternatives to driving, and it's
already showing some sign of being effective. I'm just wondering if building
an almost $16 million parking garage, which includes the design fees, is the
best use of our limited budget. While I'm not requesting that you pull the
Item off Consent this evening, I would like to encourage you to give the TMA
more time to prove its effectiveness.         Data from the Transportation
Management Association (TMA) is very promising in terms of the potential to
                                                                         Page 24 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
