                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: That's the benches. That makes it pretty clear to Staff
that what I want to do is to limit it to a small set. It spends all the money,
and we don't go above that.

Council Member Wolbach: Which small set are you looking at? In a couple
of different places in our presentations and attachments, it lists them a little
bit differently. Which one are you looking at (crosstalk)?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm looking at where it says enhanced amenities for
$0.13 million which is $130,000. Staff had a bunch of stuff—I'm not going
to repeat it. Cory wants to hear it, so ….

Council Member Wolbach: No, just point—it's different in different places ….

Mayor Burt: Let me just try and speed this along. If you look at Page 12, I
think those are images of the enhanced amenities. When you look at the
table on Slide 19, it lists it just like in the Staff Report, $0.13 million for
enhanced amenities. That's what it's referring to.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm sorry. Which page did you say in the Staff
Report?

Mayor Burt: I didn't. It's the same thing as Slide 19. We talked about it
earlier.

Council Member Wolbach:         Right.    I'm comfortable with that $0.13
amenities.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “

C.    Accept the $1 million contribution from Google to use towards
      contingency funds; and

D.    Incorporate “Enhanced Amenities” for an additional cost of $0.13
      million.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I actually really want it to be clear in those
enhanced amenities. Slide 10 basically shows a water fountain, trash
receptacles in the baseline. Are we just paying for fancier trash receptacles?

Mayor Burt: Slide 10?

Mr. Schnabel: Yeah.
                                                                          Page 74 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
