                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach:     Fully understanding that this is study, not
promotion, so that we would understand just what those implications would
be now.

Mr. Keene: It's actually evaluate which I'd say is less strong than study.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, did you want to speak briefly to this?
Vote on the amendment. That fails on a vote with Council Members Wolbach
and Schmid voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-7 Schmid, Wolbach yes

Mayor Burt: Are we ready to return to the Main Motion? Please vote on the
board.

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to direct Staff to develop a “fifth scenario” for analysis in a
supplement to the Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) that:

A.    Adds the sustainability options from the current scenarios, which
      reduce impacts, including traffic, greenhouse gas impacts, noise, etc.;
      and

B.    Includes further mitigations along with prospective mitigation
      enforcement measures for a scenario that improves the quality of life
      in Palo Alto by mitigating the impacts of future growth and
      development; and

C.    Wherever possible, the scenario will use Palo Alto specific data; and

D.    Where possible to integrate the Sustainability Climate Action Plan
      (S/CAP) in the fifth scenario; and

E.    Evaluate mechanisms for regulating employment densities in existing
      buildings; and

F.    Evaluate lower General Office and R/D development than Scenario 2;
      and

G.    Evaluate transportation and parking regulation triggers if mitigation
      measures are failing or exceeding expectations.

Mayor Burt: That passes 8-1 with Council Member Schmid voting no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no


                                                                        Page 79 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
