                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Piros: Usually it's sites where there's contamination remaining above
unrestricted use levels. When I say sites in this case, it would be the area
where there are going to be no residential units constructed. Typically, what
we put in place is a land use covenant with the site owner. You asked a
question about signs keeping people out. The big potential risk here is from
the soil vapor intrusion. One of the primary restrictions would be against
any future building over that area. As far as people entering the area, it's
not like there's shallow soil contamination where the people are going to
come into contact with it and it's going to cause adverse health effects. If
you were to construct future buildings there, they would need some sort of
vapor intrusion mitigation system. There will probably be some other
restrictions. As far as addressing any potential risk, that would be the
primary one, limitation on future construction of buildings in that area.

Council Member Holman: I think what you said at first—there would be a
covenant put on the site. Is that what you said?

Mr. Piros: There would be a land use covenant. It's an agreement between
the site owner and DTSC. Of course, that's recorded with the County.

Council Member Holman: That's helpful to know. I think that has to do with
my questions. My comment would be I'm not sure I agree with the process
on this. I think it's unfortunate. We had a project here earlier, the Maybell
project. It's a small site. This is a much larger site. I think there were so
many missed opportunities here. I was hoping that we would have an
opportunity to send this back to get some other things done. We talked
even about a path, a pedestrian/bicycle path on the Maybell site. This is 17
acres basically. I'd argued long and hard earlier for a road that continued
post-construction here. I won't go on and on about it. I think there's so
many things that could have made this a better community. It could have
been a better project. It could have reduced car trips and enhanced
pedestrian and bicycle passage. I will leave it at that. Wish our neighbors
on the west side of the street all Godspeed and good health, and trust that
DTSC will follow up with them, report back any findings that you make. We
will expect to hear. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just wanted to follow up on that last point. By
approving the map tonight, we are not dealing with the issue on the west
side of California Avenue. Yet, data has been presented that says there
might be preferential pathways connecting, linking from the source across
California Avenue. I guess the DTSC has said that they will have a timely


                                                                       Page 63 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/28/16
