                          TRANSCRIPT
really skewed, then we might have to revisit it.    That's not an issue right
now.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm just going to reiterate. I'm where Council Member
Filseth is on this. I don't think there's a problem now. I actually have a
hard time imagining that rents will fall enough that that's going to become a
problem on University Avenue. I think we'd have enough time. I think it
does lead a tendency to want to try and run this as a mall. I don't think we
have the skills and the ability to run it as a mall, frankly. I'm going to vote
against the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Very quickly.

Council Member Holman: One point. Just remember, folks, that economies
do shift, and government moves slowly. I know that Staff has adequate
capability to determine what an appropriate limitation is so we don't have to
come back at some other time and try to close the barn door after it's
already opened.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the amendment. That fails on a 6-3 vote with
Council Member Wolbach, Burt and Holman voting yes. We'll return to the
Main Motion.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Holman, Wolbach yes

Council Member Holman: I had the floor still. Private schools. Obviously
we need a definition around education. Staff had mentioned that. I'm not
sure if that's captured in the framework. Also, I'm wondering if private
schools should require a Conditional Use Permit. The reason I bring that up
is something that Mayor Burt and I are very familiar with. Especially in the
SOFA area, a lot of those sites have been automotive uses. Without a
Conditional Use Permit, we can't even require any kind of environmental
analysis, so where are we allowing sensitive receptors to be located? It
seems to me that we ought to require a CUP for private schools. Private
schools also—we benefit from them, and also they put a little bit of a burden
on us because Alt School sounds like is doing a very good job, but private
schools also oftentimes create a lot of traffic because the students
oftentimes do not come primarily from Palo Alto. The amendment would be
to require a Conditional Use Permit for private schools. In SOFA, because
that's where the automobile uses are. No, we do not. No, we do not require
a CUP, and it's been a health and safety concern.


                                                                       Page 87 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
