                          TRANSCRIPT
foot basement and you have a one-story house, I think I'm correct in that
you do not have to go through any City Council review, which you would
have to go through if you had a two-story house of the same size. I would
recommend that all two-level houses—if you look at real estate ads now,
basements are no longer being called basements. They're actually being
called lower level, which I think makes them into a house. If the City
Council could review all two-level buildings in residential areas, that might
help stop the huge expansion in basements and these houses becoming
unaffordable for all except a small number of people. I think the other thing
that could be done would be to put basements—now we call them lower
levels—into the floor area ratio. Again, this would help limit the size of
mega mansions and keep them more in the range of affordability for more
citizens. I think also the Individual Review process can be stiffened and
strengthened so that neighbors who have these concerns will actually have a
voice that counts, rather than simply being heard and left by the wayside. I
think the mega mansion and the 736 Garland mega basement offer the City
Council and the citizens a chance to revisit current zoning laws and decide if
this is the way they want the City to grow or whether they would like to see
some changes. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Mark Mollineaux. Welcome.

Mark Mollineaux: Hello, good evening. My name is Mark Mollineaux; I live
in Redwood City, but I have been a fan of the City Council here in Palo Alto
for quite some time. I'd just like to comment on the approval process last
week for the Lytton Avenue development and just how it went. A good deal
of time was spent on local issues that were caused by this possible
development and effect on local traffic, the effect that temporary
construction would have on local traffic, roof patterns, oddly shaped lots,
uneven massing of buildings. Relatively little time, however, was spent on
the issue of housing. This would have added the modest amount of housing
units to the City. Much less time was spent to this issue that affects the
community at large rather than just the local issues. Some time was
spent—I commend the time that was spent. This is reasonable. The people
that are of Palo Alto have every reason to prefer the local responses this
creates. It's important to remember that the powers of zoning, approval
process and so on are not just a local, natural right of cities but, in fact, are
a state right. The state of California entrusts this to local communities with
the idea that it will serve the larger community as a whole. It's awfully hard
to justify extremely restrictive zoning laws and approval processes as
serving the greater community and not just the people who are lucky
enough to be able to live in Palo Alto. I would just like to remind the
responsibility to its own citizens, also to neighboring communities and to the
state at large. I think it would be very well for Palo Alto as well as for other
                                                                         Page 10 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
