                         TRANSCRIPT
of FAQs, I agree that the applicants who spent a lot of time and worked very
hard eventually followed the process that was set by the City. They get a
little bit of a jump start by circulating FAQs before the City Staff had
weighed in. The confusion that was created by that, to me, is the fatal flaw
in this process. If you look at the letters that were circulated, one on March
9th and one on April 26th, the one on March 9th ends with "this is an
informal neighborhood survey and puts you under no legal obligation." The
people that read those FAQs that they received on March 9th, that was the
impression that they were under. Buried in Answer 5 is "The City will send
postcards to all effected homeowners asking if they support or oppose the
single story overlay. If someone doesn't return their card, it counts as a no
vote." The letter that was sent on April 26th is different. It looks the same;
it starts the same; the first couple of paragraphs are the same, but it's very
different. It didn't identify upfront and in a very clear way that difference
from the March 9th letter. It doesn't clearly show the difference in that
Answer 5, which states by signing this, this is your vote. The fact that there
wasn't that clear call-out of the difference, I think for people who are very
busy and maybe quickly read through the March 9th thing and thought no
worries, this is just an informational—I'll get info from the City and be able
to vote on it later. They maybe see this and think, "I don't have to time to
reread this whole letter. I'm okay with it being informational and will deal
with it later on." Because of that fact—just give me one second. Because of
that fact, that to me throws a lot of doubt into the veracity of those early
votes. To me, that was my—I totally agree that the applicants tried their
best to follow the process, but that early kind of flaw, to me, clearly was
very impactful because of how many people that then rescinded their vote
and the confusion that it created amongst the residents in the neighborhood.
Because of that, I don't support the single story overlay. It hasn't met the
70 percent threshold that we've clearly followed in previous applications. I
do support parts of this Motion, but I will vote against it because of (b).

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. One of the things this Motion leaves out,
which we discussed, was breaking up the petition and voting process. I'd
like to have a "C" in there that says "direct Staff to return to Council with
options regarding breaking up the petition and voting process." Is that
acceptable?

Council Member DuBois: For all SSOs?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, for all SSOs.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) process.

                                                                       Page 70 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
