                           TRANSCRIPT
Energy Code for example, Palo Alto is slightly exceeding those and getting to
the point where it's even competitive to a building that's rated LEED
Platinum. The Palo Alto Reach Code is progressing along very well, we
believe. This is in spite of a couple of challenges. One being that building
standards only really control the amount of energy that is consumed by
equipment and appliances and lighting, but not one of the major consumers
which is plug loads. These building standards are able to chip away at those
energy consumers pretty well. Another thing is that solar power is a pretty
big contributor to how to get to Zero Net Energy. The California Energy
Commission, which the State agency that mandates or controls building
energy consumption, only allows a limited credit for how much compliance
or credit you get for solar power. With these two considerations, the Palo
Alto Reach Code is progressing along down the scale very well.

Mr. Pirnejad: The only thing I would add is Mitchell Park Library is a
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Platinum building,
and they received all the energy points they could using that rating system.
The proposed Energy Code that we're proposing tonight will essentially be
almost comparable to that. The proposed Reach Code would be about a 40.
That's an average of what we're presenting from commercial through
residential, because they're all a little bit different, which I'll explain a little
bit better. Rest assured that the buildings in Palo Alto are outperforming
any other buildings in the State, because we are Title 24 and Title 24 is
more aggressive than any other Energy Code. You can assume that it's the
most aggressive in the nation. This is a quick overview of how our Energy
Reach Code aligns with our Comprehensive Plan, Sustainability and Climate
Action Plan and the electrification efforts. We are Step 2 right now. 2017 ...
I'm not frightening anybody, am I? I could go slower. If you're worried,
just stop me. Don't panic. If you support me, just raise your hand, and
we'll just cut to the Motion.

James Keene, City Manager: I think they're looking really pliably ready for
discussion. I think it could have been Information Technology (IT). Believe
it or not, for some reason they planned our cut over to Office 365 today at
10:00 P.M. They are sitting around here waiting. Of course, I warned them
that 10:00 P.M. is very early in the day.

Mr. Pirnejad: Let's just jump to the chase. We'll jump over training and
outreach. We'll skip over the Reach Code and the cost-effectiveness study.
Rest assured that everything we're proposing tonight is by California Energy
Commission’s (CEC's) definition cost effective. Nothing is imposing on
residents something that isn't absolutely recoverable. It's well documented.
The base Code. We're going to give you three quick scenarios, single family,
multifamily and commercial. The State minimum Code is in this dashed line
                                                                            Page 88 of 135
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 5/2/16
