                          TRANSCRIPT
some of the street flooding issues that continue with our storm drain
system. I don't want to confuse this with creek flooding which is much more
severe and is being undertaken as a separate operation by our Joint Powers
Authority (JPA). Even from our storm drain system, it's not adequate to
convey the runoff from a 10-year storm. When we get those larger storms,
we end up with this flooding locally at intersections and sections with
streets, which causes nuisance, which causes traffic safety issues. It's
something we would like to alleviate. These slides show some examples of
what I'm talking about when I mentioned the term green storm water
infrastructure. This is a new term that's come into vogue. Some also call it
low-impact development. It's the whole new way of looking at storm water
as more of an asset rather than something to get rid of. The basic concepts
in green storm water infrastructure management are to infiltrate water and
filter it as it once was done when our environment was in a natural state.
These photos include a green roof. The one in the top center is a cistern
where water is captured and stored and reused for irrigation. The one on
the right is a recreational field that's been depressed to hold water
temporarily during high-flow events. The bottom is another set of photos
from the Southgate neighborhood where, again, instead of just shunting the
water into a pipeline and getting it offsite as quickly as possible, we take
advantage of it. We infiltrate it and use it as an asset. In total, the fee
recommendation part of the Committee's recommendation would result in a
fee for a typical single-family residence of $13.65 per month, which is just
slightly over what it is now. As I said earlier, in Fiscal '17 the rate is $13.03.
It's a nominal increase over what folks are paying now.               That would
generate $6.9 million for the various program elements. At this point, I'm
going to turn for a few slides over to Claire Elliott, who served as the Co-
Chair of the Blue Ribbon Storm Drain Committee. Claire.

Claire Elliott, Storm Drain Blue Ribbon Committee Vice Chair: Thank you,
Joe. My name's Claire Elliott. I've enjoyed being part of the Committee.
I'm a Ventura neighborhood resident and also senior ecologist with Acterra
Stewardship, soon to be renamed Grassroots Ecology. Keep an eye out for
that. I want to thank the Staff, Phil Bobel and Joe Teresi and all the other
Staff members, that did a really wonderful job of getting us up to speed, so
that we understood what we were discussing. Part of the process of getting
up to speed was a field trip. You've already heard Joe talk about at least a
couple of the projects. The top left was when we sent to see the San
Francisquito pump station that lifts the water that would otherwise be below
the grade of the creek into the creek, so that it doesn't backup. The
Southgate, which is a really impressive project, has got some of the
neighbors taking on some of the—incorporating some ideas of green
infrastructure into their own front yards, which is really one of the things I'd
love to see happen more. The Mitchell Park Library project, we went to see
                                                                           Page 13 of 98
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/27/16
