                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Robert Moss, to be followed by
Shani Kleinhaus.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. First of all, this
project as proposed will generate between 80 and 90 additional jobs. It's
not four jobs per 1,000 square feet; it's between six and seven. That means
between 600 and 700 more auto trips. The mass and scale are incompatible
with the adjacent residential neighborhood. Almost 30 percent of the
allowed 50,000 square feet of office space per year would be eaten up by
this one project, but this particular lot is not included in the area Downtown
which is part of the 50,000 square feet. You may recall, when you were
adopting specific zones, I said that was a bad idea, it should be Citywide,
because developers would come in just outside of the areas which were
restricted and put in offices. Here we are. It violates Comprehensive Plan
Policies L-5, L-6, L-12, H-1.4. It is not appropriate for this site. I hope that
you will make it very clear to the developer that something like this will
never fly.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus to be followed by Elaine Meyer.
Welcome.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Burt, City Council. Shani Kleinhaus,
I'm a resident here. I have a few comments since I'm here anyway. I did
have many years that I took a child to that building, so I spent a lot of time
there. I would save the trees, as always, especially the oaks on the
outskirts. I would definitely look at windows in any new building that comes
in. There's trees that should be saved, and the birds that are in them should
be saved from windows. Generally, I agree with what everybody else here
has said. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Elaine Meyer to be followed by our final speaker,
Jeff Austin.

Elaine Meyer: Thank you, Mayor Burt. People have made all the very good
points. I don't recall if anyone mentioned that there are no setbacks on the
Webster Street side, zero. Please do not encourage this developer to return
with a modified project. The architects have put a pretty face on a terrible
idea, the destruction of a large compatible, functioning building and one that
serves hundreds of professionals and their clients, for no good reason. If
they return with a few tweaks of the design, will you then feel obligated to
approve it? When they say, "We worked so hard doing what you wanted,"
will you then say okay? That scenario has been played out so often. Please
don't do it this time. 550 Hamilton is a good neighbor to the small homes


                                                                         Page 22 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
