                          TRANSCRIPT
contingency of 10 percent of that net contract amount after the deduct
change order. Item Number 4 is the approval of an amendment with Golf
Group Limited, our golf course architecture firm, in the amount of $125,000
for construction support and environmental mitigation monitoring services.
The fifth recommendation is to adopt a resolution that declares the City's
intent to reimburse expenditures through the sale of Certificates of
Participation for an amount not to exceed $10.5 million. The sixth and final
recommendation has to do with the financing and an amendment to the
adopted Fiscal Year '17 budget. There are two options presented, the first of
which is based on the premise that we would only borrow the money needed
to cover costs moving forward, and that would result in a decrease in the
Capital Infrastructure Reserve. The second option is based on the premise
that we recover costs all the way back to the beginning of the project, and
we would capture in the financing the costs of Staff salaries and design and
environmental work. That would result in a return to the Capital Reserve of
about $966,000. The reason why this second option is presented is that
historically it's been the practice to make the golf course a fully self-funding,
independent enterprise. Option 2 reimburses all the expenses from the
beginning of the project. The reason why it's taken us so long to get to this
point has been the regulatory permits. I'm happy to report that we have in
hand draft permits from the two agencies, one State, one Federal, that we
need to construct the project. We're hopeful to have the final permit
documents by the end of the week. The adjacent flood control project, I'm
sure many of you know, has all of its permits. That was part of the reason
why the golf course was held up for a while, but that's now fully permitted.
There's a contractor under contract for that project as well. This next slides
try to show kind of the big picture of the project costs. This first number,
the $13.5 million, is the total project cost including costs already incurred for
project design, environmental review and Staff salaries. In paying for that,
we have two main sources or two existing sources. One is the revenue that
we generated from having a contractor bring soil onto the site. We were
able to accumulate about $1.2 million of revenue from that. The other item
is $3 million that is payable to the City from the San Francisquito Creek Joint
Powers Authority as the cost of mitigation of their project on the golf course.
If we start with the figure on top, the $13.5 million, we subtract the $1.2
million for soil import revenue and the $3 million for the Joint Powers
Authority (JPA); we reach the $9.367 million figure. That's Option 2; that
would be what we would borrow. Option 1 is that same number less the
$1.2 million in design, environmental and Staff salary costs that have
already been incurred. With that, I'm going to turn it back over to Rob.

Mr. de Geus: Thank you, Joe. We also worked with the National Golf
Foundation. You may recall in 2012 when we considered—I think there were

                                                                         Page 95 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
