                         TRANSCRIPT
grade separating is at all the crossings at some point in the future. For
purposes of this general plan, Comp Plan EIR, we just want to identify major
infrastructure projects that may be coming our way in the life of the Plan
and do our best to anticipate how we would approach those as policy
matters. If we guess wrong, if we end up—we'll have to cope with that
when the future project-specific analysis comes our way. The fact that you
said this is your preferred way to approach, I would suggest that, if the rest
of the Council agrees, is the best approach to put in the scenarios for
analysis.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The trench is clearly my preferred analysis for there.
I'm actually not sure what the preferred analysis is for Churchill, given the
huge impacts of the takings and the way that would urbanize that crossing.
We haven't really gotten there on the Rail Committee yet to have those
discussions. I'm not sure frankly what it would be. That's really a question.
Is that something we should analyze differently in the two scenarios here or
should we not?

Ms. Gitelman: We have the opportunity to do that, and I think that's a
really terrific suggestion to try and parse it that way.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The other question I really had was regarding the
County expressway plan implementation. We're only analyzing it in one
scenario. There's really two approaches on this. One is we talked about
having an High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) lane. I was thinking it might make
sense to analyze it one of the scenarios where we do it and we have an HOV
lane as opposed to I assume the County expressway plan implementation
doesn't have an HOV lane in it. That way we'd get some information in the
EIR if we did both. The other question I had is should we look—by doing it
in Scenario 2, are we getting good enough data to tell us if we should be
doing it in Scenario 5 and 6, when all this comes back? Is it going to be
easier to unbundle that and say that had a significant positive impact or it
didn't have a significant positive impact so we shouldn't support it? Frankly
if we can't unbundle it, I'd like to put one with an HOV lane in Scenario 5 or
6 and one without an HOV lane in Scenario 5 and 6. Any thoughts on that?

Ms. Gitelman: A really good question. Scenario 5 is very similar to Scenario
2. It's kind of a blend between Scenario 2 and 3 in many ways. That one, I
would say, if ultimately we ended up selecting something like Scenario 2 or
Scenario 5, we'd be covered for including how we had analyzed it with the
County expressway plan. If we think we might end up at the other end of
the bookend and we want to test another higher scenario with the County
expressway improvements, that would be another ...


                                                                        Page 45 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
