                          TRANSCRIPT
City's performance and asked people to indicate their approval or
disapproval of the City's work in a variety of areas including maintaining its
infrastructure, efficiently utilizing local tax dollars, and managing its budget
and finances, in each case we had about two-thirds offering approval and
only about 1 in 5 disapproval. Again, very strong numbers relative to what
we see in a number of other communities. Again, very consistent over time.
These numbers are virtually identical to what we saw in 2013. You'll note
that if they have changed, it is that they've gone up a little bit. When we
look at efficiently utilizing local tax dollars, the positive responses are four
points higher and the negative 6 points lower than what they were three
years ago. The challenge is that all these perceptions from the public mean
that they're in a position where they think that City government is doing
pretty well, and they don't necessarily see a strong need for additional
funding. Just 36 percent say they see even some need for additional
funding for the City, just five percent see a great need. Those numbers
relative to other communities are very low. It typically goes hand in hand
with those positive numbers that we see for the City's financial
management. While there objectively may be unmet needs that require
additional dollars, because residents have a high level of satisfaction, they
don't necessarily perceive that.          That would need—that's sort of an
educational barrier that would need to be overcome in advance of a revenue
measure moving forward. With that context, we then asked about a number
of potential ways that a transportation revenue measure could be structured
in the City. I want to note that by design this survey was constructed to
explore these ideas conceptually. They're not ones that we've polled before
here in Palo Alto. A number of other cities are talking about similar
concepts. To our knowledge, we don't have detailed polling data in any of
those cities as well. We wanted to use this survey to understand how voters
reacted to the underlying idea before testing a more fully developed policy
package or potential draft ballot language. In looking toward the November
ballot, we also wanted to place a potential City measure in the context of the
Countywide transportation measure that is likely to be put forward. Here
you'll see a conceptual summary of that measure. You'll see that Palo Alto
voters overwhelmingly approve that Countywide measure; 74 percent
indicate they would vote yes, 22 percent indicate they would vote no. Even
at the two-thirds threshold, that's a very strong level of conceptual support
for those additional Countywide dollars. We then followed that question with
one where we asked the respondents to evaluate a potential City
transportation tax on businesses to raise money for a range of
transportation improvements. Now, we didn't specify initially exactly what
form that tax would take. We just wanted to understand how people would
react conceptually. All of them were responding knowing that there would
be a Countywide measure on the ballot at the same time. You'll see here
that support is right at the two-thirds level that would be required for
                                                                        Page 106 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
