                         TRANSCRIPT
than five, two years ago. The sharp, straight-up Public Works employee who
looked at the application and wrote back that this is not a technical
correction, this is a revision, until she was overruled or made to change her
mind. Listen to what you have tonight. Get a sense of this project. Under
no circumstances approve it. Continue it until a proper application comes
before you and all the appropriate environmental documents are in. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Margit Aramburu.

Margit Aramburu: Good evening. Margit Aramburu, Amherst Street/College
Terrace resident. I wanted to speak briefly to the review process of the
proposed subdivision as a minor amendment. I suggest that the proposed
amendment is not minor because it includes changing the size and location
of 29 residential lots. The change in the park parcel, changing the right-of-
way width and location of the Amherst Street that's an extension of the
current street. The addition of a new cul de sac. These together, I do not
believe, could in any way be considered a minor amendment. I believe it
should be subject to expanded review, which includes review by the Planning
and Transportation Commission in a public hearing, which is how the original
subdivision was reviewed. In addition, any conditions that are invoked by
DTSC for construction on the parcels on the site, I believe, should be
amended into the City's original and master approval document, rather than
added onto the building permits. It should be part of the permanent record
for approvals by the City of this project. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. If we have any other speakers who wish to speak,
they need to bring a card forward at this time. Our next speaker is Carina
Chiang. Welcome.

Carina Chiang: Hello. I'm Carina Chiang, born and raised on Amherst
Street, all of my life in College Terrace. We've been hearing about very
complex issues. Put aside the TCE. You have a developer who's come
before you, and they've said DTSC has approved this. I think we all agree
that DTSC's criteria are completely separate from the criteria that the City
Council and the Planning and Transportation Commission and Fire
Department makes about the safety of its residents, the safety of the living
conditions, and the liability the City holds for any future legal issues. What
we're looking at is, by the developer's admission, a change of 29 parcels.
We are also seeing the addition of a new cul de sac, Amherst Court. You
have to make a tight right-hand turn into that with a fire truck. Bowdoin
Court has also been changed. It's location has been changed slightly. The
new Amherst Street has been made narrower. The City Council, when they
spoke with the developer, requested that the developer put sidewalks in on

                                                                        Page 26 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
