                         TRANSCRIPT
not saying that every plant has to be indigenous, but we want to push it to
the extent it's practicable. Second, that it is not merely drought resistant
but, as much as we can, we have indigenous plants that are also drought
resistant.

Council Member Holman: If you're looking at what's on the board, is that ...

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Holman: I'm good with that.

Mayor Burt: Maker and seconder?

Council Member Holman: Yes, yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Subsection 5, “to the extent
practical, indigenous” after “functions, and utilizes.”

Mayor Burt: That's all I have.

Council Member Holman: We still do need to return to the switching of "2"
and "3" that Staff had said we should do and based on Board Member Lew's
comment. In Number 2, we take the language "is an aesthetically holistic
design of massing," that whole bolded or in this case red comment, and put
that in Number 3 instead. "The design is of high aesthetic quality," and then
insert what was in Number 2 there. I believe that's what Staff was intending
as well. Isn't that what you were indicating?

Mr. Lait: Striking that—the question was where would that reference be
best made. I agree that it's in "3." As we go to the ARB, we'll look at the
words that we're using to describe that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Subsection 2, “is an
aesthetically holistic design of massing and materials (intended to avoid
superficial and “applied” appearance of design)” and add to subsection 3, “is
an aesthetically holistic design of massing and materials (intended to avoid
superficial and “applied” appearance of design)” after “high aesthetic
quality.”

Mayor Burt: If I might just add kind of some wrap-up comments. One, I
actually do value the input from Staff and the ARB that we will receive to
this. At the same time, I'm very encouraged by what we have here in
principle and in, for the most part, the details. I think that this can have a
very significant effect on the evolution of our projects to being higher
                                                                        Page 36 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
