                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Thank you for putting this together; it was
really helpful. I guess I had a couple of questions. The first is you talked
about a couple of sites on El Camino, and you talked about the Cal Park site.
The PTOD zoning is an overlay zoning on the Cal Park site. There's no
overlay like that on El Camino, right? I didn't think so. Under the PTOD,
what's the mechanics of going—you currently have 45 units. You're talking
about the PTOD you could get to another—I forget—45, you said, or
something like that. What's the mechanics of going through that process?
Is that a rezoning or is that within our zoning or how does this work?

Ms. Gitelman: It's unusual. I've never really seen this before. The overlay
exists over the site, but the zoning district—the section in the Code requires
use of the PTOD to go through a process like a rezoning. It would have to
go to Planning Commission for a recommendation, and then presumably two
readings at the Council, an Ordinance.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We've used the PTOD to zone one—I could be wrong.
We used it once on Cambridge for the units above or is that not PTOD?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm afraid I don't know the history of its use.

Ms. Gonzalez: When we first looked into this, I think we found out that it
hasn't been used. This would be the guinea pig project.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When you say it goes through like a rezoning, is there a
rezoning that is underlying the PTOD or is it just a process like a rezoning
but nothing is rezoned? You just go through the ARB and the Planning
Commission and Council? What do you mean by that?

Ms. Gitelman: I guess the site is within an area that is mapped as having
potential as a PTOD site, but you'd actually go through the process of an
Ordinance to rezone it to apply that PTOD to it. Again, I think it's unusual.
One of the things we're looking at in the—I think we've talked about the
changes that come out of the Comp Plan update is to tweak that process just
to make it act more like a traditional overlay zone where it's there and
available for people to use.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When we say, I guess, roughly 90 units, what does that
work out on a—I forget how big the site is. What is that? Would that be the
equivalent of RM what?

Ms. Lee: At this time we're not sure. We don't have drawings; it's very
conceptual. However, the site is 1.7 acres. There are existing 45 units. It's
very much a low—it's two-story with some pop-up three-story, a lot of open
space, lovely and room for more, we think.
                                                                       Page 12 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
