                          TRANSCRIPT
several years ago in hopes that if more families do come and want to live on
campus we have more than adequate housing for those students. We're
also adding amenities like either a store or a pub, fitness centers so that
students can enjoy the campus and not have to get into their cars, etc.
We're trying to build a vibrant community and have the amenities as a
gateway so that not only graduate students but the campus community can
come together as well.

Council Member Kniss: As we understand, the millennial generation has a
different focus on a number of different issues. That's very good to hear. I
think having Escondido Village there has made a big difference to lots of
families through the years. Knowing that that change must be coming or
has already happened, that's really going to be a big change on campus too,
isn't it?

Ms. Everett: Yes, absolutely.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks very much.

Ms. Everett: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: A couple of follow-up questions. In the Stanford
response letter on packet Page 13, it mentions that the trip generation
numbers come from the 2,000 general use permit EIR. I know we have
troubles with the trip generation manual 2014. Is the 2,000 number
antiquated, outdated? How dependable is it to use a number like that?

Ms. Poling: Yes, it certainly is dated at this point. We have not done follow-
up surveys under the current GUP to document whether things are exactly
the same. Undoubtedly, any given day actually that you do surveys you're
going to find some kind of different behavior. I think the fact that the
University's been able to meet its no net new trips commitment in spite of
the really substantial growth both in people housed and commuters is a
good sign that we're doing something right. It is certainly true that things
may have changed. If anything, they're probably changing downward given
the kinds of demographic changes that we've been hearing about with less
interest in auto ownership, less purchasing of parking permits for residents.
Again, the commuting traffic entering the cordon that gets measured eight
weeks out of every year has been relatively constant over the last 10 years.
Those two things point to ...

Council Member Schmid: I guess there's a follow-up question then. The
City has problems sometimes doing monitoring of conditions. You say that
                                                                       Page 12 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
