                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I also met with Allison Koo. The information I
learned in that meeting was nothing that wasn't in the Staff Report as far as
I can remember. Good job to Staff.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I had a short telephone call with Doria Summa.

Mayor Burt: Because this is a quasi-judicial item, the City Council protocols,
which we review every year at our Retreat—I'll encourage everybody to do
so again—strongly discourage ex parte communications on any quasi-judicial
item. Consequently, I did not meet with anyone.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Holman: Could I offer just one clarification to that. I do
believe the protocols say that it's strongly discouraged until after final ARB
and PTC recommendation.

Mayor Burt: That may be. Thank you. We're ready for Staff presentation
from Director Gitelman.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: thank
you, Mayor Burt, Council Members. Happy New Year. I have the pleasure
this evening to introduce Jodie Gerhardt and Katherine Waugh. Jodie's on
our Staff and will be presenting the item with Katherine, who's our
consultant for the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) preparation. We're
hoping that you'll hear our presentation, hear from the applicant, hear from
the public, and then give us an opportunity to respond to any issues that are
raised in the public testimony that we need to respond to on the record.

Jodie Gerhardt, Current Planning Manager: Good evening, Council Members.
My name is Jodie Gerhardt, Current Planning Manager with the City of Palo
Alto. The project before you is the Final EIR and the ARB application for the
project at 1050 Page Mill Road. This is a 13.5-acre leased area located
within the Stanford Research Park and fronts on Page Mill Road. The site
has a land use designation of research office park and a zoning of research
park. It's currently occupied by structures that total just under 266,000
square feet. The existing parking lot also contains 564 spaces, which is well
under the current parking requirements. The proposed project would include
demolition of these existing buildings as well as construction of four two-
story buildings of the same floor area ratio. Along with this would be 10,745
square feet of amenity space, which is approximately four percent of the
                                                                        Page 40 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
