                          TRANSCRIPT
Council, let you know our intent for the next steps. What I can tell you is
that many of the issues the community has brought up, we still need to flush
out the detail of with Pets in Need, even specifically down to the rates. Are
we going to have the same rates, different rates that we charge? How do
we deal with the intake of our Animal Control Officers dropping animals off
at Pets in Need? Are they located at the shelter? Are they not located at
the shelter? All the points the community brings up are good points. We
have different views on those even internally in the City. As we've noted in
our Staff department, should we go through with a public-private
partnership with Pets in Need, that we would transfer the function to our
Community Services Department? Our Community Services Department
works with a variety of different Friends groups and nonprofit groups and
has a variety of different service models with different nonprofit
organizations. Their perspective is a little bit different. They're asking
different question than the Police Department. There's a series of things
that we still need to work through, and that's our intent to do that in the
coming weeks and return to Council.

Mayor Burt:       I look for whether colleagues concur with this general
sentiment. One of the things that we're interested in, in order to authorize
this next step tonight, is whether the services and the fees are similar to
what we provide today. I think we're assuming they're not going to be
identical. There were a number of questions about services. Does Pets in
Need accept other types of animals?            Do they cover licensing and
vaccination? How do they contend with surrounded animals? Do they
transfer for euthanasia? I think those are questions that we probably could
get some answers on this evening. If our Staff doesn't have them, maybe
Pets in Need can answer certain of those. Speaking for myself, I'm not
looking for all these things to be resolved in great detail in order for us to go
the next step, but to have a sense are we looking at something that is pretty
comparable.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, if I might initially respond. I think that can have
some value if you can manage the questions and answers and dialog to give
you an initial sense of these things. Number 1, if we are ultimately to be
able to bring a contract back with Pets in Need, we're going to want to,
during the process of the continuing negotiations, try to address the kinds of
concerns that you've heard tonight or additional direction that the Council
would ask. Even if Staff were to negotiate a contract and bring it back here,
the Council is under no obligation, even if we've had this term sheet
discussion, to adopt the contract as we would bring it back. You could still
ask for additional modification. It also strikes me that on—let's call it the
City operation of the shelter as a status quo operation, there have already
been hints that there could be dynamic aspects or changes to how we do
                                                                         Page 57 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
