                          TRANSCRIPT
Stanford that can mention kind of what those plans might be or if they don't
exist?

Jean McCown, Stanford University, Assistant Vice President: We don't have
those plans at this point. Just as you heard, this is absolutely about
addressing 4,000 of our students who live off campus today, are coming to
the campus today and trying to find an opportunity for them to live on the
campus. That's what this is about. It's not about plans for future graduate
student growth.

Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I'll ask a—Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. I just wanted to ask of the 14—
basically what's going to happen is this will presumably vacate 1,450 units in
the surrounding area as they move into the housing. Have you guys got any
idea—presumably an awful lot are in Palo Alto. Do you guys have any idea
how much is in Palo Alto versus how much is in Menlo Park or San Francisco
or anything like that? Have you guys looked at that?

Ms. McCown: First of all, it will be 2,000 people moving, not just 1,450.
Two thousand students who are living off campus today will come. We don't
have a specific address-based thing. Just based on the challenge of the
affordability of where to live, I think it's probably pretty widely distributed
out to other communities. For example, there's a lot of graduate students
that have traditionally lived in East Palo Alto, in the apartment units over
there, Mountain View, Redwood City. I think it's probably pretty widely
distributed up and down from San Jose to San Francisco.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. A couple of questions. First of all, why
1,450? Why not house all of the students living off campus? Why did we
choose that number?

Ms. McCown: Again, let me clarify. It's actually going to house 2,000. The
581, we pull that apart from the 1,450 because that's an amount we already
had permission to build under the current GUP.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's 2,000.

Ms. McCown: Those were originally actually designated for some medical
residents. Now we're saying we'd like to build those for graduate students,
                                                                         Page 7 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
