                          TRANSCRIPT
a partner in coming up with the final package that we create to try to
identify more funding for the Transportation Management Association. That
is important, but I think the process by which we do that is as important.
That's where I stand. Might I support—no matter what happens, I'm not
going to be on Council next year. I could be talked into supporting a head
tax down the road, but we just haven't had enough analysis. We haven't
had enough community engagement to decide whether or not that's the
right solution to this problem. I think it's far too early to move to put
something on the ballot this November. I wouldn't even be comfortable
saying we should put it on the ballot in 2017 or 2018 until we have that
conversation about all of the different solutions at our fingertips and figure
out what the right solution is. The argument can be made not having those
resources over the next two years, the traffic in Palo Alto will be further
exacerbated and residents will get further frustrated. We read in the Staff
Report that even if this were to get passed this November, we couldn't
implement it until January of 2018. I would argue that the danger of it
failing and this being pushed off for another six or seven years since the last
time we tried a business license tax is even more damaging than waiting a
little bit and getting it right. I think the data we have is very helpful and can
inform a more robust process that the community goes through over the
next six months to a year to come up with that right solution. I personally
don't have enough data and input to make a decision on what the right
solution is tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me echo what my colleagues have said
thanking Staff, consultants, everybody and also the Committee for working
on a very short timeline to try and get us something to consider. Thank you
to those members of the business community who did respond to the survey
and who came tonight to share your views and have emailed, etc., and
others from the public who have shared your thoughts. I do think that
we've seen a lot of evidence from all of those sources. I felt myself as a
Council Member and I think we've heard it indicated by Staff and we've
heard it from the business community, we've even heard it from some
members of the public that this feels very rushed. I am very open to the
idea of Palo Alto having a business license tax of some kind, whether it's on
gross receipts or head count. Lots of cities have that. I'm not going to rule
it out. I'm very open to that in concept. If we're going to do it, I think we
should do it right. I don't think, if we move forward with something for the
fall of 2016, that we're going to do it right. I think we're either going to set
it up to fail at the ballot or, if it does succeed, we're going to find that we've
passed something that we didn't spend enough time working on the details
and it ends up being bad policy. It's either bad politics or bad policy or both,
                                                                           Page 74 of 98
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/27/16
