                          TRANSCRIPT
coming from consumer products. I'm aware of places in Mountain View and
southern California where gun cleaner has given a false indicator of vapor
intrusion. If it's found in the crawlspace, that's much less likely. Basically
we have evidence which calls into question the argument that this stuff can't
move more than 50 feet and at low levels it can't move up into the buildings.
One more thing about the map. They say they've moved the buildings 50
feet from the hotspots. The five hotspots they have identified are the ones
that exceed the site-specific gas screening level that Haley and Aldrich
calculated. That's not quite true. Even if you use their numbers, you have
Building 30 over here. I can't read it from here, but I'm pretty sure that's
where it is. Building 30 is 50 feet from this hotspot; however, there's no
sampling between it. Up here you have a building, and there's a lower level
sample between the hotspot and the building. Here, we don't know what
the levels are.      They're saying that they moved it 50 feet from the
contamination, but in fact they just moved it 50 feet from where they've
sampled. They don't really know how high the contamination is in this area.
Of course, you've got areas over here where they're building houses directly
over contamination that exceeds Department of Toxic Substances Control
default, attenuation factor. Again, they're using the fact that it's clay and a
complex model to say, "Don't worry. The number's a couple of orders of
magnitude higher than you'd have to trigger a problem." It's really not that
hard to solve this problem. This is Department of Toxic Substances Control
document on how to mitigate exposure to TCE and other chemicals through
vapor intrusion. I contributed to the development of this document. If you
look here, it's a great simple diagram. The way you mitigate is you have a
pipe beneath the building with holes in it. If it's new construction, it's
usually horizontal. A pipe that leads to the top of the building. In many
cases, you have a fan to blow out the vapor from underneath. That creates
depressurization under the building.       If there's a crack or hole that
contamination could move between the subsurface and the building and the
indoor air, it moves downward. It's very protective. It's inexpensive. It's
done all over the country. It grows out of our experience with radon. They
could do it. They said they don't want to do it because they don't want
homeowners to have to check the monometer, if you've seen a radon
system, to see that it's working. It's like saying people can't deal with
methane detectors or smoke alarms. It's rather simple to deal with. It's the
standard way of mitigating.       There are actually two ways.         Sub-slab
depressurization has a fan. Sub-slab venting doesn't have a fan; it relies on
the atmosphere to depressurize the subsurface. Sometimes that's done—we
have some buildings in Mountain View where that's done, that aren't directly
above plumes as this is. You have the option of monitoring. If you find a
problem, then you can install a fan later. It's a lot easier to put a pipe
beneath the building or beneath the vapor barrier before you build the
building than afterward. That's why it's common practice to do one of these
                                                                         Page 23 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
