                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Which I don't happen to have in front of me. What
page is it on?

Mr. Sigman: Page 12, Figure 7.

Council Member Kniss: While I'm looking for that—could you find that?
Would you be my secretary? As you look back at that with the reminder
that this Plan that we're doing tonight is going to go through 2038, the last
Plan that was done was decided on in 1998. Now, it's going to be almost 20
years later before we finally get this accomplished. I would think that as
you look back over that 15 years, that would have given you some very
good insight. That is what you're saying this is, correct?

Mr. Sigman: Correct.

Council Member Kniss: That's the expenditure trend, which started in ...

Mr. Sigman: We're looking back from 2000.

Council Member Kniss: It looks like—2000. You took it out about 15 years,
as you said you'd gone back. Starting in 2000, it being at 90. Now having
gone up considerably. You have it crossing. Say a little more about this
chart, would you?

Mr. Sigman: I'm sorry? I didn't understand your question.

Council Member Kniss: Just expand on the information that's in that chart.

Mr. Sigman: You're looking at your General Fund expenditures graphed in
two ways. The lighter gray that comes up sharply is nominal dollars. Those
are the dollars that occurred in the year referenced. The dark gray line on
top is the same trend but adjusted to be constant 2014 dollars. That's as if
it were all in today's money. What you can see is that when we convert it all
to today's money, it's a much flatter line. In real dollars, in constant dollars,
the budget trend is much flatter than in nominal dollars.

Council Member Kniss: Therefore ...

Mr. Sigman: It backs the idea that the municipal government here in the
General Fund is fairly stable. It's fairly flat in constant dollars. There was a
steep period in the early 2000s, but after that a relatively stable General
Fund.

Council Member Kniss: Therefore, did you look at what the trends were
economically as you did this? Did it follow any of those trend lines such as—

                                                                             Page 79 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
