                          TRANSCRIPT
this. To say we know that this is going to increase traffic into Palo Alto, I
don't think that's necessarily true. It'll increase traffic on 101; there's easy
access there. It'll increase that intersection. I thought that comment
about—I think you've commented about that intersection here somewhere.
I think that's true. I would just like us, if we're going to go forward with the
letter, to see it not have that paragraph. I'm happy to have the concerns
that Mayor Burt just raised to be in there.

Mr. Keene: The reason we kept it vague in this regard is we haven't settled
on the preferred alternative of the bridge. This doesn't say what it would be.
It doesn't say what it would not be. The City wouldn't choose for it to be the
bridge in the current alignment or primarily bicycles and pedestrians.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Then we should just leave it out, I think. If we're not
making a statement because we know what we want, then I think we should
just leave out the bridge. It's not about the EIR, unless we're going to do
what Mayor Burt said, which was let's study the different alternatives in this
EIR. This is about commenting on the EIR; it's not about the bridge.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Mr. Keene: Let me just say one last thing on this. When we say the City's
choice of preferred alternative, we don't infer that that's a unilateral choice
by the City. We're saying that the City has a voice in what the bridge
alignment will be just like East Palo Alto does. It would be what we would
be saying would be the preferred, in the same way that when our residents
were saying, "Let's have a no bridge alternative." We're really saying I don't
think we can unilaterally impose a no bridge alternative since the bridge also
lands in East Palo Alto. We've got to work out the solution together. We
also want to say, in the same way as we've said on the other thing, that the
super bridge idea isn't something that they could unilaterally impose. We
recognize that it's dynamic, and there's an interrelationship.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman. Sorry. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Procedurally, I just want to make sure—I'm okay
with moving forward with a letter. My question is can we give general
direction without wordsmithing it tonight for Staff, the Mayor, for Staff at
least, to make some tweaks before sending it.

Mayor Burt: Yeah. We can have a Motion that has general direction or we
can just have comments.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll offer a Motion. Council Member Scharff or
Schmid or others may have additions they'd like to make. I'd like to move
                                                                             Page 95 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
