                         TRANSCRIPT
     De-watering and Truck Load-outs, With Adjacent Stand-by Generator,
     and a new Outdoor Equipment Area Next to the Existing Incinerator, to
     be Placed Centrally on the Regional Water Quality Control Plant Site at
     2501 Embarcadero Way.

Mayor Burt: It's a public hearing, the adoption of a mitigated negative
declaration and approval of a site and design review application for a new
two-story, 7,500 square foot, 50-foot tall building designed to handle sludge,
dewatering and truck load-outs with adjacent standby generator and a new
outdoor equipment area next to the existing incinerator to be placed
centrally on the Regional Water Quality Control plant site at 2501
Embarcadero Way.

Public Hearing opened at 10:17 P.M.

Mayor Burt: We have one speaker. Mr. Borock is allowed speak when we
rescheduling this hearing. I will close the public hearing. He said it's fine,
Jim.

James Keene, City Manager: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: We're going to continue this item. Closing the Public Hearing,
and we will continue the item to a date to be determined. Is that correct?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Sorry for the confusion. We had originally set
up that procedure to allow the public comment to occur tonight. It sounds
like it's going to occur another night. You actually don't need to open the
public hearing, and you certainly shouldn't close it.

Mayor Burt: We've done it already.

Ms. Stump: You can open it, but don't close it. You need to hear the public
comment when the item gets continued.

Mayor Burt: We would open; is that ...

Ms. Stump: Yes, please, and leave it open and continue it to—I think we
need a date.

Mayor Burt: The public hearing will remain open and continued to a date to
be determined.

Mr. Keene: We will confirm that tomorrow. I would expect we can continue
it to your next meeting on the 28th, but I'll confer with the Mayor on that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.
                                                                       Page 80 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
