                         TRANSCRIPT
might have heard. To the best of my knowledge and I'm sure we'll get into
the deep details with the Finance Committee, it has been taken into
consideration.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say I hope we have one more opportunity to do a
relook at the rates based upon latest information. I appreciate when these
rates started percolating through the Utilities Advisory Commission, we
really didn't have the visibility that we have right now on this. As far as
positions, I guess I do have one comment. I understand you mentioned that
a couple of the positions had to do with our wastewater treatment plant. I
support the necessity of moving forward with the engineering positions in
that we've really heard for a decade that we had a long series of steps that
would result in pretty much a full rebuild of our wastewater treatment plant
and modernization of it that will occur over this coming decade
approximately. If anything, I think we've been slow to really up that
investment. This is the first step in doing that. It's badly needed; that's
such a vital function for not only ourselves but our five member partners
who will share the cost of that.

Mr. Perez: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Perez: If I may add, that share cost is 64 percent.

Mayor Burt: We pay 36 percent of whatever the cost is.

Mr. Perez: We're looking at financing the project at rates below two percent
from State revolving loans.

Mayor Burt: The one position that caught my eye was on the Development
Center. This is another accomplishment that we've had over the last half
dozen years or so which is to greatly improve the performance of our
Development Center as we heard last night. It's sort of akin to what we've
done in an investment in our streets. We went from what we'll call mediocre
streets and a mediocre Development Center to really a high-performing
Development Center and the best scoring streets in Santa Clara County. My
question is what's driving the need to add more Staff and is it to try to
perform even higher? On the commercial side, we see on the horizon not
really an increase and maybe a decrease in projects. On the residential side,
is that what's driving it? Is there some other performance-based initiative
that's driving that one increase that was mentioned there?

Mr. Keene: Are you able to answer to that?

                                                                       Page 43 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/25/16
