                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I think it would be helpful if you could check on
that and see if it could make a difference.

Mayor Burt: I just pulled up on Google Maps. In Palo Alto there are two
locations where there are stations within that distance. One is on the corner
of San Antonio and East Charleston, and the other is San Antonio and
Middlefield.

Mr. Bobel: We were both right.

Council Member Schmid: They're both entries to commute routes.

Mr. Bobel: We'll check out both to see what the ownership is.

Mayor Burt: Checking it out, how would that impact our action tonight?

Mr. Bobel: I wouldn't recommend it impact your decision. We would just
get back to you with that as information, so you would know.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Council Member Schmid identified my area of
concern. Again, this is Section 18-370(e) of the County Ordinance. I don't
agree with the 500-foot location requirement. I don't think it's appropriate.
I heard the arguments in favor of it. I just don't think that's sufficient to
impose that prohibition.

Mayor Burt: Can you tell us …

Council Member Wolbach: It's on Page 5 of 13 of the County Ordinance,
which is one of the attachments in the late packet we received.

Mayor Burt: Where on …

Council Member Wolbach: It's in the middle of—where it says Page 5 of 13
at the top, it's in the middle, "(e)".

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach: Sure. I'd also mention another location that's
probably applicable, which is the 7/11 on Colorado and the Safeway right
behind it. I'm not a fan of tobacco. I've never smoked a cigarette in my
life. I've had a couple of cigars, I'll admit, and even smoked a hookah.
People have a right to do things that harm themselves. Buying or selling
tobacco isn't the same as using it or smoking it or smoking it in multifamily
housing. I'm very much in favor of prohibiting smoking in multifamily
                                                                       Page 60 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/5/16
