                         TRANSCRIPT
of Transportation Demand Management. They're very engaged, very active.
I also have the benefit of Stanford had done a lot of legwork gathering
information and data, so that I could hit the ground running. One of the first
things that I wanted to take a closer look at is employees in the Research
Park, where they're coming from, how they're likely to be getting to work.
We were able to use employer Zip Code data to generate this heat map that
shows where employees are coming from. Some of the key points of this is
that we have 50 percent of our population is in the South Bay. For the
purpose of this, I included Palo Alto in the South Bay, because it is served by
Santa Clara County transit. We have 20 percent in the East Bay, 20 percent
on the Peninsula, and 10 percent in San Francisco. This is for the Research
Park overall. We do have employers that see slightly different origins than
this. In particular, our newer companies who have younger workforces will
see less in the South Bay, more in San Francisco. Not necessarily a bad
thing, because those folks are also the least likely to own cars and most
likely to ride transit. It's just an example of how each company needs to
look at their specific workforce and design the programs for them. You can
also see that we have 20 percent within 10 miles of our worksite. That is
both a challenge and an opportunity. A challenge from the standpoint of it's
hard to compete with solo driving on those distances, but it's also an
opportunity because there's some good candidates for bicycling in that
audience. Once you know where your employees are coming from, you can
start to think about the corridors that they're likely to be traveling. That's
important because you can get a sense of the congestion that they face on
those corridors, and also whether there's a reasonable transit option for
them. Next slide shows the transit options that we do have available in the
research park.      We're served by VTA, Valley Transportation Authority,
Caltrain and the Dumbarton Express. VTA provides four express buses from
the South Bay and also a local connection between the Cal. Avenue Caltrain
station and the Research Park. Caltrain is also an option for our commuters,
anybody along that corridor between San Francisco and Gilroy. We also
have the Dumbarton Express from the East Bay. The Dumbarton connects
with Union City Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART), picks up at locations in
Fremont, and then cross the Dumbarton over to the Research Park. Tiffany
pointed out that the majority of the Research Park is not within walking
distance of Caltrain, so we provide free Marguerite shuttle service to
facilitate that connection. We actually operate out of the Downtown Palo
Alto station even though it is two miles farther from us than California
Avenue. The reason we do that is because of the frequency of the Caltrain
service and also the fact that the Baby Bullet trains from San Francisco,
which are among the most popular trains, stop in Downtown but don't stop
at California Avenue. That's the transportation environment that we're
working in. What I'd like to do is focus on some of the programs that we've
recently launched. The first one I'm really excited about is the VTA Eco Pass
                                                                         Page 10 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
