                         TRANSCRIPT
whole Master Plan and it's a huge preserve. It's like 5,000 acres. Not every
trail will be open, but there will be some trails open to dogs in La Honda and
I believe Umunhum as well. No, not Mount. Umunhum. That's right. That
was the very first meeting I went to actually. Not Mount. Umunhum, but La
Honda, I think, will have at least some trails open to dogs.

Council Member Wolbach:      Thanks for the update on that and the whole
update. Appreciate it.

Mayor Burt: Yoriko, one question I have. You mentioned the Purisima to
the Sea. Can you update us on any plans for bay to the sea trail?

Ms. Kishimoto: bay to the sea trail?

Mayor Burt: There was discussion about it a long while ago. We certainly
have potential routes leading right now from Arastradero almost
continuously through ...

Ms. Kishimoto: You mean all the way from the Baylands, yes. I think we
had mapped out—I mean, that is probably something that we would need
the partnerships with the cities to do. I know with the City of Palo Alto we
had looked at some connections from the bay to like the Stanford Hills area
and the new Stanford trails. I know more about the ridge to the sea ones,
but there's the Big Basin one which actually is not our preserve. The
Purisima to the sea, it is one that we'd have to work with the cities on to
really deliver that bay to sea trail for you.

Mayor Burt: Good. I think we'd look forward to that cooperation.

Ms. Kishimoto: That would be great.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much for your presentation.

Ms. Kishimoto: Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: That concludes Item Number 1.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

[The Council heard this Item at the beginning of Item Number 16.]

Staff requests Agenda Item Number 19 - “FY 2015 Performance Report, the
National Citizen Survey™” - be continued to January 30, 2016.

City Manager Comments


                                                                        Page 6 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
