                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the
funding agreement between the City of Palo Alto, the Silicon Valley
Community Foundation, and the Palo Alto Transportation Management
Association (PATMA).

Mayor Burt: You want to speak to it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Greg, did you want to speak to it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, go ahead.

Council Member Kniss: I guess you didn't. I think we've been waiting to do
something like this for so long. This is great detail in it. I think that we
probably all know that, for this to really happen, it's going to take a good
deal of our resources at the City. I think we're recognizing that by putting
this forth tonight. It starts with a modest amount. I'm glad Greg said,
"What about what's Downtown already and could that be a possibility for
funding." No one has ever mentioned out loud parking meters, but I
imagine that is one of the issues we're going to look at it. Am I right?
Looking at you, Josh.

Mr. Mello: Yes. The study that we're working on right now will look at that
as one of the options.

Council Member Kniss: Let me just say a word about that. So many cities
now are doing that and using either a card of some kind or their credit card.
It is so much easier if we are going to charge for Downtown parking. For
most of us who have looked at this for a while, there's really no question
that parking is not free no matter how we look at it. We have free parking,
but somebody is subsidizing it. I'm delighted we're continuing on with that
study. I think it will inform this very completely. I have high hopes for it.
Thanks very much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to point out we had 100 percent
participation by the public on this item tonight. Both members spoke. I
know it's late, but the TMA is kind of critical, so I would like to have a little
bit of a discussion. It's a nascent TMA. I want it to get a good start, so I'm
going to support the funding this year. I have some concerns about the

                                                                              Page 76 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
