                         TRANSCRIPT
that I think are relevant for the Draft EIR. First, Council Member DuBois
actually pointed out that—he made a claim that adding—pointed out that
adding housing in Palo Alto, even the scenarios that add more housing,
won't necessarily reduce the rental rates for housing in Palo Alto. That's
true kind of, in the same way that reducing our greenhouse gas emissions
won't necessarily reduce global climate change and the impacts of sea level
rise on Palo Alto. Like climate change, it's a problem that's a collective
action problem. It's bigger than us. The housing crisis is a regional thing.
We were talking about this earlier tonight for an issue that we're going to
reopen for more public comment after this. The idea that we shouldn't try
and do our part to address an issue that's larger than us, the idea that that
means we shouldn't try just because it's a bigger picture issue is one that we
rejected with climate change. I hope it's one we can reject when it comes to
housing. There is a crisis of a lack of housing supply at market rate and
certainly at affordable rates. That is regional. Palo Alto has a moral and
also a legal obligation to do our part to address that problem. It's really a
straw man argument. I want to be very clear in rejecting it. This straw man
argument that those of us who are advocating for the higher housing
scenarios think that doing so on its own will solve the whole problem, we
don't make that argument. There's also a related straw man argument that
those of us advocating for the higher housing scenarios believe that if there
is enough housing in Palo Alto, every employee who works in Palo Alto will
live in Palo Alto. Also a straw man. I don't think anyone else makes that
argument. If there is more housing in the region, especially located near
transit nodes, such as Caltrain stations up and down the Peninsula, it does
make it easier for people to live in the area. As all academic research
shows—whether you want to reject the science or not, all the academic
research shows that if you do add supply in the region, it will address the
housing cost or at least keep it from escalating and getting worse and worse.
This goes back to the jobs/housing imbalance. I think it's really interesting
that at least a couple of my colleagues and some members of the public
used to talk a lot about the jobs/housing imbalance and really focus on that.
I commend Council Member Schmid for continuing to focus on it. Some
others used to focus on it, until they realized that addressing the
jobs/housing imbalance could not just be done by trying to limit jobs. It
would mean you'd actually have to allow a little bit more housing or maybe a
substantial amount of housing.        When those colleagues of mine and
members of the public realized that addressing the jobs/housing imbalance
means you're actually going to have to add a lot of housing, they stopped
talking about jobs/housing imbalance. I think it's worth pointing out the
change in discussion that we've heard. There's also been a longstanding
discussion about unavoidable impacts with housing development. I've heard
Council Member Filseth, for instance, dating back to December of 2013 if not
sooner, talking about the unavoidable impacts, saying that we could choose
                                                                          Page 86 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
