                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION:       Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff, third by Council Member Kniss to pull Agenda Item Number 3 -
Finance Committee Recommendation That Council Adopt a Resolution
Adopting a Net Energy Metering … to be continued to a date uncertain.

Mayor Burt: We have three Council Members, Berman, Scharff and Kniss, to
remove Number 3. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'd like to remove Item Number 15 please.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

Council Member DuBois: Third.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff,
third by Council Member DuBois to pull Agenda Item Number 15 - Approval
of a Contract With West Coast Arborists … to be heard on June 28, 2016.

Mayor Burt: Item 15 is requested to be removed by Council Members
Holman, DuBois and Scharff. We will now—I have one speaker on Item
Number 3, Amanda Myers.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, could I speak real quickly?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Mr. Keene: Just real quick as to the schedule, just before the speaker
comes. Item Number 3, we would recommend—it's not time sensitive—that
it come back to the Council after your break at a date uncertain. Item
Number 15, the contract, is time sensitive. I would recommend that we—
actually, I think we have to carry it over to tomorrow night's agenda on the
28th.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Amanda Myers, welcome.

Amanda Myers, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 3: Hi. My name is
Amanda Myers. I'm here to speak on behalf of Solar City. I'm also a
resident of Palo Alto. I want to thank you for removing Item Number 3 from
the Consent Calendar. Solar City and other solar companies believe that this
item requires much more discussion between the City and the solar
community. We really appreciate the Council's decision to remove this item

                                                                        Page 7 of 98
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/27/16
