                          TRANSCRIPT
development of the first five year Implementation Plan to be considered for
specific decision-making so that we get some real kind of near-term meat on
the bone, so to speak, of what we could do and what the implications are.
As part of our coming, you would be expecting that we would expand the
discussion of sustainable issues like water, adaptation and sea level rise and
resiliency and a number of issues that need to at least organize in more
explicit clarity. Also you would expect that—it has been mentioned here that
we would pursue the more formal integration and alignment of various other
planning efforts, like the Urban Forest Master Plan, our existing Zero Waste
Plan, all of the plans we have in development around the Regional Water
Quality Control Plant and the Comp. Plan itself. On that last matter, I would
say that it would be good for us to get clear. We can't work out all the
details of the relationship between the Comp. Plan and the S/CAP right now.
My recommendation would be to recognize that the S/CAP should generally
track and trail the Comprehensive Plan discussion with the ability to inform
both the discussion at the right moments of invitation from the Council or
the CAC or whomever, and that we ultimately design what the level of the
formal integration would be down the road. I think it would be difficult to
invert that and do that in the other way. I do think we need some directions
on being more explicit on those two. I don't think you have to do that
tonight necessarily. I do think any sort of statement that recognizes the
importance and the need for us to be able to mobilize our Staff and commit
to future decisions that may be difficult decisions without having to be
specific about there. Those would be important too so that the idea of
accepting the framework of a plan and acknowledging we're going to have to
put a lot of work into it. At a minimum, that would be helpful to have
tonight, if you're able to do that, with this recognition we're going to have to
schedule, I think, subsequent discussions with the Council on the S/CAP
itself.

Mayor Burt: From what I've heard from the two of you, if we look at Page
17 of the Draft Sustainability and Climate Action Plan, which is Page 481 of
our Council Packet, and then the following Page, that has the Guiding
Principles which have major subsets under them. The Guiding Principles,
design principles and decision criteria. I think that if we were to even on
that element get into endorsing each word of this, we won't escape tonight.
The question would be whether we endorse those in principle tonight and
return subsequently for more detailed discussion of both those and the
balance of the plan. Second, whether we endorse in principle the framework
of the S/CAP. That's really at a high level what we have before us, but not
the details. Finally whether we are willing to endorse a goal tonight,
whether it be the 80 percent by 2030 or a different goal. Let me put those
three things before the Council to see if that's something that we are
comfortable with. If a Council Member wishes to place some or all of that
                                                                          Page 44 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
