                         TRANSCRIPT
community that things were changing. There are options for golfers, and
the market can be a little fickle that way. I think that impacted rounds.

Council Member Schmid: The goals we have, you have on Table Number 1,
getting back to 71,000. You have an option there of 61,000. If you turn to
Page 11, there's comparisons with our neighbors. You point out, I guess
realistically, that some of the courses are in trouble. Santa Clara dropped
from 81 to 60. Sunnyvale maintained theirs at 73. Shoreline buffed up their
course and went from 50 to 80. Talk a little bit about the neighboring
courses that we will all of a sudden be competing with.

Mr. de Geus: We're competing with them now and have been for a long
time. Shoreline, in particular, has taken of advantage of our decline. As we
started stockpiling out on the course, we lowered the par to a 67. We
definitely lost a lot of golfers, and they moved to Shoreline. That's part of
what's happening there. It's interesting to look at the market. It's mixed. I
read it as mixed. There's some positive indicators, but certainly not all. The
National Golf Foundation, I think, are a little optimistic. We sort of talked
about it internally. The positive that we're seeing is San Jose and Sunnyvale
and Shoreline are quite well above 71,000 rounds of golf. The course that
we're building and designed is, in my view and I think in a lot of people's
view, significantly better than what they're providing in terms of the golf
product. On the other hand, we see other courses that are really struggling.
Poplar Creek, even though they have 63,000 rounds, because they have a
debt service of $670,000 annually, they lose money every year. San Mateo
is considering possible alternative uses for the land. The same thing is
happening with Los Lagos in San Jose. They have three courses in San Jose.

Council Member Schmid: If you take all those courses, some like Mountain
View have done very well. Others like Santa Clara have not. You say that
Mountain View has taken some of ours, but they also seem to have taken
some from other places. If you add all the courses together, have the
rounds declined over the last five years?

Mr. de Geus: They have. That's a trend we've seen nationally.

Council Member Schmid: Would it be more realistic—if you turn to Page 23,
where you have your projected 2020 reasonable year scenario. I guess it's
assuming 71,000 ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible)


                                                                      Page 102 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
