                         TRANSCRIPT
unjustified restrictions on some houses.       A good example is that the
Guidelines apply the most stringent restrictions to the houses that were built
before 1940. However, all but two of the 54 professors' houses were built
before 1910. The architecture in the area started changing not in the '30s
but in 1920 when the Spanish style became popular. 1940 doesn't seem to
be based on either the history or the architecture, so what is it based on?
This matters a lot if your house was built between 1910 and 1940 as about a
quarter of the houses in the District were. If the City is going to be taking
away some property rights on the basis of a house's age, then you really
had better be sure that you've got a legally defensible age limit. I'm going
to skip some of the other stuff I've prepared and react to something else
that I've heard. One thing that I had noticed in communications with Staff
and which I've heard again here tonight is a tendency to be unclear about
whether these are voluntary, whether they're mandatory or whether they
are in a transition to becoming mandatory. This really needs to be clarified
because it makes a big difference as to the acceptability of some of the
advice that's given in the Guidelines. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Richard Brand, to be followed
by Barbara Wallace.

Richard Brand: Good evening, Council. Two apologies. First of all I have
not given these Guidelines enough of my time. I've lived in Professorville for
25 years, in Palo Alto for over 40 years. I've been devoting time to fiber to
the home and to RPP. There's only so many of us that are willing to put our
time in. Apologies for that. Also I will be coming across a little negatively.
It's been a rough time with (inaudible). I call these gummers because
they're toothless. These Guidelines need a lot of work, and I really ask you
to take them back. Councilwoman Holman has already talked about some of
these things. I think Council Member DuBois has also expressed some
issues. I wasn't going to come down here tonight because I didn't want to
be negative about this. I did check with Staff after reviewing this and asked
what are the objectives. I think that's already come up tonight. Like last
week, Staff needs to come up with real clear objectives. To the point of this
document, I ask Staff how are these going to be used, what's the point of
doing all this. They are guidelines, and we all know in this City these houses
in my neighborhood are selling for $2 million, $3 million, $4 million, $6
million, $11 million, $15 million. I was just talking to a realtor last night
about that. The fact is there's a lot of money behind this. To say these are
guidelines and you should do this, these people have a lot of money and
they're willing to spend it to do what they want to make changes. Again, I
was not going to come down here tonight until just across the street, Bryant
Street in my neighborhood, a brown shingle house that's been there since I
moved in and was actually the site of Ken Kesey and the Grateful Dead—
                                                                       Page 67 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
