                          TRANSCRIPT
with a recommendation not to proceed for a number of reasons. This is a
new idea. It would also involve looking at whether we could improve
parking out there. What's happened since we had the satellite discussion is
that employment out there has increased and the traffic and parking has
gotten so much worse. The Chief Transportation Official has come up with
an idea of potential remedies. This would be a study to pursue those
further. It's just beyond what we can really take on right at this ...

Mayor Burt: This is different.

Ms. Gitelman: ... moment. It is a different project.

Mayor Burt: It does bring up that we—was this at our Retreat, something
that was on the board? Staff put up all the things we voted on, I think, were
principally Staff-initiated with a few write-ins, if I'm recalling correctly. Was
this on the board?

Mr. Keene: I'm pretty sure it was. I don't have the original one from ...

Mayor Burt: We probably didn't know what the heck it was about or we
thought it was about the first thing, one of the two.

Council Member Kniss: It's not proposed for funding; therefore, is it alive?

Mayor Burt: It's low priority. It's a new project proposal, they said ...

Council Member Kniss: Without funding.

Mayor Burt: ...without funding at this time.

Mr. Keene: Just so we're clear. We put it on because we were getting a lot
of traveler complaints from folks down on Embarcadero Road about the
ingress and egress access there and the intersection improvements that
would need to be made.       We knew it was important to folks in the
community. It's just that the alternatives that we put together, one, both
don't have funding and they're all incomplete as far as what the remedies
would be right now.

Council Member Kniss: I look forward to hearing more about it in the future.

Mr. Keene: There was a little bit of thought—I thought there was a little bit
of waiting to see what happens with the car dealership too.

Ms. Gitelman: There's a possibility that the intersection improvements that
would be funded by ...

                                                                         Page 75 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
