                          TRANSCRIPT
think about population growth in the region over the timeline of this
Comprehensive Plan and whether we want to meet our, as I think Alex
pointed out, share of housing growth—was it Alex or was it somebody else—
do we want to meet our share of the County's population growth or do we
want to do more than our share of the County's population growth because
we've spent 40 years restricting population growth here? I would like to see
an option that is maybe more than we'd end up picking so we can at least
see what the impacts would look like. There's an assumption that's been
pretty clear that parkland per resident must decrease, that that's inevitable.
I don't buy that. I'm not convinced of that. I'd encourage, whether it's
Staff, the CAC, the Council, exploration of whether that is truly inevitable. It
might be inevitable, but I’m not convinced yet that that's the case. I'm not
convinced that there aren't developers or coordinated area plans that we can
put together—developers that are willing to say, "You know what? I can
take these two one-story buildings and put them together. I can turn one of
them into a park or a school space or something like that." I'm not yet
convinced that there are some inevitable, unmitigable impacts like loss of
park space or loss of adequate school space if we add population, but we
need to be thoughtful about how that happens. My last point is, I think,
being data driven is very important. Data tells you how much you can do.
It tells you how you can do something, but ultimately we're value driven.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think a real quick answer to Alex. He asked
about goals, policies, programs. I think Staff set up a process; we're six
months in. I'd say let's stick with it. You guys are focused on policies and
programs. If you guys have ideas or feedback on goals, I guess talk to a
Council Member before we have our sessions on it, and we can get your
feedback that way. I'm really concerned that we're repeating what the 2014
Council did. Like I said early on, the scenarios—I think the Staff Report says
it's a work in progress. It feels very much that way. I am still worried that
we're moving forward with a programmatic EIR prematurely. I'd like to see
us go to a Draft EIR when we had a preferred option and maybe two viable
alternatives. I think it was a key point from the audience that we are asking
a lot of the public to comment on four wide-ranging scenarios at the same
time. I think we'd get better public feedback if we had a narrower EIR. In
terms of measurement in policies, I would like to see metrics with the idea
that one of these scenarios would offer improvements. I think we heard that
from several people. I think specifically Council Member Schmid and Council
Member Wolbach mentioned a scenario that basically shifts that balance of
commuting, shifts the jobs/housing scenario. None of these scenarios do
that. My other concern is we're going to get to the end of this process and—
I think Hillary said it earlier—if we don't have a broad enough range, we may
                                                                             Page 86 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
