                          TRANSCRIPT
garage, to have shade for their car or whatever they're parking is on a hot
day or a rainy day a big benefit. Speaking only for myself, but I know I'm
not alone, I'll often go to the top floor of a parking structure when I'm
parking in a parking structure, and I'm more likely to find parking up there.
If it's a really hot day or it's raining, I'm much more likely to circle around
looking for parking in the lower spots, because I don't want to be exposed to
the elements as soon as I get out of my car when I'm driving. If I'm not
driving a regular car, I'm on a motorbike, then I definitely want to have
covering as well. Again I know I'm not alone in that. Frankly, every time I
look at a City of Palo Alto parking lot or parking structure that doesn't have
solar above it, I'm frustrated and thinking, "What are we doing? We're
supposed to be setting the example as the City of Palo Alto for private
businesses and private property owners as well as for other communities to
say solar is the future. Renewable energy is the future. Locally generated
energy is important both for sustainability reasons and for local resiliency
reasons." I think there's a reason why we already decided to move forward
with this back in 2014 and again earlier this year on January 25th. Given
the fact that these are as low as they can be while pursuing the goal that we
asked people to go and do when we put out the RFP, I commend the work
that's been done to find that compromise. We said we don't want it to be
too tall. This is as low as they can get. We said don't get rid of parking
spots because we have a tremendous parking impact problem in Downtown
and around California Avenue. This achieves the goals that we asked people
to set out to achieve. I think they do that well. I hope this Motion goes
forward without too much debate.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I had a few follow-up questions actually. In terms
of the lease for the space, those payments don't start until construction
starts or are they currently paying?

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director: Good evening. Brad
Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public Works. The lease payments begin
when construction begins. They are not currently occurring.

Council Member DuBois: If there was an ARB review, we're not collecting
lease payments while the process drags out?

Mr. Eggleston: It may impact other things but not the lease payments per
se.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question for legal on these points that
Mr. Borock raised. Why is it appropriate to come to Council now? Are we

                                                                        Page 57 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
