                          TRANSCRIPT
the vicinity of $20 million or so that Caltrans is paying for 101 and East and
West Bayshore. One of the elements of that upstream project is to allow the
new capacity under Bayshore to be fed. Right now it would overflow before
it hits Bayshore. For $3 million, if you look at the '98 flood event, a lot of
the community—we had flooding at Pope-Chaucer and then we had flooding
that basically backed up from 101. 101 is actually the first place that has
flooded historically. It's the greatest choke point. As a community, we kind
of all saw the flood waters coming out of Pope-Chaucer, and we assumed all
the water down below was coming out of Pope-Chaucer. That actually
wasn't the case. We could get a lot of flood protection benefit for all of
those properties that are closer to 101 in both Palo Alto and East Palo Alto,
the west side of East Palo Alto, and all the St. Francis, Duveneck area and all
of that. A lot of those properties would apparently get the benefit of the
downstream measures and the 101 measures if we spent that $3 million and
were able to do that as soon as possible. We're going to look at that as a
step approach, something that I got. It was the first time I had seen data
that made me realize that that was a possibility. I don't want to jump the
gun, but I'm a little enthused that we might be able to drive a major portion
of this sooner. I don't expect that we would commence to do that without
getting the full dollars in place and agreed to by the member agencies for all
of the upstream. We'll probably be in the vicinity of needing to round up
another $5-$10 million for the upstream to be able to do it. As of right now,
the budget says $5 million, but we don't have our firm numbers. Hopefully
it's closer to $5 million than $10 million. That's just kind of some ballparks.
These are big issues, so I wanted to give you that much of an update. Stuff
going on there. Anybody else? Everybody go to the U.N. film festival? The
hidden treasure of Palo Alto. Every time I go, I'm amazed. So much of the
community doesn't even know it exists. We have to figure out a better way
to support promoting it within the community. I talk with members of the
community, and they go, "Really? That sounds really exciting. I've never
heard of it." Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I haven't made it to the film festival yet. Several
of us did attend the inauguration of Stanford's 11th president last Friday.
Great event. New president, Marc—I'll let somebody else pronounce the last
name.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Tessier-Lavigne.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Gave a really wonderful speech. I
told Council Member Kniss who was sitting at my side, "He's off to a great
start." A great speech, and he looks like Kevin Kline. Off to a great start.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

                                                                       Page 119 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
