                         TRANSCRIPT
supposing that the residents have paid for their own testing to this point in
time. Can they recoup that cost if it turns out to be—I'm not assuming one
way or the other. Let's just say for purposes of conversation, if there is a
link determined from the 1601 or whichever site, can the residents recoup
the costs of testing? At what point is more testing justified at whose
expense?

Mr. Piros: I think as far as recouping the cost, we don't really have a good
way to accomplish that for the residents.

Council Member Holman: Say that again please. I'm sorry.

Mr. Piros: As far as recouping the residents' costs if a connection is
established, I don't have any past experience with other sites where I've
done that. I don't think we have a good mechanism to accomplish that. As
far as recouping their costs, I don't think we have a good way to accomplish
that. I'm sorry, what was the second part of your question?

Council Member Holman: A tangent to that. Let's just for the sake of
conversation say that you take a look at the samples—you have the samples
that they have submitted. If there's more testing that is merited, does
DTSC pay for that or do the neighbors have to also pay for that? What's the
consequence of that?

Mr. Piros: If it appears there is some connection to the site, we'd have to
request that Stanford do sampling. I think the first thing we need to do at
this point is just—with this being new information, usually when you're—as
far as the status in this correlation, usually what you do at the site is you
come up with what you consider the conceptual site model. I think that's
the first thing we need to do here; revisit our conceptual site model just to
try to determine how basically a TCE may have gotten from Point A to Point
B.

Council Member Holman: A point that Mr. Siegel brought up, a plan that
was up here earlier. If I get this incorrect, you'll correct me. There was one
of the homes that had been—I think it was a relocated home—that was 50
feet from the sample site, but not necessarily 50 feet from the
contamination. What would be your response to that? Did I capture that
correctly?

Mr. Piros: I might have to defer that question.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Holman, I think the suggestion was that the
site hadn't been characterized adequately by Mr. Siegel. He was saying that
it may be 50 feet from the hotspot that's identified, but perhaps not from
                                                                        Page 56 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
