                         TRANSCRIPT
to all of us, and I think that's why we choose them as heraldic figures and
figures of state and stuff. I can tell you a little bit about her. She is 28
years of age, and she and I have been doing this for about 27 1/2 years.
John Flynn, the volunteer back there that's going to take her from me when
we're done here, has been working with her as a volunteer, caring for her
almost every day for 26 years. A lot of dedication on everybody's part. She
goes to events and meets school kids at classes and schools. I don't know.
What can I tell you? She was an endangered species and, during her
lifetime, they were taken off the endangered species list. They were
endangered because of the pesticide DDT. Now, whether or not we have
bald eagles in our backyard is really about how we take care of water
resources, because they're a bird that depends on fish and strong fisheries
and fishery resources. Thank you for that. I just got splashed in the face.
Do you guys have any questions about bald eagles?

Council Member Holman: Did she fill out a Speaker Card?

Council Member Kniss: Is he understanding what you say?

Mr. Aiken: No, she's not. She certainly understands how I appear and how
I look, more body postures. They read body language very well, like all of
us do.

Mayor Burt: Do we still have the nesting pair at Crystal Springs?

Mr. Aiken: There is. They pulled off two young this last year, so they're
nesting near the golf course, probably again this year. She's got (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Are they the only pair in the region known?

Mr. Aiken: No. There actually is a pair south of San Jose in a reservoir and
two pairs in the East Bay, North Bay and Alameda, the San Francisco
watershed properties in the East Bay.        Bald eagles are a recovering
endangered species, and there are now estimated to be 350-400 nests in
the state. When I first started working with them many, many years ago,
there was a low of 27 nests in the state. Really a fantastic recovery.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, I had a question. John, I'm just
curious if you could explain why the bald eagle beat out the turkey for the
American bird.

Mr. Aiken: It is that time of year, isn't it? I understand that that was
actually kind of a joke on Benjamin Franklin's part. He really wasn't
proposing the turkey but was trying to use it as a way of describing various
characters, players behind the scenes. I think everybody was voting for the
                                                                          Page 2 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
