                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Okay.

Mayor Burt: Then to return ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we just say the nearer term (inaudible)?

Mayor Burt: Okay, nearer term.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “evaluate feasibility of these
changes in the near term” after “direct Staff to.”

Mayor Burt: That means you're going to come back after you evaluate the
feasibility, and you're going to tell us what you think can or can't be done in
the comparatively near term and what that means.

Mr. Keene: I think it would be pretty—at least a summary return without
doing lots and lots of analysis, just to structure the components of this and
what the implications are. We'd probably come back with a lot of questions
for the Council also. Honestly, the difficulty with this for us is we don't have
any existing to do this really without resetting some things. On the other
hand ...

Mayor Burt: Except the bike racks.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) bike racks. On the other hand, the question of
actually planning and building and delivering housing is a big issue for the
Council. This is a very significant conversation you're having. This is a way
to start to try to push in getting more specific than just all the different
things you guys said up here tonight. You may have alternatives that are
better ways to do that, but I would really caution. I do not think this can be
like even a typical Council meeting where you would do a bunch of Motions,
and we would walk away and feel like we've got to deliver on that thing in a
detailed way. There is no way we can proceed without being able to come
back and giving you better thinking about what the implications are, even
though all of these can sound really appealing even to us as the Staff.

Mayor Burt: Can we also get any feedback on Council Member Holman's
concern on what would trigger environmental analysis?

Ms. Gitelman: Let me see if I can tackle that. Let just step back for a
moment.      This has been fantastic.    First we heard from the CAC
representatives that they're conversation had included a lot of different
perspectives. Some of them in disagreement with each other, but many,
many of them, which I think are looking at some of the issues that you're

                                                                        Page 100 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
