                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I had hoped that would be what you would say.
Indeed, you intend to engage the whole community that's in the Cal. Ave.
area.

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes.

Council Member Kniss:       I also think that Council Member Holman's
comments about design were particularly good. I think that's absolutely
true. Oak Court is—I probably shouldn't say it out loud. I think probably
the best thing is no one has any idea that's low income. I know people ride
by that on Bryant probably ten times a week and never realize that it's
particularly for low income. Also, I wanted to reflect a little on the Mayor's
comments on PCs. I would have certainly had a black eye, but I think Pat's
comments regarding PCs for commercial versus PCs for affordable housing
are very significant and something we need to revisit again in the future.
That will take some bravery, because we've kind of said PCs no, not
possible. I would encourage us to look at that again. As I said, I think
those comments were particularly good. The design, meeting with the
neighborhood and going back and visiting—maybe we'll call it a different
kind of PC. Maybe it becomes an affordable housing PC, which is quite
different from commercial PCs. I think I would congratulate you on coming
tonight. What I've heard tonight is pretty positive.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. Just a couple of things. First is I think data
would be really helpful. At least I don't see a lot of data that I get from you
guys about, first of all, parking. Obviously it's incredibly expensive to build
structured parking. If you do non-structured parking, that limits your land.
The questions I think would be really helpful to tell us—I know you've heard
this a little bit—what percentage across your portfolio.           If there are
different—obviously senior housing is different. Provide us that data. If we
approve a project that would be under-parked under our traditional
standards, we can then say, "Look, you've been in business X number of
years. We have this data. This is what we're actually seeing over a long
period of time," and parse out the data that senior housing is different or
multifamily may be different from ownership housing. I know you manage
some of the ownership housing. Maybe it's not; maybe it's the exact same.
I think getting really good data from you guys as to what you found with
parking and traffic. If people obviously don't own cars and they're not
parking them, I would assume there's less traffic there. If you have traffic
information, that's obviously helpful as well. I think getting good data. I
was interested to hear that you basically said that 100 percent of the people
that are coming into your units are either working in Palo Alto or currently

                                                                        Page 30 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
