                          TRANSCRIPT
leads Palo Alto to prevent affordable housing. Just a day after I spoke last
week, the website Trulia produced a report. The report was called Winners
and Losers from America's Legendary Taxpayer Revolt. This talked about
the effects of Prop 13 almost 40 years later. It talked about overall effects.
$12.5 billion go to subsidies for homeowners each year through Prop 13. It
also looked at a city-by-city basis. They looked at all cities in California with
a median effective property tax rate. Palo Alto was last. At 0.42 percent,
Palo Alto pays less taxes effectively than any other city in California. I find
that pretty surprising.      It's certainly an incredible statistic.    I find it
surprising because I feel it's a progressive value to support government
programs and support taxes that support these government programs. I
find it surprising because Palo Alto draws great value for its land and its
homeowners from its placement in the region with its other communities.
Yet, it depends upon the other communities to pay for its programs. The
schools are paid by Sacramento instead of local taxes. Even my income
taxes go to pay for Palo Alto schools. I find that surprising. I just have to
feel that Palo Alto in general has a general feeling of fairness and knows in
its best interests it would thrive by having a more fair system than the unfair
system of Prop 13 we have now. To go back to the effects on affordable
housing in the Bay Area, I just want to draw on the fact that it is not a minor
issue. Friends of mine also Stanford graduates have been forced out to the
East Bay. You may have heard of the Oakland warehouse fire that happened
this Friday. Good friends of mine lost good friends of theirs in the warehouse
fire. No one wants to live in slum lord run places. No one wants to live in
places that aren't up to Code, but people do it when places like Palo Alto are
forced by systems like Prop 13 not to make affordable housing. I think it's
about time Palo Alto takes it seriously and supports reforming these
systems. A repeal of Prop 13 would really be good for fairness in the
community. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Larkin Lapides.

Larkin Lapides: Good evening. I'm Lark, and I'm going on 10 years as a
Palo Alto animal services volunteer. I have seen firsthand the dedication
and commitment of the Palo Alto Animal Services (PAAS) Staff, both to the
animals who come to them and to the folks who come to adopt, to bring in
an animal in need of care or shelter or sadly to relinquish an animal, often a
sick or older animal, that they can no longer care for. All are taken in. Palo
Alto should be proud of these folks and their service. Give them and their
supporters a chance to create a plan that allows Palo Alto Animal Services to
remain Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.


                                                                          Page 13 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
