                          TRANSCRIPT
enforcement take place. That's Number 1. Number 2, it's very clear that
some of the data is not sufficiently granular or accurate enough to give a
clear picture of the effect of proposed changes to Bryant Street parking that
may have on the RPP Program. The third is that resident leaders who have
become truly expert at analyzing the RPP zoned parking data will need
several weeks to accurately collect and analyze the data to bring it before
the City Council, so the implications of these suggested changes on RPP
Phase 2 will be understood. Fourth, I couldn't find anything in the Report,
any comments, to reflect the very real possibility that removing additional
parking from Bryant Street and adding additional red zones at the cross
streets may actually make portions of Bryant Street within the RPP area less
safe by encouraging both cyclists and motorists to run stop signs with even
greater frequency than they do now, because they'll be able to see further
down the street. This needs to be addressed in the Plan. In fact, it seemed
that a major component of the Bicycle Boulevard Concept Plan that's
currently completely missing is that there should be funding for more
aggressive traffic enforcement of the existing stop signs in the Downtown
area for the increased safety of both the cyclists and the motorists alike. Let
me say at the outset that I've been an avid cyclist for most of my life and a
supporter of cycling and bicycle safety since long before we moved to our
house on the 900 block of Bryant Street some 40 years ago. In fact, when
we renovated our house, we actually found a way to add a small bicycle
storage closet to it, not to mention the fact that for a time I was the
manager of the bicycle outfitter in Los Altos to which I rode daily. I think
there's a lot of work to be done on this before it accurately reflects the
impact that it could have on RPP and on safe cycling as a whole. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Richard Brand. We have one late speaker card,
Neilson Buchanan. You'll be allowed to speak.

Richard Brand, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 3: Good evening,
Council Members. Richard Brand, 281 and emeritus member of the RPP
stakeholders group. I appreciate this. I want you to move on to other
things and support the Agenda tonight. Just to say, though, I oppose this
plan. First of all, when I came in last week to get my—I had a meeting here
on fiber to the home. It's absurd how big this is, and it was on the Consent
Calendar. I'm sure you all read it, right? You read every page of it. In fact,
this is bigger than the telephone book. As Michael said, this is definitely not
ready for prime time. It's Citywide. It's an important element. I'm a
bicyclist too, as I know the Mayor is. We see each other out on the road.
This needs work. What I'd really like to see is the Planning Department
coordinate this type of activity, which started under Jaime Rodriguez, with
the RPP. Unfortunately, we don't have a stakeholders group any more. I've
stood before you and said that's a mistake. I think that this could be worked
                                                                         Page 13 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
