                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: That was the plan. That's sort of how I phrased, that
Staff will return on all of these. I didn't mean Council would necessarily do
them.

Mayor Burt: Also, Staff would return on the feasibility of them being able to
accomplish it before then.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Fair enough.

Mr. Keene: Not to complicate it, in one sense even if you're talking about
how could these things happen before the Comp Plan, you would also expect
that all of these things have a relevance and a connection to the Comp Plan
and incorporation in the Comp Plan. It may be a pilot that ultimately you
want the Comp Plan to more expansively talk about the scale or scope. This
is going to happen, even if we can do it, in isolation of the Comp Plan.
You're asking us to think about a pilot, for example, which would be different
than just putting a policy together for the Comp Plan.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The Comp Plan may take a while. I'd like to see these
things happen before the Comp Plan.

Mr. Keene: I think if these are directions for us, that'd be good. We can go
back and start to figure out the scale and the scope of what's really involved
here.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yeah, Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A procedural question. If "A" is to just return for
information, fine. "C," fine. The other two and implementing "A," "B," "D,"
would have to have the environmental analysis that would go concurrent
with the Comprehensive Plan. I don't know how we could move ahead with
those unless "B" was like a very small pilot program.

Mayor Burt: Let's ask that question, see if Staff has any guidance on what
environmental analysis might be required.

Council Member Wolbach: Before we get into the discussion, do we want to
get a second out here? I haven't seconded it yet.

Mayor Burt: Let's do that. We're going to—let me ask procedurally. Since
we're going to break these up into separate considerations, do they each
have to be individually seconded then? How do we do that?


                                                                       Page 98 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
