                          TRANSCRIPT
compared to most other cities to day—is what all cities and nations must do
if we're going to cap the increase in global temperature at the 1 ½-2
degrees Celsius range. It is nothing more than our fair share. It's not doing
beyond what our obligation is. This can have a great impact. As some of
the speakers have mentioned, communities that lead the way do just that.
We see that other communities see by our example and by our models what
can be done, and they embrace it as a result. There's a tremendous amount
of leveraged impact that our actions have on other communities. When we
leave Palo Alto and this area, we actually hear that. It is very significant.
I'll just say one final thing. In 2009, we had the Conference of the Parties
(COP) 15 conference in Copenhagen, which was at the time a great hope
that the outcome of that would be the significant international treaty that
would lead us on a path toward climate protection. At the eleventh hour, it
blew up. A year later at COP 16, there was a lot of discouragement at best,
that we would not have another opportunity for a real international treaty for
another 5 or 10 years, and that the only hope was for corporations and local
and regional governments to take leadership in driving forward these
changes. In Paris in December, that initiative was recognized by the United
Nations (UN) as a principal driving force on why we had the most significant
environmental treaty in human history adopted this last December. That
treaty is an agreement on what must be done. Now we have to do the
actions to actually carry it out. I think that this is not more than our
obligation; it is our obligation to our community and to our future
generations. I encourage my Colleagues to support this. Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. I was responding earlier to a process
question, so I appreciate the opportunity to comment here briefly. I am
sensitive to the next item. I do want to say I agreed a lot with what Council
Member Filseth said. I wholeheartedly support the Motion. Appreciate you
making it. I think the 80/30, having a big, hairy goal, I agree with that
concept. I think you've heard a lot of support for that. For me in the
Motion, though, Item D is really the clincher. I think during a conversation
you heard maybe several principles that we might want to add to the next
draft. Kind of the four that I heard, one is maybe an update on the
complete greenhouse gas accounting principle that already have, to include
the impacts of new construction, the benefits of reuse, retrofitting. The
second principle, I actually agreed with Council Member Wolbach's
comments about making it explicit that we want to minimize the use of
offsets and even bring in the idea of applying offset money locally. I know
it's kind of in the plan, but I would almost elevate to a principle. The third
one is not really in there directly. I think it would benefit from being explicit,
which is kind of a process principle of organizing alignment within the City
and the City departments so that department goals and incentives are
                                                                           Page 55 of 93
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/18/16
