                          TRANSCRIPT
before us in a Motion, that would help expedite the discussion.           Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Hearing what the City Manager just said, I'd kind
of like to flip around the way you positioned it, which would be to say what if
we approve the goal with a request that an updated draft came back with,
say, the first five year plan. At that point, we would review the principles,
criteria and strategies. Not even necessarily adopting all of those tonight,
but maybe agreeing to the 80 by '30 and then having the first five year plan
come back in more detail. At that point, we'd have time to maybe talk more
about principles and criteria.

Mayor Burt: I certainly think that we'll need to come back to talk about the
specific programs and implementation aspects of it. When we look at the
page and a half of the Guiding Principles, design principles and design
criteria, they don't look very contentious to me. If ...

Council Member DuBois: I'm concerned that they encompass a lot and that
there may be more there. That's my take. I'd love to hear what other
people think.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think, Tom, you're on the right track. I think that
if we were to agree on our 80 percent by 2030, I think the rest of this falls
into place far better than we might think. If we make that our specific goal
and we commit to that as a Council, but then do as we have said, come back
with more specificity about what we can actually attain and win so that we
have benchmarks along the way, I think that's what I could go with tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I guess I have a question for Staff. You might
have covered it in here already. When were you planning on coming back
with the more fleshed-out five year plan? What's the timeline for that? Is
there a timeline for that?

Mr. Friend: No, that's to be determined. We're going to have to regroup
after this conversation with you and determine what that's going to take and
also see where on your calendar we can fit it.

Council Member Berman: Kind of ball-parking, how long do you envision
that? Is this a year-long process? Is this a three month process?

Council Member Holman: You'll still be on the Council.

                                                                         Page 45 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
