                          TRANSCRIPT
was the host for a drive across town that featured displays and practice and
allowing people to drive the different electric vehicles. The City can do that
without spending a lot of money and encourage people to make those
decisions. The other thing quickly is fuel switching is another big item. It's
not going to be easy, because it's really hard for people to do that under
current circumstances. One of the things that I am glad that Gil mentioned
that Boulder has a program where on-bill financing can take care of that.
Bruce Hodge has proposed something like that, where actually it would be a
low-interest loan. People could end up paying the loan off instead of paying
their utility bill and actually have a reduction in what they pay. I don't know
whether that can be done or not, but he seemed to think it could be. It's
the kind of thing that I'd like to see you look into as soon as possible.
Otherwise, like Adam Stern who is the Executive Director of Acterra, when
we were talking yesterday at one of the tables, he said, "My water heater
went out, and I couldn't get anyone who could put in a heat pump, so I just
went in and put in a regular gas heater." I also want to say I think that the
pilot plan that the Utilities had put forward is a really good start. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Adina Levin to be followed by Rita Vrhel.
Welcome.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members. Adina Levin, Friends of
Caltrain. Thank you very much for an informative and inspiring Climate
Summit, I think it was yesterday. A couple of thoughts with Professor Heck
and the Climate Summit and the Climate Action Plan. First of all, glad to
hear parking and the price of parking being talked about as really a secret
sauce. One of the ideas is to have prices of carbon baked in. Parking
pricing is actually one of the economic levers that's really powerful,
particularly in cities where the existing development is a large fraction of
anything new. Having parking revenues drive transportation alternatives is
a really powerful tool. I'm looking forward to that coming up tactically in the
coming months as something that the City might be able to do in the short
term. Secondly, in terms of the idea of having combo transit passes, Friends
of Caltrain is working with the Transportation Management Association
(TMA) and a group of Stanford students on assessing opportunities for
transit pass discount pilot programs for low-income workers who have
challenges with the cost of alternatives. It's really crazy that one of the
things that we need to do is figure out how many Caltrain passes,
Dumbarton passes, Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) passes and
SamTrans passes to do. With the City and with the TMA and this as an
emerging trend in the region, hopefully we can use that leverage to push on
the region and the Clipper contract, which is going out, to be able to say we
want this stuff all put together. Lastly, while the trends in electric vehicles
are really encouraging, there's a long line here that's about in-commuting.
                                                                         Page 63 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
