                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Can we have them comment?

Mayor Burt: Yes. If we have the project sponsor here, you're welcome to
answer that question.

Zach Rubin, Komuna Palo Alto LLC: Good evening. Good to see you all
again. I'm Zach Rubin. We've met several times. I don't know, Karen, if
you remember. We came before this Council sometime back. At that point,
it was approved, the contract that we have on these buildings, on these
sites, to develop solar for 25 years. I just wanted to address Greg's
comment.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry.

Mr. Rubin: Go ahead.

Mayor Burt: The way our procedures work right now is ...

Mr. Rubin: Fill out the comment.

Council Member Holman: Respond to the question.

Mayor Burt: ...we're inviting you to answer a specific question.

Mr. Rubin: Understood. Sal, this is structural. Can you address that?

Mayor Burt: I think the question is not so much structural. It's whether the
financial impact of reducing the number of panels to create a setback from
the edge of the building.

Council Member Holman: Financial but also solar output.

Mr. Rubin: Solar what?

Council Member Holman: Solar output.

Mr. Rubin: It's significant impact. I guess referencing the contract I spoke
of earlier is important because, if you remember, it was a contentious
negotiation and it was important to return that yield that was necessary in
order to move forward with this project. Every panel that we modeled for
this site was significant. If we lose one of those panels, it makes a big
impact to my economics. The delay in this has made a tremendous impact.
Going through Architectural Review Board (ARB), minor ARB, has made a
tremendous impact. We signed this contract over a year ago. The RFP
came out over 2 1/2 years ago. In good faith, I expected these buildings to
be prepared for solar, and that's just not the case. We've been fortunate
                                                                         Page 44 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
