                          TRANSCRIPT
Hall or some other garage, I think that will be a huge benefit in itself. I just
want to make one last comment about the parking study. I am concerned
about increasing parking costs, and I'm kind of getting the impression that's
the direction we're going, particularly if Town and Country and Stanford Mall
still have free parking. I think we originally had more paid parking. A lot of
the retailers Downtown felt like they were at a disadvantage. I want to keep
them in mind as we think about changing parking Downtown. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a couple of quick comments. First, thanks for
all the work you've been doing, for the presentation, for the ideas that
you've brought to us. I would be a big fan of the APGS. It's an investment,
but I think it's really worthwhile in getting people to use the garage spaces,
which they're not doing now. A key question might be who pays and why. I
think clearly the Downtown Parking Assessment District is responsible. The
critical starting report for the Downtown parking was a 1986 Downtown
study. It started out with the words that between 1957 and 1984, the City
relied upon the Downtown Parking Assessment District to supply parking in
support of Downtown development. They did not—the Assessment District
parking spaces did not keep up with growth. From that time, they got 9,146
parking exemptions, which they're still using. They didn't fulfill their original
needs. The Downtown monitoring reports, which come out each year and
are supposed to monitor the overflow, clearly now have understated by a
factor of 2-3 the parking deficit. I think it's time clearly to say to the
Parking Assessment District no new dollars, no continuing exemptions.

Mayor Burt: A couple of my questions have to do with the returns we'll get
on this investment. Do we have any rough estimates either from our own
calculations or what other cities have found as the greater rate of utilization
of parking spaces as a result of these different measures?

Ms. Sullivan: Regarding greater utilization, we do know that the single
space option is superior to other options as far as utilization. The facility
level or the floor-by-floor level options sometimes do not fill up spaces as
efficiently during the peak hour. We can get you some specific statistics, if
you're interested. I don't have any sort of...

Mayor Burt: I'm very interested, and I actually think that that should be
pretty fundamental to our decision-making. I don't know what the current
figure is of 60,000—did you have something?

Ms. Atkinson: In terms of the level count, the one that just tells you there
are X spaces on Level 2, that gets the garage to about 90-95 percent
occupied, so there are still spaces that are available. Whereas, the single
                                                                          Page 65 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
