                          TRANSCRIPT
those neighborhoods that are further away. The idea about coming back to
Council sooner, again, is to see how we're doing, how our TMA is doing, see
if we're on course. This is a pilot for this year. There would be no reduction
for 12 months. We have quite a bit of data; we collected a lot of data in
Phase 1, and we'll get even more data as we go along. I just think this is a
prudent way to move forward. Again, I think one of the more important
things here is that we need to put some teeth into our TMA. By spelling out
that there's going to be a reduction over time, even if that's 10 years, it's
giving the community 10-year notice that we need to get started. I actually
think it would be less responsible to do Phase Two and then 12 months from
now say we're going to do a reduction with much less notice. I think we're
giving as much notice as possible. We're really encouraging the business
community to help fund the TMA. It's a nonprofit funded by business. I
think Adina Levin said that we may need to take measures to ensure that it's
funded. I hope this community will get involved now and help fund it.
Again, I think Mountain View's going through this process right now. They
actually published a very useful comparison of parking programs in a bunch
of cities around us. Most cities have resident-only parking permit. They do
it when the intrusion level reaches about 70 percent, 50-70 percent. We are
well beyond that, so I don't think we're doing anything out of bounds or out
of the ordinary. I'd like to see us move forward with this as fast as we can.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member Kniss, did you have ...

Council Member Kniss: Several questions. I'm on the Packet Page 17. I
want to go over some of these things. I don't think we need to put them in,
because they're in already. One of the areas that I want to talk about is—
Hillary, you spoke about an adjustment. Where did the word adjustment
come in? Is it under Section Two?

Ms. Gitelman: The word adjustment that I was referring to is in the existing
Resolution.

Council Member Kniss: Can you tell me where? I'm on Section Two, I'm on
"C," duration. What I'm seeing here is the second phase shall commence on
April 1 and last for at least 12 months. Is what you're speaking to there,
Tom, six months? Is that your intent?

Council Member DuBois: No.

Council Member Kniss: You want to review ...

Council Member DuBois: We'll have a check-in during the 12 months.

Council Member Kniss: You want a check-in, right?
                                                                        Page 49 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
