                          TRANSCRIPT
not they're really significant. I could see that being significant on the street,
driving around town. It reduces congestion, which is obviously a huge
concern in Palo Alto and something we really want to address. I mean, from
soup to nuts, I'm a big fan of the plan and of doing that, the most
comprehensive scheme. I'm happy to hear Jim say that no, we don't have
the funding identified right now, but we can get creative so that the funding
won't stop the progress of implementing it, assuming that my colleagues feel
the way I do. Annual maintenance cost, forgive me if that was mentioned
somewhere in here. Are those major or is it pretty minimal?

Ms. Sullivan: Typically what happens is the vendor who ultimately installs
and commissions all the equipment has a warranty on it.

Council Member Berman: That's right; I saw that.

Ms. Sullivan: The costs are typically pretty minimal. There is a hosting fee,
because ultimately this is their software that's going to give us the interface
where we would actually have "look, that light's broken" or whatever. Those
are things, I think, we need to flesh out a little bit more as we move into the
real sort of specification and design. Typically the equipment is covered by a
warranty.

Council Member Berman: A couple of questions just on the signage. Color
scheme, you guys don't want an answer from us on that tonight, do you?
You do. I'm going to let one of my colleagues take that. Questions that I
had were—one was—a resident had kind of written in about this. He took it
maybe a little further than I would have. In terms of the signs on the
street—I didn't drive around and look at what our current signs really look
like. They seem like the "P" is pretty high. Is that normal in terms of line of
vision for a driver or is that a little higher than other folks have their
signage? Like the ones outside the surface lots, it seems like the "P" is
super high up there.

Ms. Atkinson: That's something that our consultant will evaluate, and they'll
also recommend as part of the construction package how high to mount
them. I agree they are—for line of sight, they are kind of high.

Ms. Sullivan: They're actually not typically mounted on traffic arms the way
we have them mounted. We have some sort of unconventional things going
on.

Council Member Berman: In terms of just the—but that will be fleshed out
in the implementation?

Ms. Sullivan: Yes.
                                                                          Page 58 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
