                          TRANSCRIPT
      (Addendum No. 1) to the First Amended and Restated Contract
      Number C059999 Between the Cities of Palo Alto and Mountain View
      for Recycled Water Supplies.

Mayor Burt: Now we go to Item 11A, formerly Item Number Eight which is—
let me get the way that we have it agendized. Staff recommends that the
Council approve an Amendment, Addendum Number One, which is
Attachment A to the Report, to the Recycled Water Supply Agreement
between the Cities of Palo Alto and Mountain View. We have a supplemental
Packet that was provided At Places which is for information only. It covers
the various—an overview of the initiatives currently being considered and
pursued for alternative water supplies regionally and in Palo Alto. Welcome.
Mr. Bobel, would you like to kick it off?

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Public Works: Thank you, Mayor. Phil
Bobel, Public Works. I've got with me Karin North and Jamie Allen, also of
our Public Works group. If there's questions for Utilities, their involvement,
Karla Dailey from the Utilities Department is here. There she is. We're
going to move through this briskly. We do have a brief presentation for you.
The first slide talks about the Action Item that's actually before you which is
an amendment, an addendum to our Recycled Water Agreement with
Mountain View. That's the thing you're actually asked to act on tonight. The
rest of our slides are all going to deal with background information on our
recycled water program and initiatives that are underway that you're going
to see in the coming weeks. Since this is the first in a series of Action Items
that we're going to have on recycled water, it seemed to make sense to give
you this now. Most of the other items will actually be on the Consent
Calendar, unless you direct us otherwise. We'll gauge your interest tonight.
That's our plan, for tonight to be the prelude for you all on recycled water
and related water reuse efforts that we're all doing. A number of these
items would follow on Consent. First, what are we up to tonight? We have a
Basic Agreement with the City of Mountain View for the Sewage Treatment
Plant. Often in the past, we've referred to this as our Basic Agreement.
There's three cities involved, Mountain View, Palo Alto, and Los Altos. We
call that our Basic Agreement. Then we have other partners, smaller
partners, with separate agreements. Tonight though, we're not dealing with
that Basic Agreement. We're dealing with a specialized agreement that we
have with Mountain View on recycled water.           That originated because
Mountain View is really our largest user and the only other user currently of
recycled water other than Palo Alto. When we built the pipeline to Mountain
View, we needed to have an agreement as to who pays for what and how
does this whole thing work. We've got this underlying agreement with
Mountain View on recycled water. Tonight we're proposing to amend that.
Mountain View requested an amendment. It principally has to do with the
                                                                        Page 54 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
