                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Ehikian: I want to get the thing done.     I've got a lot invested in this
thing, a lot of time, a lot of money.

Mr. Hayes: There's 5,350 square feet on the ground floor of what we're
calling office.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Hayes, can you get closer to the mic?

Mr. Hayes: There's 5,300 and something square feet, 50 square feet on the
ground floor. If there would be a way to configure it so that we could have
some office and some retail and maybe it's split in a way that Brad—maybe
that whole corner becomes some kind of a retail piece.

Mayor Burt: I don't think it's appropriate for us to do horse trading here,
but we can ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wasn't horse trading. I was just asking.

Mayor Burt: We can in our comments give some indication as to other
things that would be desirable when this returns.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was going to say I don't think you can get this project,
the way you have it done, approved. I don't think necessarily that what
you've been given here to do will be helpful to you. I think when you come
back—if I was going to come back, and you come back with a similar project
or a project that's redesigned, I don't think you're going to get approved
frankly. That's just a personal observation frankly. I think you need to
come back with a whole new project that basically has more residential and
...

Mr. Ehikian: There's got to be some communication between the ARB and
...

Mayor Burt: Let's—we'll have a comment, but ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm just making a comment. I don't expect you to
respond to that. In fact, don't feel bad. I'm not being rude, but you can
just sit down because I've asked my questions. I want to continue. I feel
bad for you in that way, in that I don't quite see how we get from what's
been talked about here to a realistic project that you can come before us
and get approved in this Motion. For me, it's going to require at a minimum
ground-floor retail. Otherwise, I won't support it. It's going to require
probably more residential. I would prefer the three over the two frankly, the
smaller ones. I understand there's some challenges with that. I would
prefer to see it all retail on the ground floor and residential above. I think

                                                                        Page 52 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
