                         TRANSCRIPT
question. What is the sphere of influence beyond just Palo Alto? It looked
like it was Stanford. Is there anything else in there?

Mr. Dennis: It's actually only a part of the Stanford campus. There's not
much else.

Council Member Filseth: It's part of the Stanford campus, so it doesn't
include like Menlo Park or anything like that? Thanks. (inaudible) tax base
there.

Mayor Burt: Let me just go back to—in part respond to some things that
colleagues have brought up. We have both the Sustainability and Climate
Action Summit coming up this Sunday. We hope we're going to have a very
broad community participation. Because sustainability is this overlying
aspect to what you're considering, what's discussed at the Summit will have
a big influence on where we head within the Comp. Plan. This goes to how
do we integrate some of the things going forward. The Council will be taking
up the S/CAP subsequent to the Summit as a separate Item from our
consideration of the Comp. Plan, but we're going to be very cognizant that
the two things have a great deal to do with one another. We'll be struggling
with how to address that. In the same vein, we had—Council Member
DuBois and others spoke about traffic and even the traffic methodology.
We're going to have the following Saturday our City Council Retreat.
Because we largely anticipate that we'll be carrying over our priorities that
we set last year with this same Council, we'll be able to discuss some other
things including, I believe, prospective Study Sessions that we'll be having,
Study Sessions or a Committee as a Whole, where we might have Actions on
some of these higher-level topics that are not reactionary to a given
proposal or project or whatever. The Council will likely be agendizing certain
of these topics, and a number of those are likely to have a relationship to
what you're considering. That's part of what we as a Council will be thinking
about. We wanted to make sure that you were aware of that potential. I
also wanted to add just on the transportation aspect, we have what the EIR
will address, which is prescribed largely by legal requirements of what an
EIR does. The Comp. Plan EIR is much more broad than a project EIR. We
have some discretion as to how we would go about it. The EIR establishes
baseline conditions. I'm not sure that the community wants to be limited by
the present traffic conditions as the baseline. One question would be what
we should look at in terms of the—what would constitute the quality of
traffic and transportation in our community that we would want to set
forward as our objectives in the Comp. Plan. I added the transportation
because not only reduction in congestion may be a goal, but also what's
already referenced in the current Comp. Plan but maybe is not emphasized
enough, which is expansion of transportation options for residents. I know
                                                                            Page 55 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
