                         TRANSCRIPT
employee. We really need these people to run the restaurants in Downtown.
We're trying to have that income (inaudible) the community and have the
best impact. We're also trying to advise our employees about other sources
of how to come to work, public transportation or pooling, also the train, but
it will take time. Just for that matter, just to take the reconsideration of
removing these permits for the employees. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Alma Villalobos, to be
followed by Arufo [phonetic] Hernandez.

Alma Villalobos: Hi, good afternoon. My name is Alma; I do work for
restaurants from Scratch as well with Eric, Belinda and Rob Fischer. I am
one of the managers here at Reposado. I'm here to ask please not to
remove the employee discount parking. We do have many employees that
come to work here from different areas. They cannot afford living here,
close from work. That's it. Thank you for your attention.

Council Member Schmid:     Thank you.   Arufo Hernandez to be followed by
Barry Hart.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Schmid:       Thank you.     Barry Hart, to be followed by
Christian (crosstalk).

Barry Hart: Good afternoon. I'm a resident of Crescent Park. I am opposed
to expansion of the permit process. I think the root of the problem is really
our laundromats, our restaurants, toy stores, kitchen stores have all become
offices. As we pack all these office workers into our former retail spots,
these people now want to become stakeholders when they're cannibalizing
our Downtown. I'm for low-wage restaurant and retail workers having a
place to park, but every time a new office opens and they pack shoulder to
shoulder all these workers, it's impossible to keep up with that demand. I
offer that expanding the program is not a solution. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Please. Next speaker Christian
Carselena [phonetic], to be followed by Nathan Hanley. Christian? Not
here. Nathan Hanley to be followed by Canyon [phonetic] Crosby. Nathan.

Nathan Hanley: Thank you. I know this is a contentious issue. Kudos to
the Staff and Council for working through a difficult challenge. I work at
Watercourse Way in Palo Alto. We've been in business for over 30 years in
Downtown. I have a colleague at Watercourse Way, Carla, who is an
excellent massage therapist. She has helped thousands of people over the
years. She's also a wonderful person. She treats others with respect,
                                                                       Page 17 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/23/16
