                         TRANSCRIPT
volume and consider using those in the garages instead of on the streets.
When we initially roll this out, we would sell zero employee decals outside of
the Phase 1, but we could evaluate increasing that number. The idea there
is rather than start with the max number, we would set up the program and
then we would gradually increase it to see what the impacts are. That was a
Motion.

Male: (inaudible).

Council Member DuBois: Was it understandable?

Ms. Gitelman: If we could interject for a moment. We've been talking
amongst ourselves about whether it would be possible for the Council to
proceed with the aspects that you indicated that aren't reflected in the
current document, the ratcheting down of employee permits over time and
the limitations on daily permits. With regard to the first one, I think our
feeling is that we could proceed to adopt the ordinance, the administrative
regulations and the contracts, but we would really prefer to not go forward
with the resolution tonight, but to make some modifications to include the
ratcheting down of employee permits and to give us an opportunity to think
about how we might limit the number of daily employee permits. We
haven't even thought of what that might look like or what a limit might be.
We could bring the resolution back when the ordinance comes back to you
on second reading and have another discussion.

Council Member DuBois: My thought was to not slow things down by
moving ahead with the contracts and the sign installation, and then come
back with that discussion. Again, one of the ideas, what if we did move
those into garages where the daily spots were not on the streets.

Ms. Gitelman: We're going to have to give that some more thought. This
has been a street parking program, not a garage parking program. To
conflate the two, we might get into some complexities that we're just not
prepared to talk about this evening. This is not quite what you put in motion
as a Motion, but if we could have—I think we would welcome the Council's
direction to revise the resolution considering the issues that you've raised.
If you're willing to consider adoption of the ordinance, the guidelines and the
contracts this evening, as you say we could move forward with the
contractors and try and stick to this schedule we have in Motion.

Council Member DuBois: I don't even know if I have a second.

Council Member Kniss: I need to ask ...

Council Member Wolbach: I seconded it.
                                                                       Page 106 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
