                          TRANSCRIPT
up by permit parkers at one point in time. That leaves 85 percent for
residents and for two-hour parkers. Two-hour parkers are clustering closer
to the Downtown core as you would imagine. There's different availability
and occupancy by zone.

Council Member Kniss: Let's say we were to simply include this blue area in
the RPP tonight. What's to keep us now from going further into Crescent
Park or crossing Embarcadero? Where does it stop?

Ms. Gitelman: I think our proposal is that this is it, the Downtown District.
You would be ...

Council Member Kniss: I think we thought the first time that was it. We did.
I mean, the first time we did it, we said that's it. I really did not guess that
we were going to ... I guess I'll come to the comment about being adjacent
and whether or not the Vehicle Code is correct. Somehow common sense
says this is getting pretty far. I'm a very good walker. It would not bother
me to walk from wherever. I could walk from where I live on Cowper
Downtown and do all the time. I somehow think people anticipate they're
only going to walk about a half mile or a quarter of a mile to get to work.
Am I right? This goes out a fair amount further than that. I'll be interested
in what some of the rest of you say, but it sounds to me as though we are
expanding without having fully utilized the RPP area to that extent so far.

Ms. Gitelman: Just to clarify. The eligibility area boundary we discussed in
December, it was drawn based on that kind of half-mile criteria, of a
reasonable walking distance being about a half a mile. That's how that
boundary was developed.         Our proposal to you as evidenced in the
resolution is to adopt this as the Downtown RPP boundary. This is as big as
it would get. If anybody wants RPP Programs outside this area, they would
be new programs with a different resolution and potentially a different set of
rules.

Council Member Kniss: Done for now.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll go (inaudible). To pick up on some of the
things that have already been said tonight. I think that Council Member
Filseth was right when he said he doesn't own the street in front of his
house, but we still have an expectation that we can enjoy use of the street
in front of our house when we live in a residential neighborhood. The
gentleman who spoke earlier about feeling punished, this is the challenge.
Do we want to have a medicine that's worse than the disease? The whole
point of RPP, Residential Permit Parking, is to protect the residents. It's not
                                                                         Page 99 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
