                          TRANSCRIPT
would guess, four, five, six, seven, eight different plans for the whole site of
how we could move around the different properties and try to get both for
the owner and the City, if we could squeeze in the four lots under the Zoning
Ordinance. We worked with the Staff, and we did a number of programs
and sketches and all kinds of options. What you see here was the one that
the Staff unanimously—I don't know that that's the right word. They're the
ones who said this is the one that works best for us. That's why we have
the shapes of these properties as they are today. It was not something that
just happened over night. This was a 5 to 6-month period that went, I
think, even before the Planning Commission for this final approval. I'm not
sure what else to say, other than that's why these homes are designed the
way they are. If' I'd known you would ask, I could have brought a whole
bunch of these sketches for you to see. We tried long, narrow ones, which
the City wasn't happy with.        We're trying to comply with the Zoning
Ordinance as well. We went from homes that were—we even talked about
doing a one-story home here and there, but the folks we worked with
encouraged us to do the plans that you see here. This was a group effort.
It was not something that just happened over night. It went through the
Individual Review program as well with Arnold Mammarella giving his
thoughts on it, Staff, various different Staff people. There was a lot of work
put in on this project with a lot of input from the various departments as
well as the Planning Department. We even reviewed it with the Fire
Department and Utilities and all the different companies. It was a group
effort. That's what I'm trying to say. It was not—I have a pile of sketches
and options that we talked about. This is what worked out with working with
everybody in the Staff. Do you want to say anything? This is Greg Xiong;
he's the owner of the project.

Greg Xiong, Owner: Thank you, Council Member. I just want to say one
clarification to Council Member Schmid. The neighboring lots on North
California, most if not all of those lots on the same side or even on both
sides of the street, the lot size are actually averaging 8,000 to 9,000 except
for the one immediately adjacent to this property on 920, which somehow it
was just a weird, nonconforming, tiny teeny lot. Otherwise, the rest of the
lots, you can see on a map they are 25,000, 20,000. Most of them are in
the 8,000 to 9,000 square feet, the lot size. Not really the teeniest one.
Also, as Roger has said, the project actually started from 3 years ago. We
had tried all sorts of the other variations to bring conformity to the Zoning
Code, trying to not to violate anything. Anything else we tried, there may
be a violating, maybe two, three, four other exceptions. The current
proposal is the only one that works, but it does violate exceeding the lot
size. That's a little bit of the background. Thank you.


                                                                          Page 22 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/14/16
