                         TRANSCRIPT
worked with me to achieve the things that I've been able to do. I also have
two Staff members who worked with me to implement our storm drain
program, Rajeev Hada and Shari Carlet, who formed part of my team. Also
I wanted to say that Michel Jeremias is here. You'll be seeing more of her as
she's been selected to be my successor. She's been working here in the City
for several years, and I'm sure you'll enjoy working with her in the future.
Really I wanted to echo what Joe said about the quality of the Staff. I'm
sure all of you know this, but I think it's worth saying. We really do have a
great Staff here that's very engaged and dedicated and hardworking. I have
to say maybe of all the groups that probably Public Works is a little bit on
the high side of that spectrum. Everybody is a great team, but especially
Public Works. Go team. Again, I hope I've made a difference working here
all these years. I thank you for the opportunity to serve. I will say that
although I won't be working here after the end of the month; I'll still be
around. One of the things I really love to do is volunteer. One of the first
things I plan to do is to come back and work as a volunteer member of the
campaign committee to pass the storm drain ballot measure, because I've a
very vested interest in the success of that particular item. I will be back to
ensure that we get the support of our community on that. I'm also very
interested in history, so I think I'm going to be doing some work
volunteering with the Palo Alto Historical Association (PAHA). I hope to see
you around. Again, thank you so much for everything.

Mayor Burt: Our next Resolution is for Jane Ratchye. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff read the Resolution for Jane Ratchye into the record. I
just wanted to say, Jane, I've really enjoyed working with you a lot on both
the Northern California Power Agency (NCPA) and the Utilities Advisory
Commission. You've really done a great job for the City of Palo Alto. Your
depth of knowledge of the intricacies of policy and all of that have really
been helpful and very worthwhile to the City. I've got to say after reading
all this, I'm not sure there's anything left for us to do. Congratulations and
thanks again for your service. I really have appreciated it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: To add just a few words. I bump into you quite a
bit in elevators and around town. I just have always appreciated not only
your expertise and your professionalism but also how accessible you are,
what a positive attitude you have and how accessible you are to people in
the community too. I know it's more than one person who's said to me,
"There was this Utilities person riding around on her bicycle and stopped to
see how my landscaping project was going." That's just real commitment
and very much appreciated.

                                                                          Page 6 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
