                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Star-Lack: Absolutely.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Ms. Star-Lack: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much for the presentation. I had
a fun trip down memory lane. I wasn't biking to school in 1956 when this
photo was taken but recall fondly my traffic guard at Newell and Dana when
I'd bike to Duveneck, and can remember one morning getting a ticket from
the Palo Alto Police. I can't remember if I wasn't wearing my helmet or I
went through a stop sign, one of those two things, on my way to Jordan. I
do recall that biking to school got less and less cool and a little more difficult
as I got older and I had to carry more stuff. It's awesome to see that—I
think, kind of when I was going to school was that it dipped in the number of
folks who were biking and walking and rolling to school. It's great to see the
great improvements that have been made since then. One question I had
was we got an email that referenced the kind of projects on Charleston-
Arastradero and also on Embarcadero that are trying to make our
community safer for more students to bike and walk and roll to school. Is
there an update? I don't know if that would be you guys or maybe
somebody else on City Staff that might have an update on those projects
and just making sure that we have the funding (crosstalk).

Ms. Atkinson: We don't have an update prepared tonight.            I believe that
there's a bike boulevards item next Monday.

Council Member Berman: Thank you to whoever on Council participated in
the rock and roll. I did that last year; I couldn't do it this year, but it was
awesome. High-fiving all the kids as they got to school in the morning was a
lot of fun. Thank you, guys, for all the work that you're doing.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I want to second everything that my fellow
member of the City School Liaison Committee, Chair DuBois, said. Great
points. I'll just second that, as well the comments by Council Member
Berman. I remember growing up in the Palo Verde neighborhood, which is
kind of one of the further corners from either high school. I went to Gunn;
some of my neighbors went to Paly. I graduated in '99, which was kind of
the nadir of biking to school based on your historical chart. I think I've seen
that before. It wasn't very cool to bike to school then. I'm glad to see how
much that's changed. I just want to say thank you to members of the
                                                                           Page 6 of 135
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/2/16
