                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I don't need to speak to it anymore.

Mayor Burt: I would just suggest that the language be more clear. It's not
just hair and nail. We're talking about hair and nail and spas and even
essentially different forms of gyms. Is that what we're meaning?

Council Member Holman:      That’s fine with me.    Hair and nail salons and
spas, gyms.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's on University Avenue.

Council Member Holman: On University Avenue, yes.

Mayor Burt: We'll let Staff come back with what similar is.       Can I speak
briefly to it? Are you done?

Council Member Holman: I'm done with it, so go ahead.

Mayor Burt: I just want to say that I fully agree that having some of the
historic barbershops there—it's a fine mix. We simply don't want to have it
proliferated and have a big portion of those areas become elite little gyms on
University or a bunch of spas. We're having more of those. I don't think
those add to the vitality at all. We want to protect that key street for having
things that are vital. Frankly, a barbershop has a high turnover rate
compared to a lot of these other uses that are in this same category. I think
we're looking for a right balance and just keeping a balance and not letting it
be overwhelmed by those kinds of uses.

Council Member Kniss: Can I speak to that?

Mayor Burt: You can stand in line to speak.

Council Member Kniss: To the Amendment.

Mayor Burt: It's an Amendment. You turned down accepting it. Now, I'll
clear the lights, and people can speak to the amendment. Council Member
Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: This is getting into apples and oranges. Hair and
nail salons, which I looked at carefully today, are unless the rent falls
precipitously, you're going to find that those are good hair salons, good nail
salons. I don't happen to be in favor of gyms and other personal service
uses such as a spa because there isn't much activity there. There's a lot of
activity on good hair salons and nail salons. I'm sorry if we get to the point
where we're limiting them. I would say look back to '09, '10. Is that what
was on University Avenue? Were there tons of nail salons? I don't
                                                                       Page 85 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
