                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Soroush Kaboli, to be followed by Michael
Morris.

Soroush Kaboli, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 12:               Good
evening. My name is Soroush Kaboli. I live at Barbara Drive. I've been a
resident of Palo Alto for over 25 years, and I've been working as a
commercial real estate broker for over 30 years in Midpeninsula. The
subject property is considered well within the public transit corridor. While
benefiting from said corridor, it unfortunately does not benefit from any of
the foot traffic that exists in Downtown. It currently has nine, off-street
parking stalls, and soon that number will increase to be 19. The world's
largest commercial real estate firm, CBRE, and I have been marketing this
property since June 1, 2015. I would like to correct the Staff's comment in
the discussion section of its report, in that this property has been marketed
without interruption and on a 24/7 basis since June 1, 2015 by utilizing the
customary methods in our industry such as electronic mailers to most
brokerage firms, email blasts to agents, and utilizing services such as
LoopNet and CoStar. Since then, we've had approximately 45 inquiries
about the subject property, most of which have been for office use. This
number has gone down with time as it has become clear to the brokerage
industry that the property can only be used for retail. While I am of the
opinion that other than no foot traffic, there are other major issues
associated with traffic safety, noise and other pollution issues associated
with a retail use at subject property. We've been open to all reasonable
offers and have worked diligently to procure a retail user for it. Our list
includes an offer from Sparkfactor Design, a product design development
consulting firm, within the first 10 days of our effort and another from
JumpstartMD, a weight loss and wellness company, before the end of last
year. Unfortunately, the first one went away once they were told that they
cannot use the property as a creative office environment, and Jumpstart
gave up once the City told them that they could not utilize the back portion
of the property. It is also worth mentioning that other large, national
destination retailers, such as Anthropologie and North Face, have chosen to
relocate to Stanford Shopping Mall from Alma. Also worth noting that in one
of the hottest real estate markets in recent history, properties such as 101
Lytton, the SurveyMonkey building, has had difficulty renting their ground-
floor retail space. After almost three years of marketing, still has 1,586
square feet available. In conclusion, I would like to recommend to you to
consider an exemption to the current moratorium for the subject property.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Michael Morris. Welcome.


                                                                      Page 10 of 116
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/20/16
