                          TRANSCRIPT
stories about cities, towns up and down the Peninsula and how many of
them are having discussions about these fees. Lots of them. Some cities
don't have any fees. They've never had any fees. They're just starting
discussions about let's have some fees. It's so shocking to me. When I was
in Cincinnati visiting cousins once, I discovered the entire City of Cincinnati
has no recycling. There's no program. It was so shocking to me. There are
cities on the Peninsula that have nothing. It makes me nervous when we
starting comparing Palo Alto to other cities on the Peninsula. Really? Menlo
Park, the city right next door to us, the city that just a few years ago was
sued because they hadn't done a Housing Element in 20 years and had not
built any affordable housing or not much in 20 years, so we're comparing
ourselves to Menlo Park. Mountain View that just about a month or maybe a
little more, I read in the paper new development just under 600 units of
housing or maybe a little over. Their inclusionary zoning was about 8
percent of below market rate housing. I don't want to be compared to those
cities. I want Palo Alto to look at Palo Alto and make decisions about Palo
Alto based on what we know about Palo Alto. We have a feasibility study.
It's called a feasibility study for a reason. What we know using our
independent judgment, what we elected you folks for, the residents of Palo
Alto, not developers who use Palo Alto as a cash cow or whatever, what we
are coming to you for, we want you to use your best judgment here. Other
cities are probably watching you. They're willing to perhaps learn something
from your decisions here. Maybe they'll raise their impact fees some in a
sensible way, not a crazy way, a sensible way. Don't be thinking that
everybody else has the answer. I think very often we have the answer. A
couple of other random thoughts. Please don't give private parties, in this
case developers, the ability to decide if they're going to build onsite
affordable housing or pay in-lieu fees. Keep that for yourself. I've read the
little Code section that has you—keep control of that. The City needs to
control whether it's going to be in-lieu or whether it's going to be onsite.
Keep control of that. Deed restriction 55 years, I don't know the answer.
Cannot that be renewed? You go 55 years if there's a tax credit, but can it
be renewed at the end of 55 years? That might be a nice question to ask
some of the smart City Council people. I hope that, if you've heard from
developers, you will stay the course. That's it. Thanks.

Public Hearing closed at 8:25 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       We'll now return to the Council for discussion.
Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: A few more questions. I think I want to get practical
for a minute. How many projects do you have that are waiting to be
approved, in the pipeline, right now?
                                                                         Page 59 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
