                          TRANSCRIPT
transportation. I like to support the various transportation and land use
recommendations and urge the City to adopt the aggressive goal. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jeb Eddy. Just to let everyone
know, because of the number of speakers on both this item and the next
item, we're running behind in the meeting. On the next item of the Single
Story Overlay, for people who are here we will be opening the hearing and
taking public testimony tonight even if we do not have time to act on the
item tonight. That's our plan. Jeb Eddy.

Jeb Eddy: Hi, I'm Jeb. I want to thank you guys for a very, very impressive
lot of work. Some of you may recognize this as Buckminster Fuller's model
of planet Earth. This is why we're here. I won't ask for a show of hands of
how many of us are parents and grandparents. This is a wonderful symbol
of why we're here. Three extremely important words from the United
Nations report recently are these: severe, pervasive and irreversible. I
have those three words on my refrigerator at home. I think they summarize
better than anything else I've heard what we need to do. They're a little on
the negative side; that's okay. We can have one hell of a good time working
together. I seem to be the only person wearing the hat of evangelist in chief
for electric bicycles. I would really like to have some other people wearing
the same hat. As a lot of you know, over on the Stanford Shopping Center
parking lot starting this Friday for three days is going to be one of the
world’s greatest electric bicycle expos. It's traveling around the country,
dozens of vendors, many of them from Europe. A great place to see what's
coming. I invite those of you, when it's budget time, to give Jim the
spending authority to buy a fleet of electric bicycles and start experiencing
how much fun they are. Several of you on this side of the room have had
the benefit of riding one of my electric vehicles. The first significant rider of
my e-bike was Steve Jobs. I gave him a ride on my first bike more than five
years ago. The person on this side of the room who has and, I believe,
holds the speed record on one of my bicycles is the City Manager. Last item.
Just about 50 years ago at this time, I was finishing three years as a Peace
Corps volunteer in the Philippines. I have recently been elected the head of
a brand new group. There are more than 200,000 returned Peace Corps
volunteers now. I'm the head of a brand new group called Returned Peace
Corps Volunteers for Environmental Action. I look forward to bragging about
the courage and clarity of purpose that this City shows in addressing the
terrific collection of issues that we now all face together. Thank you very
much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Amy Sung to be followed by Heywood Robinson.


                                                                          Page 39 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
