                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: The Giants blew another lead they took into the
ninth.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Picking up on something the Mayor mentioned
last week. I saw him speak at the peace walk and rally that at least a
couple of us had participated in. Peace walk and picnic, rather. Having
noticed the comments on Palo Alto Online on the article about that after the
fact, I was disturbed. I'll just put it out there for now. I think we might
want to consider a City Resolution condemning Islamophobia in America, in
our community and more broadly.

Mayor Burt: In addition to the various events that others mentioned,
Acterra had a really great electric vehicle event on Saturday afternoon. It
was very well attended with a whole series of different Electric Vehicle (EV)
manufacturers. The enthusiasm was there. One of the things that I have
brought up before and would like to see us look for an opportunity to do is to
survey whatever sampling of our populace to find out what form of vehicle
they intend to have in their next purchase. Here we have within our S/CAP
an anticipation that we'll have a certain level of adoption. We really don't
have any data that would tell us whether we're on the right track. I strongly
suspect that not too many people are expecting to buy a gas-powered
vehicle in their next purchase. It'd be really nice to know what that data is
like. That doesn't determine what they will buy, but it certainly gives a
sense of the mindset. Finally, just note that Stanford really dominated SC
on Saturday. It wasn't even a game. Before the game even, the SC coach
noted that SC now aspires to have a program like Stanford.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:36 P.M.




                                                                      Page 120 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
