                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks. That's it for my questions.

Mayor Burt: We'll now hear from members of the public. We have seven
cards. If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to bring their card forward
at this time. Being a Study Session and the limited amount of time we have,
each speaker will have up to two minutes to speak. Excuse me. Our first
speaker is Mike Green, to be followed by Neilson Buchanan.

Mike Green: My name is Mike Green. I appreciate the opportunity to
address the Council. I live in south Palo Alto. My son lives in Page Mill Court
Apartments, which immediately adjoins this site. I would say I have no
problem at all with the proposal to have smaller area, higher density housing
there. What I have an issue with is the parking. That area, which I visit
frequently, is completely parked out. The building is going to displace
existing parking. My strong recommendation is that it should not be
approved without double layer parking underneath, which is the norm now
for that area. If you look at the building that's being completed a few blocks
north on Ash Street, that's double layer on a smaller site. That would
diffuse the parking issue. I should say, by the way, that I regard things like
the bike kitchen as something of a Potemkin village, because on El Camino a
few blocks north and a few blocks south, are two perfectly good retail bike
shops. I had a feeling listening to the presentation that there was a little bit
of smoke and mirrors there. That's my recommendation, that the Council
should not approve this without double layer parking.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Neilson Buchanan, to be
followed by Mark Mollineaux.

Neilson Buchanan: Less than six nights ago, we were talking about permit
parking and what's evolved over the last four years and the quest for that
policy. I sat back and asked someone locally who really observes planning
and City Councils well. We talked about here comes housing as fodder for
debate and discussion for the Palo Alto process. What did we learn from
permit parking and what are we going to learn as we go through the
quandary about housing? The perspective that was thrown out is that
solving problems applicant-by-applicant is just crazy. One permit program
by another permit parking for another neighborhood; housing project by one
applicant, another housing project doesn't make an awful lot of sense.
There's got to be something better. I don't know what the something better
is. Let me suggest that problem solving can be usually boiled down to
asking three good questions. We brainstormed if you had to solve and
approach systematically new kinds of housing for any given city, what would

                                                                         Page 22 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
