                          TRANSCRIPT
residents. A few things to discuss. One, just to go back to this confusion
about what was in the motion on January 19th, what was in the motion on
February 22nd. I think this is important to clarify, and I appreciate that
Staff provided this for each of the Council Members, responding to that. Just
want to make sure we're all on the same page. Basically, we asked in
January for a fifth scenario to the Comprehensive Plan, recognizing that
none of the four scenarios outlined up to that point really explored improving
jobs/housing balance in a substantial enough way for us to make a decision.
We wanted a broader range of discussion, focusing on that in particular. In
February, on February 22nd, we provided some nuance to that. As Staff
mentions in their response to my questions, it was additive not
contradictory.     We were providing nuance, saying we want to explore
improving the jobs/housing imbalance, but we want to do that in a way that
mitigates problems, that focuses on doing it while protecting and improving
quality of life, so that we can focus on two halves of the quality of life. One
is the affordability, so that people aren't spending 80 percent of their income
on rent, and we also make sure that for everybody in Palo Alto we don't
exacerbate or hopefully actually improve things like traffic and parking which
are major indicators of that sort of quality of life. I think it's important that
we just frame this discussion, recognizing that, that the February 22nd
meeting was really an extension of what we talked about, not a contradiction
of what we talked about in January. I know there's been some turnover in
the Staff, so I'm not going to give Staff a hard time about it. I appreciate
the clarification and that we are now correcting the confusion from the Staff
Report where January was omitted, and the minor mistake. On Slide 14,
what it really should say is that Staff was directed to move forward with a
fifth scenario, and then the rest of it which shifts the jobs/housing imbalance
by limiting office expansion and replacing some commercial use with
housing. We've heard from the audience tonight, the League of Women
Voters, Palo Alto Forward, a number of people just speaking for themselves,
that we should study something actually much stronger than even Option C.
Staff's given us three options, A, B and C, or left open the possibility for
something different from those for Scenario 5. That's what we're supposed
to give direction on tonight. Options A and B are no more housing than the
prior scenarios. I would just frankly dismiss them out of hand, because
they're not pursuing what we're really trying to get at. Option C—they do,
by the way, all reduce the jobs below any of the prior scenarios, Scenarios
1-4. I appreciate that, because we can't address an imbalance by only
dealing with one side. Option C starts, as the League of Women Voters
letter said, to move us in the right direction. I don't think it goes far enough
for a couple of reasons. One, the jobs proposed there—this is the lowest the
Staff was able to even conceptualize—lower than the previous scenarios.
The jobs in Option C are still 8,868, so almost 9,000 jobs in growth of jobs,
but only 5,300 new housing units. We got a stack of letters by email and
                                                                         Page 83 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
