                          TRANSCRIPT

and the other is the Caltrain grade separation number. The BART to San
Jose figure, as one of the members of the audience pointed out, there's sort
of a history of that project sucking up money over time that it wasn't really
supposed to when the measure was passed. I think the idea of having some
kind of fixed cap on that so that it doesn't go beyond 1.2 billion, I think
that's actually pretty important.     The other one is the railroad grade
separation program. I think $900 million, as a number of people have said,
is the right number for grade separation potentially with another 400 for
other Caltrain improvements on top of it. I think if it ends up going below
900 million for grade separation, I think it becomes much more difficult for
us to support. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: It makes sense that we be flexible and work
cooperatively with our neighbors. The proposal doesn't have everything we
want, but there are things that are important to us that are in there, grade
separation, mode sharing. It seems to me there's a real unique opportunity
in here. One of the big elements is local streets and roads. It's a formula
program, so it's hard to break away from that. I would urge Staff and my
colleagues to look seriously at whether it might make sense for us who have
been investing a lot of our infrastructure funds in upgrading our local streets
to get in that program, take advantage of it and shift a substantial amount
of infrastructure funds to other uses.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think my biggest concern is I think we've entered
the horse trading stage. We're getting away a little bit from a rational basis
for the allocation of the funds. My understanding, and this could be wrong,
is that the proposed percentages originated with the Mountain View staff.
I'm not sure how much they've really been vetted. While we may not have
agreed with the VTA/Envision process, at least it was a process. For me,
understanding where these percentages come from is important. We are
where we are. What I'd like to do is just tell you as our City representatives,
City Manager and Mayor, kind of where I think we should go for more and
where we should be willing to give up some, kind of on a relative basis.
Again, I've mentioned it before. I think San Mateo and Alameda County
offer useful examples.       Their sales tax measures broke down into
percentages similar to this. Just for a comparison, San Mateo's Measure A
had 30 percent for transit. With BART and Caltrain, we have 27 percent.
That seems like it's in the right ballpark. San Mateo had 15 percent for
                                                                         Page 87 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
