                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I think we can do that too. I think that, concurrent with this but
post even coming back on that, I'd like to be sure we really have a good
process for folks being able to complain to us or comment without any
difficulty, so that we have a way to continuously learn from what the
experiences are. We're going to have to set some thresholds or dividing
lines. We may find we do need to modify them if it still was over-restrictive
or whatever. We need to be able to hear from folks that it's really
interfering with things or whatever. I think we'll come back, we'll loop back,
we'll do our best estimate. We'll even have a count. I know we sort of think
we like the party. I don't think parties are breaking out all over Palo Alto all
the time, and we have just lots of these that are really in or out. I think we
could get you some data on at least what we're doing on the permit side.
That always feels a little different from whether it's permitted or not. That's
a whole different issue. That's on anything, whether or not somebody goes
and gets a permit.

Mayor Burt: I want to loop back to one earlier question that Vice Mayor
Scharff raised on this example of a single plumbing fixture fee formerly
versus a flat bathroom rate. I understand to a degree from a cost recovery
basis if you've got a whole bathroom that you're going to inspect versus one
fixture. You've got your transit costs and you're setting up the appointment.
Those are all fixed costs. I have a hard time thinking that it's really quite
the same cost for one fixture as a whole bathroom. It's not the linear rate
that we had formerly of ten fixtures cost ten times as much as one. We also
need to consider another factor besides pure recovery, which is are we
setting up a system where there's either an unfairness. If somebody's got
one fixture they want to replace, they're going to pay an enormous fee or a
high fee, far exceeding the cost of the fixture. Our inspection fee far
exceeds the cost of the fixture and the installation. Something seems wrong
there.     I understand from your cost recovery rationale why that's
approximately the case. Second, are we setting up a situation as a result of
that where people aren't having them inspected or we're encouraging people
to violate our Code. I don't think that's a good thing either. I think we've
had too narrow of a set of considerations in setting these fees, whether it be
the special events or the ones I just cited. Now, I'm struggling with what do
we do tonight. Is there a way to go forward or should we really have this
loop back? If we don't go forward, some of these are updates and increases
in costs to reflect our increases in costs. Others are substantive changes.
It's the substantive changes in how we calculate and what we charge against
that we're struggling with, not that you have a five percent increase in your
total cost this year and you have to pass along five percent. We'd like to be
able to go forward with that. I think we've got some problems with one
criterion for a given fee when there maybe should be several.

                                                                          Page 91 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
