                         TRANSCRIPT
each and every commuter who parks on an Evergreen street in route to
Stanford or the Caltrain station is now counted in the traffic mitigation win
column and duly and erroneously reported as a non-car commuter. If this is
not ironic enough, how about this? In the framework of Report 6787, every
new commuter who makes a habit of parking on an Evergreen street
becomes yet another stakeholder in the adjudication of our request. They
get free, unrestricted parking for the duration and a place at the table and a
say in the outcome of our request, assuming of course that our request is
actually chosen to proceed. Which brings us to the question of scarcity and,
by that, we mean not just with respect to parking but to the very processes
suggested in this report for each of the requests encompassed by it. Our
City Manager Keene and his senior Staff have now blandly informed us that
there is only enough money and Staff resources available to deal with one of
our requests, and the other three will just have to wait. If what is outlined
in Report 6787 comes to stand, two clear and critical messages will be sent
to the residents of the City of Palo Alto. The first goes to Palo Alto
neighborhoods contemplating an RPP request. You must compete first with
your own neighbors. For your trouble and the inevitable acrimony that will
ensue, you will still have to wait two years or more for a result. The second
is that, the City Council, the City Manager Keene and the senior Staff,
despite all the utterances to the contrary, don't actually seem to take this
problem very seriously, that all this talk is just so much empty rhetoric. The
process is nothing more than window dressing. We asked you when we
came here in February to do the right thing for Evergreen Park. Now we're
asking you to do the right thing for all of the requesters, for Crescent Park,
for Edgewood Plaza, for Southgate, and for Evergreen Park, to make sure all
of our submissions are promptly acted upon and judged on their merits.
Tonight we ask you to do something else. For you to actually walk your own
talk and to prove that our concerns as I have expressed tonight are
misplaced. I hope they are. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Neilson Buchanan.

Neilson Buchanan: Neilson Buchanan, Bryant Street, Palo Alto. I'm here
tonight also to preempt the Planning Commission meeting later on
Wednesday for a couple of reasons. One, I physically can't be there.
Second, I've come to the conclusion that it's a waste of my time to make
these comments to the Planning Commission when the comments really
belong to the stewardship of the City Council. April 1st was the opening bell
on a new horse race. Four different neighborhoods submitted applications
for parking permits. I predict next year open season more neighborhoods
will submit applications. I'm here to make an appeal for a better process on
how we're going to address the neighborhood quality issues that are
inevitably going to arise. Wednesday night, the Planning Commission has a
                                                                        Page 29 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
