                          TRANSCRIPT
that in a minute. The development requirements and community indicators,
Elaine referenced this a little bit. This was really an evolution of the
performance measure concept, that I know the Council has discussed before.
The term development requirements was developed to mean those issues or
conditions that are imposed on new development at the time of approval,
something that the Council is very familiar with. Community indicators are
broader. The intention there was to use them as we evaluate our overall
community over time. There was a recognition that if we want to achieve
our goals, both our sustainability goals and our quality of life goals, over the
next 15 years, we're not going to be able to do it just by imposing conditions
on new development, which will be such a small part of the world we live in
in 2030. We're going to have to address our own behaviors, changes in
technology and other things, and so community indicators and monitoring
our progress over time becomes a very important component of the Plan.
There was recognition, though, that the CAC was not going to be able to get
these nailed down perfectly, and so there are options in the Plan about
further developing these concepts following Plan adoption. I'm sure you saw
those options in the policy document. In terms of the options that the
committee recommended the Council consider, they had to do with whether
you would do both of these things, whether you would do one of these
things, and how they would pair with the quantitative limits we just
discussed. Moving onto other areas of agreement. I think Elaine mentioned
this. There was a focus on the committee on this issue of developing a new
mixed-use concept that would be just retail and residential. There are
policies to that effect and this program proposed in the Plan. Basements
were another area of agreement, and the policies are cited here on the slide.
There was also agreement on the use of coordinated area plans. In fact, so
much agreement that you'll find four different programs in the Plan. We got
a little wild on this one. The thought being that there are areas of the City
that are going to take much more detailed and specific planning than can
possibly happen in a General or a Comp Plan. The CAC was trying to tee up
for the Council areas of the City where they felt this was important. Elaine
has talked about the height limit options. If you read through the policy
document, you saw that these boiled down to really four. One is, of course,
keep the 50-foot height limit the way it is. One was to allow heights a little
larger; this is the option that I called 55 is the new 50. Something too about
just a little more height to allow for more contemporary design of floor-to-
ceiling heights, particularly in retail spaces. There are two options that allow
something other than that. One specifies 65-feet for areas where we want
to facilitate new housing. The other was silent on what the height would be,
but again focused on areas where you want to facilitate additional housing.
We could of course suggest criteria for what that would look like. Parkland
acquisition was addressed. This is a topic that's also in the Community
Services and Facilities Element, but there was some discussion and some
                                                                        Page 59 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
