                         TRANSCRIPT
C and D in the Motion that the Council passed? That's my question. That
isn't what we get now. As I understand it, it's because the ARB Findings
don't currently—I'm not trying to be argumentative. I'm really trying to
understand. What I'm hearing but still not quite getting to the end of it is
that isn't what we get now because the ARB Findings don't reference Context
Based Design Criteria. I thought they did, that was a requirement to be
followed as well.

Mr. Lait: Excuse me. I wouldn't agree that that's the case. In fact, every
project that's been before the Council that has been controversial in some
way has been subject to the Context Based Design Criteria. It is not
because they're not included in the ARB Findings that projects are argued as
to whether they comply or not. That is a subjective conversation that takes
place. I would say some of the concerns we've had was we don't necessarily
think that following the rhythmic pattern of the street is necessarily the
standard that you want to apply to every single project, including projects in
the Research Park. That’s' why we decided to pull that specificity out and
leave the ARB Findings more broad. To the extent that a standard like that
would apply, such as in SOFA Ii where there was all this great community
and public engagement, that would stay there. For the several pages of
Context Based Design Criteria equipped with the photos and diagrams would
still apply to those projects that are subject to the Context Based Design
Criteria. I would say the answer is partially yes to your question about
whether A, B, C and D would be answered in the new ARB Findings. To the
extent that there was a disagreement about that, I would say that is the
nature of discretionary applications, and people are going to have different
opinions about that.

Council Member Holman: What we're trying to do is provide some clarity.

Mr. Lait: We're trying to do a couple of things with the Findings. One is we
have 16 Findings now. One of the reasons why we wanted to embark on
this effort is because it takes a lot of work to write 16 Findings for every
project that we get. There is a fair amount of fatigue that happens when
Staff is trying to be creative to figure out how each project meets the
Findings. We're trying to synthesize that to the key issues. Frankly, this is
a little bit larger than we had set out to do. We wanted to make it even
more discrete than this, so we can get to those key issues. In response to
the Council's direction, we expanded it. It can expand further. We can add
those standards from SOFA II. We just didn't think that was—that's not
what our recommendation is.

Council Member Holman: I leave it to Council Member DuBois to make the
Motion, because I think he was looking to do that. I'm going to want to see

                                                                       Page 88 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
