                    ACTION MINUTES
MOTION RESTATED:          Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to:

A.    Approve the five “Group 1” Basement Construction Dewatering
      Program changes for the 2016 construction season on a pilot basis and
      add a sixth change, “dewatering flow will be metered”; and

B.    Continue working with the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD)
      in an effort on developing a further understanding of the north county
      groundwater systems, impacts of groundwater pumping, and
      opportunities for enhanced groundwater recharge. Direct Staff to
      provide an update on the work plan for this effort to the Policy and
      Services Committee in the first quarter of 2016; and

C.    Direct Staff to prepare a report for the Policy and Services Committee
      in the first half of 2016 to discuss Group 3 matters and the
      development of a potential recommendation to Council to direct
      additional work in one or more of these areas.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

At this time Council heard Agenda Item 13.

13.   Approval of a Twenty Five (25) Year Lease Agreement Between the
      City of Palo Alto and the Museum of American Heritage (MOAH) for the
      City Owned Property at 351 Homer Avenue, Palo Alto.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to authorize the City Manager or his designee to negotiate and enter
into a new twenty five (25) year lease agreement between the City of Palo
Alto and Museum of American Heritage (MOAH) for the City owned property
at 351 Homer Avenue, Palo Alto upon expiration of the current lease
agreement in 2017.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Emergency Ordinance of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Adding Chapter 9.16 (Medical Marijuana
      Cultivation and Delivery) to Title 9 (Public Peace, Morals and Safety) of
      the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Prohibit Medical Marijuana Cultivation
      and Delivery in Palo Alto Pursuant to California Assembly Bills 243 and

                                                                           Page 4 of 10
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Action Minutes: 2/1/16
