                         TRANSCRIPT
cognizant of environmental issues. We're also involved with the City task
force on seismic safety. A key requirement for our block preparedness
coordinators is to know where vulnerable neighbors are and to help every
neighbor in their sphere of influence to be prepared. If there's anyone who
wants to be part of this effort of making our City more resilient, I invite
them to join our efforts.        Our next training for block preparedness
coordinators is March 2nd at Lucie Stern at 6:30, and our cert training starts
in April. We're starting to plan our annual community preparedness event.
The memo at places talks about leveraging programs such as the emergency
preparedness program volunteers. The MOU between the City government
and the Empowerment Institute calls for Phase 2 to include 20 blocks with
supportive community groups. What community groups does the document
refer to? Is this the ESV program or are there additional groups? Our
leadership group has just set our goals for the year. In doing so, we
recognize how difficult it is to obtain and retain volunteers. To this end,
we're not willing to add an additional non-disaster emergency prep role to
the BPC program; although, there are many people that might want to adopt
Cool Cities We cannot expand our scope as it will drive away our existing
volunteers and prevent others from joining the efforts. In closing, I'm not
asking you to forego Cool Cities. I'm just asking that E Prep not be part of
it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sheri Furman, to be followed
by Herb Borock speaking on Number 3.

Sheri Furman, speaking regarding Agenda Item 10: Good evening, Mayor
Burt, Council Members. I want to start off by saying I am not a climate
change denier by any means, but I have issues with this proposal. You all
got my email outlining some of them. My question to you is I ask that you
pull this off the Consent Calendar and actually have a robust decision of
whether this is the best way to talk about climate change and environmental
issues. In looking over some of their table of contents, some of this stuff is
frankly so sophomoric as to be laughable. We are way ahead on our
awareness and everything. They have things like cleaning up after your dog
and stuff like that. As you just saw from all the people that came here about
our traffic issues, I think we have far more pressing problems in this town to
devote our time and resources to. I worry about whether trying to coerce
people on a block to get involved in such a broad range of topics such as this
is really going to be successful and if there are not other ways. In my 20
years of working with PAN, MRA, various community things, the thing I've
found is you can't make people do things they're not interested in doing.
They get involved with affinity groups. If they want to get involved with the
environment, they will. If they want to get involved with sports, they will do
that. You can't make them. I don't want people on a block feeling that
                                                                       Page 27 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
