                          TRANSCRIPT
younger than tennis almost, to the very old. You can exert to whatever
extent you want. You can throw your clubs on your back and carry them or
take it easy and ride in a cart. It's just really wonderful. I think it also is a
good mental if not spiritual experience too. Golf courses—ours will be one of
those—you're out in nature, and you're strolling along some of the most
beautiful scenery and fairways and natural environments that you really
don't find in other sports almost, except maybe in snow skiing. The other
thing, just a side benefit is, I have found, that you meet the nicest people
playing golf. You really do. I'm an enthusiastic supporter of this. Thank
you. I almost want to throw my hands up and say, "At last." Thank you for
your patience, your endurance. I really look forward to this coming forward.
Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: I may have to try golf.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Like Council Member Kniss, I'm not a golfer. I've
never played golf. We had to do golf for a couple of weeks in Physical
Education (PE) at Gunn. I hated it. I sucked at it. I have no interest in
playing golf. You know what? Not everybody in Palo Alto likes to run Los
Trancos Trail and try to get their time under an hour fifteen. I understand
that we all have our recreational and our outdoor opportunities that we
enjoy in this City. That's just—I've got to say it's one of the things that
makes Palo Alto a great place. We really have a variety of choices of what
we do to get outside, enjoy nature and enjoy recreation and staying healthy.
Thank you to Rob de Geus and everyone who's put a lot of work into this.
With the happy stuff out of the way, now that I've buttered everybody up, I
am a little bit worried. I will be supporting this, but I am a little bit worried
about some of the bigger investments that we're talking about making over
the next few months. We talk about the importance of systems thinking.
We talk about financial responsibility. We talk about making hard choices.
This has been a theme throughout the budget hearings that we've had. I
think about things like the golf course, the bike bridge, something that's
mentioned on Page 12 of the Staff which is the possibility of spending more
than a pretty penny on the Hamilton Avenue Post Office. I think that'll be
coming to us probably in August. I think we need to be really thoughtful
about where we're going to make hard choices. For me, that's not going to
be saying no to the golf course. For me, that's not going to be saying no to
the bike bridge. When we have a whole series of very expensive things
coming to us after some tough budget discussions with constant warnings
for Finance Staff and the City Manager throughout budget discussions about
how tough the next couple of years might be, even if we don't hit a financial
                                                                        Page 110 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
