                          TRANSCRIPT
Alma/Caltrain overcrossing/undercrossing, the three segments of shared-use
path connecting the Ross Road and Greer Road bicycle boulevards to the
Baylands Trail network, and then the seasonal undercrossing under 101 on
the far right there. Cost estimates for these three separate projects, we
estimate completing the shared-use path along Segments D, E and F would
be roughly $1.7 million. It would be our recommendation to request from
Santa Clara County that we use the $1.5 million that was allocated for the
Matadero Creek Trail for this segment. We could call it a starter segment
This may not be the last—there could be a day where there's a major
construction project along the creek corridor, and a shared-use path may be
easily accommodated on Sections A, B and C. I think this is a good first
step. It could be a last step as well; it does serve an independent utility
connecting the Ross Road Bike Boulevard to the Baylands. Project 2, the
Caltrain/Alma Street undercrossing, our estimate is about $18 million. This
is roughly what VTA also includes as their cost estimate for this particular
Across Barrier Connection. The U.S. 101 seasonal undercrossing, we're
estimating about $2 million to bring that up to standards. There's some
walls that would need to be added, additional safety features and just a
general upgrade. It's still a fairly cost-effective project to add access to the
Baylands at that location. With that, we'll take questions. I thank you for
giving us the opportunity to present this, this evening.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Colleagues, questions before we hear from the
public. These would be technical questions that are concise. Council
Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm still troubled by the Matadero Creek, and I might
ask you to say a little more about that.         In addition, the seasonal
undercrossing, which has been discussed for a long period of time now,
normally goes by a man's name that I've just blanked on. Somebody help
me. Winsky?

Council Member Holman: Lefkowitz.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. That's such an unattractive area. Is
your idea that the design or whatever you might do to it, before we finally
get around to a bridge that goes over it, would add what to it? I don't know.
Could you also tell us how much it was used this year when it actually did
rain?




                                                                         Page 21 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
