                          TRANSCRIPT
then? Do we want an overwhelming number of these things appearing all
over the City?

Mayor Burt: Let me ask is there any way to accomplish this in a more
narrow way? That was the whole ...

Ms. Silver: I think you can add an exception. There are two ways to do it.
One is to add it to the definition of retail-like uses and just make them
permitted. The other way is to add another exception that says something
like "if the site has no surrounding retail uses, then it can convert to ...

Mayor Burt: Could we do it simply in the SOFA II area or RT-35?

Ms. Silver: Yes.

Mayor Burt: I would like to then narrow the impact of this to properties in
RT-35 zoning. It's in the SOFA area. I'll say that it's one of the few areas of
the City that had gone through and had a very deliberate consideration of
the zoning when the SOFA II plan went through. If you want to chat, I'll go
to a next Council Member, and then you can return with clarifications for us.
Council Member Wolbach.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Amendment, “for properties in SOFA
II, Residential Transition-35 Zone (RT-35).”

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to ask a quick question about
medical offices. Just want to check. Does that include mental health
services, psychologists, psychiatrists, therapists, things like that as well?
We've heard some concern about possible displacement of businesses like
that, small practitioners like that, in the community. Of course, we know
how important they are for the community right now.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, those type of uses are considered medical offices. I
should just remind the Council that medical office uses greater than 5,000
square feet are subject to the annual office limit.

Mayor Burt: This is smaller, right?

Ms. Gitelman: It doesn't say small. If ...

Council Member Berman: (inaudible) smaller than that.

Ms. Gitelman: If someone had proposed a large medical office use in one of
these buildings, it would be subject to that other set of controls.

                                                                       Page 99 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
