                         TRANSCRIPT
lack of local dense housing. You have right now the golden opportunity to
do this through the promotion of local zoning adjustments, specific
incentives for builders, and funding the Palo Alto Transportation
Management Association. In my opinion, focusing on inhibiting job growth
just accommodates longer-term economic stagnation and isolation as a
community. It's a chance for us all to think big here while we can and
making it possible for workers to actually live right here where they work.
Smaller, denser units built vertically on top of retail businesses or granny
units on already developed lots, etc., this kind of thing. While pushing the
benefits of mode shifts in getting around, bikes, walking, scooters, etc. We
have a mild climate that we're enjoying. There's no excuse. Please put
climate change mitigation at the top of your planning list. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bob Moss to be followed by Judy Kleinberg.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I thought it
was interesting that the Staff Report said they didn't think any of the four
options that the proposed were actually going to be adopted; we needed a
fifth one. I think they're right. Let me give you a perspective. We are not
going to solve the jobs/housing imbalance unless we have a better traffic
problem. Traffic is bad. We ought to seriously consider reestablishing the
bus system run by the City that we had in the 1907s, because Santa Clara
County Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) does a terrible job. That will
help. The data I have is about 20 years old, but at that time more than a
quarter of the people who lived in Palo Alto also worked in Palo Alto. I'm
sure that percentage has gone down because we have a higher ratio of
seniors. We have more people commuting in. We aren't going to be able to
solve that, because we're going to keep on moving more people in Palo Alto
(inaudible) ages aren't working Palo Alto. How do we address this? I think
the simplest way to do it is to reduce the number of jobs growing. If we can
come up with a good system for preventing significant increases in job
growth, that will solve most of the problem. One of the things that people
talk about is building smaller units. If you're going to build smaller units,
you'll probably put more of them into the same space. That's not going to
help. Furthermore, small units by themselves do not reduce the number of
people who live here. Have any of you ever been to the Tenement Museum
in the lower east side of New York? The apartments were about 200 square
feet. They had some data on the people who lived there in the 1870s. A
family of four plus a boarder in less than 200 square feet. When prices for
housing go up, the density goes up also. Are you aware of the fact that a
few years ago we had an apartment in Ventura with over 20 people living in
two bedrooms? We have a housing problem because of the cost, and we
can't solve that here.

                                                                       Page 36 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
