                          TRANSCRIPT
limited and is sold out. Now, we're talking about reducing near zero. Again,
we need options for our employees, our businesses. We want them to stay.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mr. Ehikian: Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Next speaker is Nisha Gabbi, to be followed by
Steven Hardy. If you could come, second speaker could be ready to speak.

Nisha Gabbi: Hello, Council Members. My name's Nisha Gabbi, and I work
at Watercourse Way Spa in Palo Alto. I've been asked to read this on behalf
of Dr. Brian Quo, who owns Peninsula Pediatric Dentistry located on 882
Emerson. Dr. Quo and his family lives in Palo Alto, and most of his patients
are children who live in Palo Alto. Dr. Quo writes: I would like to tell you
how reducing employee parking surrounding our business location will affect
us and potentially many of the small businesses in Palo Alto. As a business
located within the community, as opposed to being in a dedicated medical
complex, we have the luxury of being within walking distance from houses
and schools. I would say the majority of our patients come from within the
surrounding one mile, often riding their bikes, scootering or walking. Public
transportation will not work for most of my Staff. If I do not have the ability
to have my Staff park close to our office, I have no choice but to look for a
new location for my dental practice. Opening a medical office and starting
over is a costly endeavor. Not only does employee parking affect our
business, but it will also affect our restaurants, grocery stores, hair salons,
and other small businesses. This will be the down fall of many small
businesses in Downtown Palo Alto. We provide important services to Palo
Alto residents, all the while increasing the property value for the residents of
Palo Alto. Significantly reducing the parking availability to employees is a
bad decision, and one that will chase away many businesses that serve all
the people of Palo Alto. Please respect the parking needs of the Palo Alto
small businesses. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Steven Hardy, to be
followed by Tyler Hanley.

Steven Hardy: Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity to speak.
My name's Steven Hardy; I live on Fulton Street. I've been there almost 30
years. The compromise that has been reached with the current proposal is,
I think, the best that can be done at the moment. I support everything that
Norman Beamer especially has said about let's move forward with a cap, a
very generous cap in my opinion, but with a goal to solving the problem in a
more fundamental way in 10 years from now. This is no longer a Downtown
Parking Program. This is the whole City increasingly, it looks like. The
                                                                          Page 19 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
