                          TRANSCRIPT
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: While the Clerk is totaling those, do we have any Agenda
Changes, Additions or Deletions? I don't believe we have any.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt:     We can move on to City Manager Comments.                 Mr. City
Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. First
of all, just a report on this weekend's Bike Palo Alto and the Bike and Roll
Expo. I want to put out some thank you's to everybody. The Seventh
Annual Bike Palo Alto on Sunday drew more than 800 people of all ages to
explore one of three highlighted routes for getting around Palo Alto by bike
without getting in their cars with an increase in participation of 14 percent
over last year. This year, the Downtown/Menlo Park route was the favorite
with 46 percent of riders heading to the Bike and Roll Expo at City Hall,
while 34 percent chose the Monroe Park/Los Altos route, and 20 percent
headed to the Baylands/Midtown route. More than 70 volunteers stepped
forward to assist participants at El Carmelo School, where the event started,
and at treat stops along each route. Our Staff estimates CO2 savings for the
estimated average of five miles ridden per participant as 2.2 tons for the
afternoon saved, and with the potential added savings from frequent rider
cards, which were handed out to encourage folks to keep riding to
community businesses, libraries and other destinations, the potential of
lowering emissions by 8 1/2 tons of CO2 without adding demand for parking
spaces at local destinations, to keep everybody riding. We had more than
200 people attend the expo on the Plaza to test out electric bikes,
automated skateboards, scooters, cargo bikes and more low-carbon options.
Our City's Transportation Division tested out parking protected bikeways
along Bryant Street between University and Forest. One of the more
popular stations involved tricking out your bike to look like a mobile piece of
artwork. There were lots of bike riders and families, of course, who started
the day at El Carmelo School and headed Downtown. A lot of thanks to our
Transportation and Planning Staff, Community Services and Public Works
employees, but a special thanks to community volunteers, Sandra Slater,
Cathy Durham and Robin Dube [phonetic]. It was a great day, lots of fun. I
hope the Mayor, who was helping spearhead the expo, was pleased with the
outcome. I rode four different electric bikes myself. A new version of the
revolution will not be televised, but e-bikes are here. Some of you might
have heard some concerns about bike security at our Caltrain stations. I did
want to share in response to hearing from Council Members that Caltrain is
working on a system-wide bike parking management plan. The plan is

                                                                        Page 23 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
