                          TRANSCRIPT
change. Rather than lay down highway and rail, can we do something where
the system lives in the vehicles and the network rather than in the
infrastructure that's fixed? We do a good job already and, I think, have an
opportunity to do a much better job of rapid, agile prototyping, doing short
learning cycles. Jim Keene talked yesterday about tactical urbanism, an
opportunity to do quick experiments. Instead of planning for a year and
pouring concrete, we could plan for some months and paint stripes on a
street on a weekend and see what happens. Watch and then learn and then
take the paint up, and do it differently next time. I think if we can find ways
to do learning cycles that are measured in months instead of years, there's a
great opportunity there for us, mirroring what the companies in this region
do and how they operate and learn fast and pivot. Finally, we need timely
and transparent performance tracking so that we as Staff, you as Council
and the community as a whole can see how we're doing and not just depend
on Annual Summary Reports, but have real-time data. We'll be deploying
the sustainability dashboard that we have built with your support over the
next month or two as the beginning of that. I think, in summary the
questions are shall we become a carbon neutral City or even a net positive
City. To do that, we need to drive radical resource efficiency. That's the
resource productivity that Stefan Heck talked about. Really key—I think
many of you have echoed this—is if we want to shift transportation behavior,
we actually need to make it more convenient for people not to drive. This is
not going to be achieved through punitive actions, nor should it be. This is
carrot rather than stick. If we can make it more convenient for people to
not drive, they're going to do it. If we don't, there's no amount of incentives
that will persuade them to. We can accelerate our building stock upgrades.
Peter Pirnejad is here tonight , and the Development Services Department
have done a sterling job in developing Green Building Ordinances for Palo
Alto that are ahead of the already nation-leading California building
standards. I think there are ways that we can accelerate that cycle and
upgrade our building stock and put money in the pockets of our residents.
We've talked about shifting from natural gas to electrical systems where
that's feasible. We have great opportunities to embed sustainability into the
operations and management of the City, ranging from how we do capital
investment, how we measure performance, how we drive the upgrades in
our buildings. We've already taken some small steps in that, for example,
with our prioritization of electrical vehicle purchases in the City fleet, which
we think will save about $5,000 per vehicle over the lifetime of the vehicle,
even though they still cost more today, first cost. Big opportunities which
I'd like to focus on in a future Study Session with you to talk about
adaptation and resilience. How do we deal with what are now inevitable
challenges of climate change that we will face? Sea level rise of perhaps a
couple of feet by mid-century, perhaps as much as five feet by the end of
the century according to one set of estimates. We don't know how big that
                                                                         Page 55 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
