                          TRANSCRIPT
they're going to be shunned or thought badly of if they choose not to
participate in this. I'm just saying I'm—we tried this before with the low
carbon diet on a neighborhood and block-by-block basis, and that went
nowhere. Whatever you decide you'll decide, but I want you to discuss—no
respect, Jim. I understand the goals of this. I'd like you to have a
discussion of how can this—will it be successful and especially under the
parameters or the model that the Empowerment Institute or whatever it's
called is suggesting here. I sincerely have my doubts. If we want to try it,
then we will. Please at least have a discussion about the merits of this.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock speaking to Item
Number 3, to be followed by Stephanie Munoz, our final speaker, on Item
Number 8.

Herb Borock, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 3: Thank you, Mayor
Burt. Good evening, Council Members. I had a letter at places, and I
appreciate Staff's response on such short notice. I do have the following
comments on Staff's response. First in regard to the language on packet
page 36 regarding the Infrastructure Plan, Staff's comment is that the
transmittal letter is referring to a broad range of funding options which are
up for consideration. However, the language in the Comprehensive Annual
Financial Report at packet page 36 says that these projects will be funded by
certain things. I don't think those two statements are the same thing.
Staff's language would be better than what's in there now. The second
comment refers to the Fiber Fund. Staff says that there were no Capital
Improvement Programs in the Fiber Optics Fund in Fiscal Year 2015. I
thought that each year that there were two CIPs for fiber, one for a Capital
Improvement Program that was reimbursed by customers and the other that
the City did on its own to extend the fiber optic backbone without
reimbursement. I don't recall whether any of that's been spent or not. I
thought that each CIP including the one for 2015 did include both of those
CIPs. You've received quarterly reports from the Utilities Department that
would show the occurrences within the Fiber Fund including the capital
improvement dollars. The final comment to respond to has to do with how
and whether employment at Stanford University campus on the other side of
El Camino Real, that is not the hospital and is not the Children's Hospital and
is not the shopping center and is not the Research Park, but is the campus
that's in unincorporated Santa Clara County, is now appearing as
employment in Palo Alto in this statistical section of the Comprehensive
Annual Financial Report. It did not in the past, as I indicated. The footnote
to the table on packet page 197 indicates the data sources are unreliable.
Surely any of us who have been here for a while know that the people
working at the Stanford campus are not working in the City of Palo Alto. I'm
                                                                        Page 28 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
