                          TRANSCRIPT
the case, but it was just ambiguous—that the project as those members of
the community who would enter the project, let's call it, enter the building or
whatever would find these characteristics to have been met. I'm assuming
that we're somehow meaning that as the project is visible from the outside,
it's to have those characteristics for the general community. Is that the
intent?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Burt: It's only a little ambiguous there, but I want to try to reduce
any ambiguity that we do have. Finally, my last question has to do with
landscaping. Actually "5" and "6" both address landscaping; "5"specifically
in landscaping, and "6" as landscaping as it applies to sustainability. In "5",
we talk about utilizing drought-resistant plants, and then "6" we talk about
really sustainable landscaping. Is there an understanding or intent as to
what that means in terms of the type of plants? For instance, we could have
drought-resistant plants that are native to Australia or Africa or the Middle
East, and would pretty clearly meet "5" as it is written. I don't know
whether, under Staff's interpretation, it would meet the landscaping
component of "6." Can you tell me what the intent is in that regard?

Mr. Lait: There's a wide variety of drought-tolerant plants. If the Council
were interested in making sure that we had drought-tolerant plants that
were compatible to the area or native to the area, we can add that
distinguishment [sic], if that's a word, in the findings.

Mayor Burt: I don't know whether Staff has reflected on this, but when you
talk about sustainable landscaping, does it mean that that is sustainable in
terms of its relationship to the natural environment and the species that may
thrive on it or is it simply mean that it is a sustainable water supply or its
impact on the water supply, which would be more narrow and, say, it just
can't consume a lot of water?

Ms. French: I would say that the original sustainable design green building
and actually prior to that green building finding, there was quite a body of
discussion about drought-tolerant and low-water use. I think that's been a
common theme. I think that's been the most common theme that has run
through since these conditions were established back when. I would say we
certainly apply it to that. Could it be applied more broadly? I think they're
worded in such a way that they can be applied more broadly.

Mayor Burt: It sounds like we may want to do that. As worded right now,
it's ambiguous as to whether it applies to a broader definition of what is
sustainable. I understand that, and I'm not disagreeing in the historic
context. I wanted to just have that understanding. That completes my
                                                                         Page 15 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
