                          TRANSCRIPT
Siamack Sanale: Mayor and Council Members, thank you very much for the
time. My name is Siamack Sanale. I live in the corner of Loma Verde and
Stockton Place in Royal Manor. I strongly oppose single story overlay. This
is not the right solution for our neighborhood. There's been several problem
with the process and how the signatures are collected. The application
doesn't have the necessary support. Right now it is at 63 percent, I believe,
which is way below the 70 percent that is needed. It never had the
necessary support to become a valid application. Just the fact that some of
the people who originally signed the application reversed and then hired the
lawyer to fight this application is a very strong evidence that signatures were
collected with the owners not fully understanding the impact of their
signatures. On top of that, on an application like this, there are like hundred
thousand of dollar on the line for some of the neighbors. Don't you think
that there should be some way to either notarize or witnesses this
signatures? I believe if there was a better process we would know and the
number of people who actually support this applicant would be much, much
lower. As you know, also there was the wrong Frequently Asked Questions
(FAQ) at the beginning. The applicant didn't give the correct FAQ to the
people who they decided they were not interested in Single Story Overlay
(SSO). By doing that, opposition was fooled to believe that there will be a
ballot. It stopped them from being part of the process, coming up with a
better solution and inform the neighbors in the impact of their signatures. I
strongly believe this is not the right solution for our neighborhood. I ask you
to deny it and start a process to have a better system for applying for SSO.
Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ami Kanofer [phonetic]. Our
next speaker is Marjan Yahyanejad.

Marjan Yahyanejad: You pronounce it perfectly. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Yahyanejad: My name is Marjan, and I live on corner of Stockton and
Loma Verde Avenue. I strongly oppose SSO. The reason I oppose SSO is
because it is untrue that gross floor area allowed to be SSO is as large as
gross floor area allowed without SSO. For example, for our house we could
build 3,000 square feet without SSO.        With SSO, we can only have
maximum 1,900 square feet. We got 24 feet special setback in the front, 16
feet street-side setback on the side, and we got a five feet utility easement
in the back where no habitable thing can be built. We were not going to
max out our house, but we need to at least be able to have enough space to
accommodate our family. We are immigrant family, and my parents live
with me. I'm going to have children soon, so I need more space for six

                                                                        Page 36 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
