                          TRANSCRIPT
Alto. They're afraid to even talk about it with us. This is the possibility of
what could happen if we really mean what we say when we say that we need
affordable housing. I agree 100 percent that we need it. We talk a lot
about quality of life. We use different things to define what quality of life
means, parking, traffic, the size of our schools. To me quality of life is the
ability to afford to live in the community that you've lived in for decades.
40-45 percent of housing units in Palo Alto are renter occupied, and rents
have gone up 63 percent in Palo Alto in the last four years. This is
dramatically impacting the quality of life of Palo Alto residents. When we
use this term, we need to think broader than how we've used it in the past.
This is a quality of life. The inability of people—I've been talking with a lot
of residents from all over the area over the past couple of months. I had
some nurses come up to me last week. Some of them had just retired, and
one was about to retire. They'd never bought a home in—I think they
actually live in Menlo Park. The same thing happens in Palo Alto. They'd
never bought homes while they were working, and their rents have gone up
so much that the ones that have recently retired and are on fixed incomes
are going to have to move far away. The one who's about to retire knows
that that fate is going to be hers real soon as well. We need to get serious
about whether or not we're going to tonight just study an amount of housing
that might actually move the needle. Cory mentioned earlier this 580 units
per year. What it is, is two percent per year. Studies show—I still need to
look at these studies more—that if you add two percent of housing units per
year, that kind of maintains the affordability of your community. Other
people like to say we can't build our way out of this; there's no way. I'd
take just decreasing the increases that have been—let's slow the pace of the
increases that have occurred. Using this, we can't build our way out of it as
an excuse not to do anything. That just doesn't sit well with me. We're not
at the point of making motions now, but I'm going to be looking for
something a whole lot more than Scenario 2 on the housing front. I'm very
open to further slowing down office growth, but let's get real. Maybe we
really aren't serious about trying to increase the socioeconomic diversity or
claw back some of the socioeconomic diversity that we had in Palo Alto when
I was growing up. That's a quality of life issue to me. When we talk about
quality of life, that's what I'm talking about.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: We've had a lot of discussion of affordability and
housing. I guess I go back to one public comment that was made; cities
don't build houses. They can zone, but they can't build. We try. If you look
at our experience over the last 6 years on helping build affordable housing,
there are probably two or three examples around town. It took a lot of our
money to do that. What's the issue we're talking about tonight? What's a
                                                                        Page 93 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
