                         TRANSCRIPT
number of nonresident permits by 200 per year, initially prioritizing the
outermost zones of the RPP District as previously committed in the
February 23, 2016 meeting. Number 3, establish that the total maximum
vehicle load quantity, that means residents, nonresidents and 2-hour
parkers, for all block faces should not exceed 80 percent in Downtown North
and 60 percent in the other zones. Number 4, cease issuing nonresident
permits in Zones 9 and 10, since there clearly is no demand at this time.
Number 5, recognize that to facilitate the more equal distribution of
nonresident permit parking across all zones as originally intended, no more
than 33 percent of the total space capacity in any one zone will be allocated
to nonresident permits.        Number 6, reduce the number of permits
businesses can purchase in blocks for any one zone from the current blocks
of ten to no more than five blocks. Number 7, give priority to lower-wage
employees when issuing nonresident permits as required by California State
Vehicle Code Section 22507. Number 8, scheduled a City Council review no
later than September 2017 for the next phase of the RPP. On a personal
note, I want to say that Mayor Burt hit it on the head when he talked about
shoving the problem somewhere else. The people on the 800 block of Palo
Alto Avenue are petitioning to join the RPP District now, because the cars are
all parking just outside the current border and blocking Palo Alto Avenue.
What we've done is push these parkers to streets that have never had a
parking problem in the past. The Staff has not been able to do a survey of
those areas as yet to see that happening. I also commend Councilwoman
Kniss on saying this is a complicated program.             I think much too
complicated. You have issues that you're trying to address like housing and
traffic and infrastructure. You make this complicated program which takes a
tremendous strain on Staff time to make this work. I think you need to free
them up to work on the bigger, more difficult challenges coming. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Richard Brand, to be followed
by Mary Dimit.

Richard Brand: Good evening, Council Members and Staff. I appreciate the
chance to be here. I live at 281 Addison. This is my street. This is the
bicycle boulevard, the 900 block of the street. What I'd like to talk to you
tonight—I'm really speaking to you in—thank you by the way for scheduling
this review. I think we've found out that it's been needed. A lot of the
things have changed. In fact, in some areas the parking situation—in my
area, Professorville—has improved. In other areas, it stays the same. This
is an example of how it stays the same. I'll come back to this in another
picture. Apologies for reading. I don't normally do this, but I really want to
speak to the need for improved administration of the RPP permit issuance
and also to transparency. In your packet tonight on Page 231, you will have
                                                                       Page 89 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
