                          TRANSCRIPT
terms of reviewing projects and to assure that projects minimize the impacts
that we want them to avoid, those Comp Plan—I don't know if I call them
conditions—aspects become more important than they have in the past.

Ms. Gitelman: You're absolutely correct, Mayor Burt. We're taking this
study of congestion and the standard around level of service out of the CEQA
context, where it's very clear, and putting it into the context of General Plan
consistency. When the Council considers a project, you will be considering
whether it's consistent with the Comprehensive Plan. If it isn't, if it deviates
from the level of service standard of the congestion levels that the Council
wants to see, the Plan consistency will be your hook to impose conditions on
a project.

Mayor Burt: Historically we've had a Plan that had a lot of competing
interests. I can certainly see that if we continue to have that level of
competing interests, then whether projects comply becomes even more
discretionary. The suggestion to me is that we're going to need to have the
Comp Plan or other conditions of approval become clearer than they are
today. Council Member Filseth, did you have another? Go ahead.

Council Member Filseth: I'm sorry. I wanted to ask a quick follow-on
question. Are we going to be commenting on this later or is this (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: At this time, we have two speaker cards. If anybody else
wishes to speak, please bring a card forward. What I can do is if we're kind
of wrapping up this round, I could go to the public, and then we could come
back for any final comments.

Council Member Filseth: I just had a quick question I meant to ask. Under
CEQA with VMT, do we delineate between vehicle miles traveled that are sort
of within the city limits of Palo Alto versus the region? For example, if it's
five miles from Sunnyvale to the JCC and five miles from Mitchell Park
Library to the shopping center, do we delineate between those or is it both
just five miles?

Mr. Milam: For purposes of 743, the OPR guidance suggests that you do not
truncate the VMT based on political boundaries. The idea is to have as full
accounting of the VMT being generated by the project as possible. That's
also similar to what happens in greenhouse gas analysis. It can be different
over in air pollution. Air pollution, dependent on the pollutant, there's
different regulations that apply. Sometimes we look at just the VMT around
an intersection if it's for carbon monoxide, for example.

Council Member Filseth: If I understand what you just said, for CEQA
purposes, then VMT is just VMT. For traffic impact analysis purposes and
                                                                         Page 28 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
