                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: No. Didn't you hear? The Staff said that they won't be able to
proceed on the EIR without these clarifications. All we're doing tonight, with
what they just said, is giving this direction. They're going to have to come
back to us for the next leg of this discussion in order for them to proceed on
the EIR. Is that correct, Mr. Keene?

Mr. Keene: This is obviously one of the central decisions that you want to
make as a Council as it relates to one of your four Priorities. I think actually
the thought that you can wrap this all up in one night anyway is a mistake.
You've had a lot of discussion; you've heard from the public; you've zeroed
in on a direction you want to go. It's not very fair to put us in a position of
being able to think about the implications and how all these things relate
without sitting back and regrouping now that you've said this is where you
want to go. We're just doing this on the fly. The further you go down in
this, the worse it is than letting us come back and reframe (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Remind us again when did you say this would tentatively come
back?

Mr. Keene: The latest would be at the meeting on the 6th. We were
thinking about talking at the Committee of the Whole a little bit on the
housing directives that you've given. That would (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Three weeks, great.

Council Member DuBois: Last question. On the budget numbers, why is
there a difference in "i" and "2"? Why is it increasing and decreasing by
different amounts?

Mayor Burt: I don't know, but I'm trusting their math at this hour. Let
them come back if you really need to know that. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Two things. There are a number of reasons that I
can't support this motion, and I won't go through all of them right now.
There are a number of reasons why I don't and can't. Listening to City
Manager, I think he's correct. Looking at the clock, it is 12:30 A.M.. We
don't do our best work at this point in time. I move that we defer this
motion until the June 6th meeting.

Council Member DuBois; Second that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member DuBois to continue this Motion to the June 6, 2016 City
Council meeting.


                                                                        Page 119 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
