                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: The other portion that wasn't really—we didn't
really touch on at all tonight is kind of the storm water, rainwater retention
section of the Ordinance. At the same time, we're having a discussion about
basement dewatering.         It just struck me, if somebody followed this
Ordinance and put in a lot of the groundwater retention, what would happen
if their next door neighbor started pumping for a basement. It seems like
they would be in conflict, and how are we going to handle that. I think the
final point here is just we're in line with kind of green building ideas, but let's
also be in alignment with our Urban Forest Master Plan.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Something that Council Member Holman said that
I just want to build upon a little bit. I don't think it needs to be in the
Motion, but when it does come back to us, if it's not too difficult for Staff to
put it together, either in table form side-by-side or consecutive lists, just
highlighting and comparing and contrasting what's in the State, secondly
what's in the BAWSCA, and then thirdly what's in what we're proposing
locally, so we can kind of see the three of those all either lined up next to
each other or consecutively, the State, the BAWSCA and our local proposals,
just to compare and contrast. I think that'd be very useful for the Council,
the public consideration.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think this is the right direction. I was just going
to say banning lawns in new houses or in maybe substantial remodels seems
a little extreme. I hope that one gets some substantial dialog before we go
forward with it.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I would definitely support Council Member
Wolbach's idea of a table. I think that would be very helpful. I guess I'm
also going to ask legal as much as possible to look at the Ordinance and
figure out where the flexibilities are, that we could write different ways.
That's one of the key issues; what does it mean, at least for me, to be—how
did you put it? As restrictive as the Ordinance, it wasn't that language.
Whatever the language is and how we interpret that seems to be a key to
our flexibility. I guess I'd like some substantial thought put into how that
actually works.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.


                                                                               Page 38 of 107
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
