                         TRANSCRIPT
Committee unanimously voted to go to a 10-year cycle, which added
$170,000 to the budget. What the full Council doesn't have is what the
number is to go to a 7-year cycle, which is where we are now. I queried the
Urban Forester; what's recommended is a 5-10 year. If we stayed at 10
years, we're at the outside limit of what recommendation is for maintaining
street trees. I see Mr. Passmore is here. The full Council should benefit
from what the dollar amount is for a 7-year and a clearer explanation of
what the differential is between going from 15 to 10 and from 10 to a 7-year
cycle, which is where we currently are. Just to embellish on that, Urban
Forester also said that we lost 400 trees in this community last year, 400.
Much of that, of course, was due to the drought. As I said during Finance
Committee, this is also a safety issue. If we're going to have ongoing
drought, trees try to sustain themselves. One of the ways they do that is
they drop limbs, because they can't support the full canopy that they have.
It's a safety issue. I strongly support that change, especially if we can get
some kind of clarification on the dollar amounts.

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: Yes, I do support changing to 7 from 10.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's all I wanted to know.

Council Member Holman: We do need some clarification from Staff. I have,
I think, just two more questions. I'll put them all out there. The additional
money for Planning Department, I had originally suggested a $200,000
contingency to help with architectural services. That's an area where our
Planning Staff does not have good Staff support based on a lot of
background. Staff came back with a recommendation of $500,000. I do not
oppose that certainly. Just for clarity, you'll see on Packet Page 131 what
that $500,000 would be used for. I'm confident that Planning Director
Gitelman will utilize someone with urban design support and architectural
support that is consistent with the community's taste.

Mayor Burt: Can I get a clarification on that?

Council Member Holman: Sure.

Mayor Burt:   You said the Staff proposed that.     Is that $500,000 in the
budget?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Mr. Keene: The $500,000 is included in the budget.


                                                                           Page 29 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
