                          TRANSCRIPT
how much money it brings in when those types of projects would then be
coming and expecting it would be the City rather than the applicant in this
case to mitigate against sea level rise just doesn’t make any sense. That's
an overall thing. That may be years away. As far as following the process
to allow the public to participate in a meeting to see the same pieces of
information that you see on a timely basis, which means during the meeting.
I think that requires a continuance. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Bill Garrett, to be followed by our final
speaker, Stephanie Munoz.

Bill Garrett: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and Council Members. My name is Bill
Garrett. I'm a partner with Hanna and Van Atta here in town. We represent
the applicant, Fletcher Jones. I just want to point out that having literally
just received Mr. Levinsky's several questions and issues at roughly 11:00
P.M. this evening, I heard every point except really one refuted in the span
of about a 5 or 10 or 15-minute review by the Planning Director, Planning
Manager and by Sheldon. I think that's significant. I'd like to defer and
hear from them as to the FAR issue that they're currently working on and
studying at the moment. I want to point out that the applicant has worked
extremely hard here to accommodate its prospective business in the town of
Palo Alto and provide the City of Palo Alto with $1 million roughly in sales
taxes per year. It's significant that this site, the old Ming's Restaurant site,
is smaller than, I think, every other dealership within the Fletcher Jones
dealership group by a factor of four or five. They've worked very hard to not
go out vertically on the property, because the property has certain
limitations. Instead, to go up as far as they can horizontally, and they've
reduced it over the course of four or five ARB meetings. I would like to
suggest that in this instance we trust Staff, we do what's right for the
community of Palo Alto, and approve this project with all of the various
approvals that are before you tonight.

Mayor Burt: The next speaker is Stephanie Munoz. We have a late card;
I'm going to allow it to be used by Kirsten Cessna.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'm
really surprised that there has been less interest by the press and by the
community about this project, which seems to me to be outstandingly
anomalous in the use, the appearance and the historical preservation of
everything that I have ever heard this Council talk up and everything that
the other committees in the town have done to make Palo Alto into a certain
kind of city.    Ming's has been an iconic business, one of the oldest
businesses in town. The Ming's that's now being torn down is the new
Ming's. The old Ming's was up on El Camino, and it wasn't a particularly

                                                                           Page 109 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
