                          TRANSCRIPT
cars, there was a preference by a clear plurality in favor of funding those
alternatives. Finally, once more just looking at those alternative funding
mechanisms. All of them received lower support than the head tax. The
only other one that yielded majority support was a business tax that is not
based on the count of employees. I will pause there and happy to answer
any questions.

Mayor Burt: We can just right now focus on questions to Dave on the polling
and come back to other aspects of the discussion later. If there are any
specific questions to Dave on the polling. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: My first question is to what degree was this
polling exploring the feasibility of getting a business head count tax passed
this fall versus exploring a variety of options for potential funding for
transportation.

Mr. Metz: It was centrally focused on whether the head count tax was
feasible. That was the primary objective of the survey. Secondarily, we
asked about some other funding mechanisms.

Council Member Wolbach: Did you say only questions for the pollster or if
we have questions for Staff as well that are relevant?

Mayor Burt: Right now for the pollster. I just want you to make sure you—I
think this might address part of your question, because you had asked this
previously. I think it's Slide 17; is that right? No, Slide 16. I don't know if
you saw that.

Mr. Keene: Weight lifting in the Police Department.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is that what it is?

Mr. Keene: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: Which was a set of questions around other tax mechanisms and
how they polled.

Council Member Wolbach: I saw that. My question was for the pollster,
trying to get a clearer sense of the direction that the pollster received from
the Committee and from Staff around how to prioritize the various
components. I think I've gotten my answer.

Mayor Burt: Council Member ...

Council Member Wolbach: I do have a number of questions for Staff as well.

                                                                         Page 50 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
