                          TRANSCRIPT
business community if we have outreach—we had a number of speakers
tonight from the business community. They were saying do the outreach
and, at the same time, all the reasons why they're never going to support
this. We might have some members of the business community that would
come around. I would hope so, but don't hold your breath on that. What
we did have was something that 65 percent of the electorate was in support.
Even though some of that was soft, there was also an additional 6 percent
who was undecided. That's a pretty good number. For me, at the outset
when we began this process, I stated that I thought that there was a real
need for this in our community, local funding for additional transportation
measures. I've got to say this is the most half-baked editorial I've ever seen
from the Weekly. One of the arguments was that the business community
would bear the full burden of funding for transportation measures. That's
not true. As the City Manager stated earlier, we have extensive funding for
transportation measures today. This would be supplemental transportation
measures. It also misrepresented the dollars per year per employee; that
was the tentative formula. I went back and found three references for this
in the Minutes of the Committee, where we talked tentatively about 1-10
employees. The first ten employees in a business being exempt, 11-50 at
the half rate, and for a business with more than 50, only after 50 employees
would it be at full rate. Instead of the $5,100 per year for a business of 51
employees, under that formula it'd be $2,050. The Weekly was off by 150
percent in their calculation. That's pretty sloppy work. That wasn't an
explicit recommendation of the Committee; that was what was tentatively
discussed several times. In the end though, I'm back where I was at the
beginning. I stated when we began this process that I was very interested
in it, but I did not want to jeopardize the VTA measure. I agree with
Mr. Guardino's analysis of the importance for the north county and west
county of the VTA measure. Frankly, the way the measure is set up for the
grade separation dollars to be divided between Sunnyvale and Palo Alto
grade separations, and that Palo Alto has the majority of those separations,
this is a very important measure for the future of Palo Alto transportation.
Council Member Holman was making the point that it swings six percent of
the Palo Alto vote, about a quarter of one percent of the county vote
according to the polling that we did. I don't know if that's like 1,200 votes
or thereabouts, somewhere in that ballpark. That's in the absence of a
strong oppositional campaign to this measure. At our last Committee
meeting, I made the statement that, after we heard that characterization
that a strong negative campaign against this measure would potentially spill
over against the VTA measure, what we really have is the business
community who would be willing to sink the VTA measure to kill this or to
not even kill it. On a futile effort to kill it, because we start with 65 percent
of the electorate being philosophically supportive of it. That's where we
stand. I don't count on the business community coming around. I would
                                                                          Page 85 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
