                          TRANSCRIPT
to close that off, because that's an emergency vehicle crossover. That's how
the Fire Department gets into Maybell from Fire Station 5. I have seen
frustrated drivers in SUVs who have a high enough road clearance go right
over that blockade and go out Clemo. Traffic is like water; it finds the
fastest path to get out. We do not—I say I am the people that I am
speaking for—do not want to see that pedestrian path or bicycle path or
egress into Maybell for the reasons of safety for the children and for the
reasons which you heard with the bike path discussion this evening, for the
privacy of the people how live in those homes. I don't think any of you
would want to have strangers walking along your side yards, looking through
your windows. That's what you're asking for when you put that pedestrian
path in there. As far as Clemo's concerned, let me just speak very quickly to
that. The question was raised as to the traffic on Clemo. The fire station is
right there at the corner of Clemo and Arastradero. The westbound side of
Clemo intersection is marked "keep clear." So is the area in front of the fire
station. The area in front of the fire station on the eastbound lane is marked
"keep clear." That means that when the traffic light at Coulombe turns red,
the traffic will stop and the drivers are legally supposed to leave that area
open. That makes it possible for the few cars that will be coming out of this
subdivision to make a left turn or right turn and proceed onto Arastradero.
In fact, there are cars coming out from Tan Towers now who do that every
day. That does not really represent a problem. I'd like to make a statement
for myself and for many of my neighbors. We would like to express our
support for the current plan by Golden Gate Homes for the development of
the site at 567 Maybell Avenue. It represents the culmination of a long,
almost unique collaborative effort between the developer and the community
to maintain the character of the neighborhood, to minimize the impact on
traffic and the local schools, and to protect the safety of the children on
what is a designated Safe Route to School on Maybell Avenue. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jerry Underdahl. I should
have mentioned in my questions—really for speakers, I would be interested
in and, I think, perhaps some of my colleagues would be interested on this
issue of the in-lieu fees as to whether the neighbors are proposing that, if
there were in-lieu fees, these affordable housing units would be built in other
areas of Palo Alto or whether they would embrace those fees being used for
the greater Barron Park area. If people want to wade in on that, I know I
would welcome hearing about that. Jerry Underdahl to be followed by Bob
Moss.

Jerry Underdahl: Good evening. I almost wish I could have four minutes to
talk, because I have a feeling I may be the only one presenting my point of
view in two minutes here. I have some deep concerns about how things
                                                                        Page 86 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
