                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: In that case, I've tipped my hand. When the time
comes, I will be ready.

Mayor Burt: One quick question I have. Did we run sensitivity numbers on
the upside?

Mr. de Geus: We did not.

Mayor Burt: We will now hear from members of the public. We have two
speakers. Each will have up to three minutes to speak. Our first is Sheila
Robinson, to be followed by Craig Allen. Welcome.

Sheila Robinson: Thank you for allowing me this opportunity and for your
ongoing support for the 2017-2021 Capital Improvement Program. I'm here
to voice appreciation for your interest in the golf course reconfiguration
project and to say thank you to the Finance Committee, the Community
Services Staff and to Brad Lozares. I'm glad to have this opportunity to
offer my support for the golf course construction contract, including the two
contract amendments. My presence here this evening is due in part to many
Palo Alto parents, parents who helped raise my two boys. My sons attended
Addison, Jordan and Palo Alto High School (Paly). Their classmates' parents
included Vic Ojakian, who coached YMCA basketball, and Don Way
[phonetic], who refereed their soccer games. I have a story to share about
my younger son, John, and the game of golf. The morning after Columbine
High School incident, my younger son said, "Mom, I don't want to go to
school today." I said, "I can understand that. I'll call you in." I called
Becky Shafer [phonetic] at Jordan Middle School and explained John's
absence. I told my son, "It's my birthday, so we can go to the garage, and
you can pick either fishing poles or the golf clubs. We'll take the day off."
He chose his grandfather's old set of golf clubs. We went up to Emerald Hills
Golf Course. While up on a tee box with a view of the Bay Area, he started
to cry. He said, "Mom, how could anybody do such a thing?" I said, "I don't
know. Let's just play golf." That was a life changing moment for both of us.
We both took up the game. Golf became very therapeutic for him. With
every good shot, he began to feel better. John went on to Paly High and
became most improved golfer on the team for three years and became top
seed golfer his senior year. Now John takes clients golfing. Golf was a
turning point for my son. Embracing golf empowered him emotionally,
physically and socially. I believe there are many students in the Palo Alto
school system that just don't know it yet, but they're going to love the game
of golf. There are many students currently embracing the game through the
first tee junior golf and high school athletics. In golf, you call penalties on
yourself. The competition is between you and the course. You have to take
                                                                       Page 106 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
