                         TRANSCRIPT
20 percent lower costs than the investor-owned utilities like Pacific Gas and
Electric (PG&E). We certainly have as strong of an economy as we want, so
there's not much of an argument against those directions.            You also
mentioned about integrating the transit systems. Our neighboring partner
here, Stanford, has the best private-public bus system locally. They've now
extended it outside the campus, but it's not really integrated in any way.
We have the Marguerite system and we have the VTA and we have the Palo
Alto shuttle and we have Caltrain. I think we've got to come to a point
where we are having at least one system here if not one system in
management. We tend to talk about things as alternative transportation,
but a lot of this is not so new. A hundred years ago in Palo Alto, we had an
electric trolley system running from Waverley Street up University Avenue
onto campus. Lo and behold, we had a shared electric transit system
between Stanford and Palo Alto. Maybe we have that kind of collaboration
on the horizon. One other thing is on the calculus of the benefits. You
talked about looking at that commute time that people look at. It's door-to-
door time that's a great deal. My wife is the one who finally got us to switch
2 1/2 years ago. She just said, "I'm not driving Downtown anymore. I go
around looking for a parking space, and I could have just ridden my bike and
parked in front of wherever I was going." Now, neither of us drive much at
all in town.      It's like 10 percent of the time.        People go, "That's
commendable you rode your bike." I said, "I might have driven, but I didn't
have time." That's a shifting mindset. Of course, that was compounded by
our worsening traffic. Really we need to add in not only the door-to-door
consideration, but the other factor that tipped it for me was trying to fit in
the time to go exercise. I literally had a bike at work, and I'd go from
California Avenue at midday or in the evening, go do my exercise riding.
Now, the transportation riding and the exercise riding are one and the same.
Perhaps for many people—it certainly was for me—it's door to door and then
subtracting the gym time or the recreational exercise that I otherwise would
be doing. When you look at that, you go, "Wait a minute. I was making
wrong choices for my own ease, benefit and time efficiency. I just wasn't
calculating things correctly." How we create those models and get that just
enlightened self-interest out there more, I think, is part of our challenge.
Anyway, you've really offered us a very thought-provoking presentation. I
think we and the audience greatly appreciate your working together. I
mentioned to you in our call earlier that we've had facilitated through
Friends of Caltrain kind of an Independent Study Group that has been going
off and on for a number of years, thinking differently about how Caltrain and
other transit-related areas can be run more efficiently. You added some new
thoughts to that, that I'd love for us to bring you into that conversation and
various others. I hope that we can continue to have you as a valued
member of our community of experts who really make this community rich
and make the Palo Alto process something not pejorative but enriching.
                                                                       Page 47 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
