                          TRANSCRIPT
into it, you'll see that there's a lot to it. There are a lot of projects in the
Capital Budget in '17 and '18. I could make the case that it would be
unlikely that we could expend the amount of money we have planned or
budgeted in any particular year. We will ultimately spend it, but whether we
will do so in that year. It was pretty difficult for us given the policy
directives and the pressure from the community for advancing on a lot of
different fronts, whether it's related to transportation, parking, road
improvement, and your own Capital Improvement Program. It was pretty
unavoidable for me to not propose a large Capital Improvement Budget.
You can see the next line really speaks specifically to the Infrastructure
Management Plan. That's the term we're using for the program that the
Council specifically adopted to redress a range of issues that the City's been
facing for years and coming out of the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee
(IBRC). Those include a new Public Safety Building, the Bike/Pedestrian
Plan, a new Downtown parking garage, a new California Avenue parking
garage, replacement of Fire Station Four, Fire Station Three, the Charleston-
Arastradero corridor improvements, the Byxbee Park completion, the
Highway 101 Bike and Pedestrian Bridge, and in addition a plan to establish
a $30 million reserve in this fund, taking it from $128 to $158 million for
anticipated cost increases. Again, those would be matters we'd have to
discuss through Finance and with the Council. $6.9 million in all funds for
the salary and benefit increased costs in Fiscal Year 2017. Those will
continue, and they will grow. A reserve—at least a one-time reserve for
now—we're calling a Budget Uncertainty Reserve. This is due to the fact
that there are a number of Capital and Operating Budgets still in flux at this
time that could require additional funding during the fiscal year. I'm
proposing it for 2017 to provide the flexibility to respond during the year to
those items. Next slide please. In order to get this year's budget to
balance, we had to, for reasons such as the items that I mentioned including
things like the street lighting transfer and other things—a series of one-time
budget balancing strategies to bridge the gap. I'm not happy with doing
this, but we are tapping $4.9 million out of the Budget Stabilization Reserve,
which would reduce it to 18 percent level. You've got a target of 18.5
percent but a range of 15-20 percent in your existing policies. We also
propose the use of savings from Internal Services Funds such as general
benefits, workers' comp, etc., through a one-time reduction in allocated
charges; $3.1 million in the General Fund and some other matters. The next
slide. This is just a grab-bag of costs or revenues in 2017 and some of them
beyond, some of which could carry on in an ongoing way. Others which are
not active in the proposed budget, but they are issues that are out there and
that we're facing. One obviously, transportation costs to mitigate traffic
issues. As we work through the budget, you'll see that there are a number
of funding proposals, whether it's on the staffing side or support for capital
implementation in traffic and parking issues, to be able to work on the wide
                                                                          Page 36 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
