                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Council Member Holman, just to point out that the civil
penalties referred to are one-time penalties that can be assessed by a court.
These are ongoing penalties that are assessed administratively.

Council Member Holman: I understand. It just seems like $2,000 is
nothing. If we can change the amounts, why not make it something that
amounts to something? $2,000 for destroying a historic building is really
nothing. The friendly amendment is to raise those $2,000 fees to $10,000
fees.

Ms. Stump: Council Member …

Vice Mayor Scharff: I need to understand—maybe you …

Ms. Gitelman: I just had a clarification. This is actually in the Staff Report,
but I think it's buried a little here. There are other sections of the Code that
allow us to impose or seek some kind of judgment against someone who
demolishes a historic building. We would likely make use of these other
provisions of the Code to seek another kind of settlement. The Code
actually says, "in a sum equal to the replacement value of the building or an
amount of the court's discretion, not to exceed $10,000." That provision is
already in the Code.

Council Member Holman: I understand. I never see it implemented,
though. I didn't see any harm in having the $10,000 also in the table.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let me just ask my clarifying question, if that's all right.
This is the question. Most of these are ongoing, daily penalties, and they
add up. If someone like Sand Hill Properties destroyed the historic structure
at Edgewood, do we fine them $2,000? How did that work? Is this a one-
time fee for destruction, and then you're done with the $2,000 or do we
know? If we raise it to $10,000, is it one-time $10,000 or is this on a daily
basis? How does that work?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we would potentially get into a dispute with someone
who had demolished a building about what exactly the appropriate penalty
would be. They would look at that other section of the Code and say
potentially replacement of the historic building. For the Edgewood Plaza
situation, we did deal with that in the second of the two PC Ordinances. I
can quickly look up and see what we got in that instance.

Mayor Burt: If I might wade in. Wasn't that because we had the discretion
of this second PC Ordinance that we could impose these things if it was just
a violation? What I just heard you say is it's replacement cost of the historic
structure or not to exceed $10,000. If somebody's got a big historic building
                                                                          Page 38 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
