                         TRANSCRIPT
a service, there's no data or there's no reputable peer-reviewed data. We
couldn't build a projection that we could stand behind. We believe the
impact is much larger than that, but we can't prove that at this point, so we
kept the numbers low for now.

Council Member Dubois: That's definitely useful. Again, I wasn't taking
those as guarantees. I know they're big targets. Just to get to 90 percent
EVs, it's going to be a lot more than installing charging locations throughout
the City. It's going to be incentives and …

Mr. Friend: It is. It's also presuming that the privately owned vehicle
population is likely to decline by then. We've already seen signs of that.
Vehicle purchases by 18-30 year olds in the United States peaked in 1983.
It's been coming down. The mix will change. The 90 percent is not 90
percent of the current vehicle base; it's 90 percent of what the base will be
then. Last year, we've seen a 45 percent growth in EVs. It's a very
dynamic situation.

Mayor Burt: Can I (crosstalk) with a follow-up question just on that
specifically? I've been encouraging for a year and a half, two years, that we
do a survey, probably through SurveyMonkey, that would ask the public
what type of emissions they have in their vehicle today, maybe miles per
gallon, and then what they anticipate will be the type of vehicle that will be
their next purchase and in what timeframe, and perhaps even what would be
the follow-on vehicle after that. That would give us the baseline information
and figure out how much do we need to try to move that dial based upon
both Palo Alto residents and to include Palo Alto workforces in that. We
have the two Transportation Management Associations (TMAs), and those
businesses that participate in it could participate in that survey. Without
that, we're really in a wild guess. We could move a very wild guess to
having a reasonable baseline. How people respond to a survey is not a
guarantee of what they will do, but it's certainly a lot more information than
what we have today about our particular population and these demographics
and these value structures. I guess I've been pushing for this long enough I
need to know whether I need to incorporate that into a Motion to get it
done.

Mr. Friend: I think your pushing has been successful. There are several
questions along those lines in our annual Citizens Survey that you'll be
seeing from the City Auditor later this year. I'm not sure when that comes
out. Several questions along these lines. I obviously can't quote the
numbers because it's still in process. I was encouraged by what I saw in the
draft.


                                                                       Page 38 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
