                          TRANSCRIPT
concerned about being pushed out.        Did you look at limiting the size of
medical office?

Mr. Lait: If you can just give me one second here.          Yeah, it looks like
medical is already limited to 5,000 square feet, I think.

Mayor Burt: Within SOFA, right?

Mr. Lait: I'm looking at the Zoning Code right now. I'd have to do a
separate search for SOFA. I'm sorry, Council Member Holman. Are you
specifically speaking to SOFA?

Council Member Holman: Overall.

Mr. Lait: Overall, okay. No, I guess, is the short answer. We thought it
may have been accounted for in the Code, but we can take a look at that. If
that's an interest in limiting the medical uses in SOFA II and Downtown, we
can certainly do that.

Council Member Holman:        I think I had one more question from the
presentation. Why is Staff considering going back to the 25 percent office
that the interim Ordinance didn't provide for?

Ms. Eisberg: That is an existing provision, and it could be used for a retail
use that has some ancillary office use or it could be a separate tenant space.
It wouldn't be an office fronting onto the sidewalk. It does allow for a little
extra flexibility for the tenant or the owner. That's just an existing provision
that's proposed to remain.          Yes, it's currently suspended under the
(crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: Yes, I understand.

Mr. Lait: We would just simply seek Council's direction as to whether or not
you want to continue to work with that (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: My question is why would we continue with that if
we haven't had it in the interim Ordinance. We can address that later. Last
question is Page 15 of the presentation.      I see all these stakeholder
meetings, but I don't see anywhere small business owners.

Ms. Eisberg: We are proposing to meet with property owners, business
owners. We didn't call out small business owners specifically, but that
wasn't intentional. We're hoping to reach out to many different types of
business owners.


                                                                        Page 58 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
