                          TRANSCRIPT
important. Is there a group of them that should be considered and brought
back to the Council first, and a second group maybe be in a Phase Two? I
don't know the answer to that, but I think it may be a way that we want to
look at this, so that we can move forward sooner on the things that are
either more important or less contentious. Maybe there aren't things in
either of those categories. I was encouraged by hearing more information
on what we have going from Santa Clara County and their draft proposal and
the consideration that's gone into it and also the reference to the
International Association of Chiefs of Police and their policy framework. I
wondered, Chief Burns, if you might be able to shed any light on whether
you've had a chance to look at this Memo in the context of the International
Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) technology policy framework. Are they
roughly aligned? Do you see areas that are different or are they moving in
the same direction generally?

Dennis Burns, Police Chief: Good evening, Mayor, members of the Council.
It's been a while since I read that. Generally, I believe that what you're
proposing, Council Member Wolbach's Memo, is consistent. I think the idea
of having the conversation in advance, establishing the values of the
community and setting standards is very prudent. I encourage you all in
considering this, and I hope this moves forward to Policy and Services.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Just had a couple of smaller questions. This may
be just verbiage precision. It says the recommendation is to refer this to the
Policy and Services Committee to discuss. Ordinarily, it would be to consider
and make recommendations. When this comes in the form of a motion, I'd
want to see the clarification on what is the intended role of the Policy and
Services Committee. Under Item Four, listed under the areas for Policy and
Services Committee (P&S) to discuss, there's a reference that the
Committee should survey the existing field of regulations. I didn't know
whether the intention was the Committee would do that research or the
Committee would rely on the Staff research and review it. Of course,
Council Members will often do their own supplemental research. What's the
primary thrust of that is and the intent? Item Number Five under that, I
wasn't really clear about the relationship between what was intended here
between the community interest in smart city initiatives, which we've kind of
had some discussion about, and security of persons and property. It was a
pretty convoluted sentence that didn't link two halves of that. I inferred that
there was an intention to reconcile those two directions, but I couldn't
gather that from the sentence. I don't need to wordsmith it. I just want to
know what's the intent there. When this comes back for a motion, maybe
that clarification could come as well. I think that covers the bulk of my
questions. I will be interested in understanding how much of this focus is
around personally identifiable information and whether that needs to be the
                                                                         Page 61 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
