                          TRANSCRIPT
reconsider the plan to reduce the number of permits until Phase Two has
had a chance to really work. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Victor Sanchez, to be
followed by Harris Barton. Is Victor here?

Female: (inaudible)

Council Member Schmid:      Thank you.    Harrison Barton to be followed by
Thomas Rindfleisch.

Harris Barton: Good afternoon. My name's Harris Barton. My wife and I
and four kids live in Professorville. We've lived here for close to 20 years in
Palo Alto. One thing I really want to do is I want to thank the Council for its
quick and crisply moving from Phase One to Phase Two. We were involved
in Phase One, and the quality of life on our street has changed dramatically
from a parking lot to really more of a neighborhood again. I want to thank
the Staff and the Council for implementing the initial policy. I want to make
a statement regarding low-wage workers. We are strong believers that they
should have a place to park. It's important to our community to have the
restaurants and stores, and people that employ them need places to park.
Many of the people that have spoken have said that. I also believe the
draw-down is critical. If you look through the statement, there's two tiers of
draw-down, high-wage employees and low-wage employees. We firmly
believe the drawn-down needs to be from the high-wage employees. Better
yet, employees with low wages should get free parking. Downtown Palo Alto
has become a parking lot for an office complex. We need to get it back to
the City we all love and respect. Thank you very much for listening. Again,
thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Thomas Rindfleisch,
to be followed by Unmesh Sahasrabuddhe.

Thomas Rindfleisch: Good afternoon. I'm Tom Rindfleisch across from
Eleanor Pardee Park. I've lived in Palo Alto for over 30 years. I addressed
you at the midnight meeting, arguing for a resident-only permit system. We
seem to be headed down a different path. I wanted to comment on this new
path. We all, I think, agree that Palo Alto is an ideal place to live. We're
here for a variety of reasons, professional, personal, business. What we
want is an ecosystem in which these various aspects of our community
thrive.   I fear what has happened through a number of unfortunate
development decisions in the past is that the ecosystem has gotten out of
balance. Last week, I heard—in the February 1st meeting—comments that
the number of streets applying for the RPP program gives an indication of
the enthusiasm for the community for that program. I think there's an
                                                                         Page 21 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
