                          TRANSCRIPT
stay in a park; whether it has a high level of use; and whether or not there
are nearby public restrooms available. Palo Alto currently has 14 parks that
have restrooms. There are seven parks without restrooms that meet the
criteria I just mentioned in this policy. Much like dog parks, these restroom
ideas are not shovel-ready. They would still need to go through funding
analysis and conduct again that same necessary outreach to see if the
neighborhoods supported these projects.

Ms. Schmitt: Another aspect of the Plan are the site concept plans. Early
on, the idea was let's bring this down to the ground and show how some of
these ideas would play out across the existing park system. What we did is
we looked at each and every site and looked at how might we fit new
amenities, new facilities into the existing sites and how would that lay out on
the ground. Then, we took all of that out to the community, because that's
what really makes it real to people. When you are doing a 20-year plan, it
seems out there in the future, not really very related to your everyday life.
Starting back in May through the summer, through a couple of in-person
events as well as online, people were able to interact with these ideas for
the parts they cared about the most and provide feedback. We heard a lot
of really great feedback about some of the issues like restrooms and dog
parks as well as some of the new ideas that we're still processing. A couple
of examples of those. Eleanor Pardee Park, this one took a look at could we
put a dog park here. How might we up the value of the sports field? How
might we fit a few new amenities in there? We took that out to the public.
Another example is Peers Park. You can see Peers Park, based on our
existing analysis of that site, really had a lot of opportunity to bring new
ideas into it, including some kind of active use, also potentially a dog park,
another picnic area, looking at a different level of sports field. As I
mentioned, we're still sorting out the feedback from the public. Over all, I
looked at all of the comments, very positive and a lot of refinements, could
you consider this. One of the things, though, that you'll see moving forward
is we've looked more carefully at what does it mean to have a concept in the
Master Plan. What we're going to do with those is make them be a
companion piece for the Master Plan. The document that you adopt will
contain the policy guidance. These ideas will become a companion reference
that we'll use as we go forward with the capital improvement processes
because of the timing. Some of these projects may be five years down the
road. Some of the ideas may change about what constitutes an active use
desired facility. The other thing that we're thinking very carefully about are
what we've termed unique opportunity sites. These are some really unique
opportunities—land that you already own—to expand the system. They are
really once-in-a-lifetime opportunities. Every single one of them is a great
opportunity and is also a really long-term project. We're thinking very

                                                                         Page 5 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
