                          TRANSCRIPT
that. This, for me, is one of the biggest concerns. Last year we were
dealing with Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. One of the biggest concerns
was displacement of those people, where would those students go to school
and where would those people go. This imposes on the County funding to
find alternative locations for these people to live. In what communities and
how far away and in what school districts will those students go? For me,
this is a devastating aspect of this proposal that is here in the Governor's
proposal. There's also—a question for Staff. I'll pick a simple one, second
units. We have zoning that restricts second units to go into X-size parcels.
Does zoning also include development standards? I just want to make sure
that—it's not clearly stated in this.       Are they including development
standards with zoning?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, they are including—I'll find the terminology that they
use. They're including development standards. It's in an early paragraph.
The development is consistent with the following objective planning
standards: land use and building intensity designation applicable to the site
under the general plan and Zoning Code, land use and density or other
objective zoning standards, and any setback or objective design review
standards.

Council Member Holman:       You read design review standards the same as
development standards?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. I think it's clear that the intent is if a project conforms
with development standards in the Zoning Ordinance, then it would have to
be approved.

Council Member Holman: All right.

Ms. Silver: If I could just amplify on that. This bill uses the term objective
standards. Sort of more subjective standards like our context-based zoning
requirements would be more difficult to implement under this bill. That's
one of the concerns.

Council Member Holman: Also, mixed use. This is, without going into detail,
referencing the comments that were made earlier about—I think Council
Member Berman brought it up. It still results in the potential to create more
housing demand than housing units. Square footage does not indicate how
many units there would be. You could have 5,000 square feet of retail and
5,000 square feet of housing, but you could have two housing units and the
demand for—what is that? How many jobs is that? Twenty? Quick math.
Something like that. I go through this, and I just find all kinds of things that
are really counterproductive.

                                                                            Page 40 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
