                          TRANSCRIPT
optimized and you make it electronic, you make a less optimized electronic
process. I think as we more and more embrace this, we have to refine that,
and we have to identify the bugs. We do provide training to users, and the
vendor provides training.     Lastly, I think your question was are bugs
identified and fixed. For example, right now there is a little bug in one part
of it. We alert the vendor to that. We tell them it's a priority. They will
resolve it soon. The last point, though, about this is the product is made by
a company called PublicStuff. It was recently acquired by Accela who do our
permitting software. It is what's called multi-tenancy which means if one
city wants a benefit that they adopt; every city sees the benefit of that
feature. The system we use is used by several hundred cities in the United
States, so we benefit from any bugs that are discovered and fixed for
everybody. We benefit from any new features. Any one of us can also
recommend features too. It has that function within the app.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. A lot of good stuff. I know we're using
Open Government for some of our stuff. Where do they fit in? Maybe you
could talk a little bit about some of the tools you're using on open data
(crosstalk).

Mr. Reichental: Open City Hall or Open Gov. in Redwood City, which one?

Mr. Keene: Open Gov., right?

Council Member DuBois: Open Gov., yeah.

Mr. Reichental: We have the unique distinction of having co-created that
solution that is used by over 500 cities today. It started in Lalo's office with
me and Lalo and two enterprising students from Stanford. Today it's a big
success story. We use it. It's on our finance website.

Council Member DuBois: It's just financial data like the other numeric data.
We just use other tools?

Mr. Reichental: Open Gov. today is solely focused on actuals and budgeted
numbers.    However, they will have to tell market place (inaudible)
themselves, but they certainly have ambitions beyond that.

Council Member DuBois: Are we using open source platforms for some of
the other tabular data that we're reporting?


                                                                         Page 11 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
