                         TRANSCRIPT
the meetings to get to the action steps much quicker.       Hopefully that could
really have an impact on the length of meetings.

Mayor Burt: At the risk of sounding facetious, I've heard that we want shorter
meetings and fewer meetings. I've heard very little about reducing the number
of subjects that we want to tackle nor the amount of oversight that we would
do. I haven't quite figured out how these recommendations from everybody
would get reconciled. We're still going to have the same number of Action
Items unless we figure out that some of those we're either going to put off or
that we're going to reduce the scope or breadth or depth of how we'll be
addressing them. I left out we want our colleagues to speak less but not
ourselves. That's the other important one. It basically points back to that
these are not simple solutions. We did have this meeting last Monday that was
all Study Sessions. I also like kind of having that. That basically allows us to
have something—we don't have to call things Retreats or even Committees as a
Whole, but they're opportunities to be thoughtful and not debating so much and
not having to get into the sausage making of legislation in real time that the
City Manager was talking about. I think there is merit to that. We do need to
recognize that saying that the four meeting of a month will be for that purpose,
if we went in a direction like that, does not in any way reduce the number of
Action Items that we have before us. It hasn't really solved that problem, even
though I think it has merit as a way to structure what we do. I think it is better
to have Study Sessions grouped around common subjects and to have just a
temper to a given meeting that is around thoughtful discussion rather than
having to force forward legislation in real time. I think that one of the things
that as we get in toward a wrap-up in the coming minutes, whether we are
going to have—someone was mentioning a whole bunch of Retreats throughout
the year. Committee as a Whole started getting morphed into Retreats, and
there might be some similarities, but they're not quite the same. Either way,
one of the things that the City Manager and I had talked about is the need for
us to have perhaps on a quarterly basis where we say since we last met, we
had the Staff work plan. These two things have been completed. They come
off the work plan. The Council has just given direction for four new things.
Two other things have to be pushed out if those new things are all going to be
added in this coming year or whatever timeframe we agree on. We have to
have that kind of deliberative process, deliberate process I should say, so that
we aren't just piling on and then being frustrated that Staff didn't do everything
we piled on when we're not being responsible in terms of the structure. We
need the feedback from Staff that says we now understand that these items are
larger than we thought they were. We now have looked into them. As a
Council, you asked us to pursue a given item. We went back two weeks later
as Staff came back and said this is going to take more than we said on the fly
on that Monday night. Somehow we need a process to be able to continue to
recognize how changes to the work plan get restructured and a common
                                                                         Page 68 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
