                         TRANSCRIPT
Permit Parking program. I think we need to prioritize Evergreen and
Southgate. I'm open to a conversation about the differences between those
two plans. I need my colleagues to tell me where those people are going to
park. Is it going to be Ventura? Is it going to be across Caltrain? How are
we going to provide parking for them? I need to know that we before I can
vote for a plan that just eliminates the ability for them to park completely.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I have a question for Staff. As I
heard the Staff comments and as I read what the at-places memo was and
what the Slide 25 is, it looks like what's in the proposed budget is $30,000
plus $50,000 of what the actual need is—let's just assume it's what's being
proposed here—$300,000 and $380,000 for a total of $680,000. Can you
confirm or clarify for me what those numbers are?

Ms. Atkinson: The numbers that are contained in the proposed Fiscal Year
'17 budget are actually in the draft budget. There's a line item in the draft
budget for $30,000 for in-house Staff for capital expenses. There's a line
item in the draft budget for $300,000 for capital expenditures for RPP in
Fiscal Year '17. There's a line item in the draft operating budget for $50,000
for the operating expenses. That's what's in the draft budget currently.
There's a total in the draft budget of $380,000.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for clarifying that.         What's needed
according to these numbers is $680,000. Correct?

Ms. Gitelman: The cost will depend on how many of these programs you
wish to do and how we implement them, the details of how the programs are
designed.

Council Member Holman: That's why I said just based on what's here on
this slide, it's $680,000 that's needed. You said $380,000 is in the proposed
budget. That helps. Where to start? It would be easier if the Crescent Park
neighborhood had come across with that application to be just added to the
Downtown. I agree with Council Member Scharff who said that. Some quick
and easy outreach to them to see if they would accept that would be the
quickest solution to that one. As is in the memo drafted by four of us, we
talk about how a RPP program is really necessary because it's how you get—
I think one of the speakers mentioned this too—office workers out of their
cars and into alternative forms of transportation. There are also a number
of projects that have been approved in the California Avenue area and other
places in town that got parking reductions because of TDM program
requirements as a part of their approval process.         When projects are
approved, though, and after they're built, it seems like the parking situation
                                                                       Page 97 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
