                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff:      I also enthusiastically support this.        I'm a little
concerned about the timing. I heard that East Palo Alto has a moratorium.
I think they need us to move fairly quickly; that's not something we're not
known for. I wanted us to think through a little bit the process. It's fine if
we send it to one of the Committees, but it'd be nice if we came back to
Council fairly quickly after that. I don't want it to languish. I've been
thinking a little bit. Typically something like this actually wouldn't go to
Policy and Services. This is more of a Utilities issue. All Utilities issues go to
Finance. We obviously could send it to Policy and Services. In terms of
understanding water and understanding all of those issues, those always
come to Finance. I think that's something we should think about. The other
thing we could think about—the other thing that's really incumbent upon
Staff is I assume there's a lot of complicated issues, both legal and
technical, in doing this. The real trick to this is being able to get the Staff
work all put together and the questions answered and then getting to Policy
and Services and then getting to Council. I guess I wanted to get a sense
from Staff whether or not that's the best route or is the best route, instead
of going to a Committee, to come to Council either as a Study Session or
possibly for action for some directions. I assume it could be a two-step
process. Not all the questions will be answered. I don't know. I'm looking
at what's the most efficient process that Staff might want to use on this.

Mr. Keene: Can I jump in, give it a try? I think the technical and legal
issues we have to work through are, in one sense, uncomplicated in that
we're just going to have to work through those. The variable is any
additional policy considerations that the Council needs to weigh in on. The
issue, for example, of are there some potential assurances as it relates to
not having to use groundwater or as much because of this supply, are there
other goals that you would like to be able to talk about, those sorts of
things. I don't see any of those things really having a bearing on the
mechanics of how we have to craft an agreement. It's more to get the
direction so that East Palo Alto would know what the terms would be and we
would roughly know what the terms would be. I think we could do the
analytical work on the technical and legal issues in parallel with those
discussions. In many respects, I would assume that if the Council gives us a
directive here we would start doing that work now. Do you know what I
mean? As Staff, even beforehand and be prepared for the policy discussion
that you would want to have. The only other thing I would throw out
there—I don't know if there's an issue with the UAC. After the Council has
settled on anything, whether you think there's a need for it or whether the
urgency potentially of the time is that we want to keep this just at the
Council. You may want to clarify that.
                                                                           Page 77 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/5/16
