                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to add to the Motion, “return to the jobs housing balance
of 2.5 jobs for each employed resident.”

Council Member Schmid: Let me make the case. If you look at the history
of Palo Alto going through Comprehensive Plan discussions, in 1988 we had
the Citywide Land Use and Transportation Study. It came after a two year
moratorium and was to deal with the traffic and parking issue. This had on
Page One a solution, Transportation Demand Management. It says that this
is a way along with some rezoning of getting us out of the traffic and parking
issue we had. It did not have a very concrete output; although, it said
something about doubling the number of workers that were using
Transportation Demand Management. It didn't work. Ten years later, while
they're following the Comp Plan that we're currently in, they came up with a
notion of a University Avenue Parking Assessment District. Let's build some
garages. The business community got around that. They said, "We'll build
garages, form this assessment district, build garages.." They added 700
spaces. In a funny clause in there, they got parking rights to 9,100 spaces
which they are still using. Plans that don't have concrete, measurable goals
have problems. Over the last decades in Palo Alto, we're in the same
situation they were in the late '80s and the late '90s. We have this traffic,
density, parking issue. We need concrete measures of solutions. Proposal is
let's have at least one concrete measure of a jobs/employed resident ratio
which is reduced from its current level.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois. You seconded that, right? Wolbach,
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: This gets back to kind of what I was trying to
suggest. Thank you for making it more articulately than I did. I'd actually
suggest a slight tweak, which would be "to study a return" or using the
language you used earlier in the motion "to evaluate return to the
jobs/housing balance of 2.5 jobs." Would you be okay with that minor
change?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member Wolbach to add to the Motion, “evaluate a return to the jobs
housing balance of 2.5 jobs for each employed resident.”

Council Member Wolbach: I've spoken enough as to why this is important.

Mayor Burt: I'm going to actually speak at this time. I want to make sure
that we're really understanding the ramifications of this, and it may simplify
                                                                        Page 77 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
