                         TRANSCRIPT
the Council's direction, exploring regulating hazardous materials uses in
industrial districts that exceed the kind of threshold quantities that are
normally regulated. We call them the Certified Unified Program Agency
(CUPA) quantities when they're close to sensitive receptors. We also want
to provide for amortization and eventual termination of nonconforming uses
under the proposed regulations. Back in November, you asked us to prepare
two draft Ordinances for review by the Planning Commission and
consideration by the Council. One of the Ordinances was to define three
tiers of hazardous materials users and adding regulations for that second
tier, Tier Two, that we're going to talk about, particularly when those uses
are in proximity to sensitive receptors. You also asked us to ensure that the
same Ordinance would effectively prohibit Tier Three uses. This was an
addition that the Council made in November that we felt was terrific and has
been incorporated into the first Ordinance that we're going to talk about this
evening. The second Ordinance, per your direction, should include an
amortization schedule for the Tier Two uses that don't conform with the first
Ordinance. You instructed us that while moving forward with the two
Ordinances, explore the potential for an agreement that would eliminate the
CPI plating shop from the site sooner than provided in the Draft Amortization
Schedule which essentially allows it to be relocated onsite but doesn't force
it to be removed from the site. We're going to talk about that more in a
minute. This is a project that goes back a long way. I'm not going to revisit
this whole timeline that we discussed back in November. I should note that
the Planning Commission hearing and recommendation occurred on
January 27th. Staff has had to make some minor typographical changes and
edits to both Ordinances since then. We recently forwarded to you a second
or alternate version of the Amortization Ordinance that we're going to talk
about in some depth this evening. The first Ordinance would make zoning
changes that apply in industrial districts of Palo Alto It would define three
tiers of hazardous materials users, define sensitive receptors and establish a
minimum distance between Tier Two hazardous materials uses and sensitive
receptors. It would prohibit Tier Three hazardous materials users and it
would address amortization of nonconforming uses. It makes a modest
change to the nonconforming use section of the Code. It also makes
conforming amendments to the Fire Code. This is a map that shows the
industrial districts of Palo Alto, where the first Ordinance would apply. I
have a couple of slides that summarize requirements in the existing
Municipal Code, so this is just by way of context. Currently, the Municipal
Code regulates two different categories or tiers, we're calling them, of
hazardous materials users. The first one which we're now calling Tier One
are businesses that use hazardous materials above the CUPA quantities. We
talk about what CUPA is in the Staff Report. Effectively, these uses are
found all over Palo Alto. The Code requires that they report and provide
hazardous materials business plans. They have to provide notice in some
                                                                        Page 24 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
