                         TRANSCRIPT
even though it's just typical metal racks with a map kiosk at the end. This
system is in use in Santa Monica, Portland, Phoenix, Tampa, Florida, as well
as Long Beach, California. There's a couple of other manufacturers that
emulate this, but Social Bicycles is the largest manufacturer of this type of
technology. The other two are Zagster and nextbike. Nextbike rolled out in
Pittsburgh last year. Zagster is mainly on college campuses and office parks
and business campuses. Just wanted to touch on—sometimes safety comes
up when we talk about bike sharing. A study by the Mineta Institute that
actually just came out a couple of months ago looked at the history of
collisions on bike shares throughout the United States and determined that
they're actually safer than personal bicycles. People tend to take extra care
when riding a bike-share bike. That's despite a pretty low helmet usage,
because people don't typically carry helmets around with them when they're
at work and they're visiting, when people would otherwise use a bike share
system. As you know, we're part of the Bay Area Bike Share regional pilot.
This was a five-city program that was rolled out in 2013 with 700 bicycles
and 70 stations. Palo Alto has five of those 70 stations. It was launched
with Transportation Fund for Clean Air monies that were distributed by the
Bay Area Air Quality Management District. It was always intended to be a
pilot. It was generally envisioned to get something on the ground, get bike
share out there, see where it works. It was really about getting something
on the ground quickly. The main goal of that program was to serve as last-
mile connectivity from Caltrain stations. That's why there are a whole host
of stations located along the Caltrain corridor in the Peninsula. Our five
stations are mostly concentrated in the areas around the Palo Alto Caltrain
station and the California Avenue Caltrain station. Our system was originally
envisioned to also include stations on the Stanford campus. That did not
occur. There were some issues with the technology as well as the aesthetics
that led to the Stanford stations being removed from the original pilot. We
were left with three stations kind of along the University Avenue Corridor,
and then two stations along the Park Boulevard Corridor. By any measure,
this is a pretty poorly designed bike share system. You don't have a density
of coverage. You're really limited to traveling just a couple of blocks from
the Caltrain stations. As you would expect, our usage has been fairly low.
These numbers reflect our trip data from September 1st, 2014 to
August 31st, 2015, roughly a one year period. As you can see San Francisco
has about two and a half trips per bike per day, while Palo Alto only has 0.17
trips per bike per day. The kind of threshold that a lot of systems look to
get to is at least one trip per bike per day. We're not even close to that
when we look at this data. However, Redwood City has performed a little bit
less successfully than we have. Mountain View is a little bit better; Mountain
View has a couple of stations over in the Baylands east of 101. I think that's
where a lot of their ridership comes from, folks going from Caltrain to the
job centers along the Baylands. It is getting a little better. I pulled data
                                                                          Page 4 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
