                         TRANSCRIPT
the sidewalk between Fernando Avenue and Matadero Creek, namely
telephone poles 1304, 1298, 7019, 1296 and 1295. The stop sign is located
at the corner of Lambert and Park Boulevard. We would like you to take a
review of this and to see how these obstructions could be removed to
promote walkability and also to avoid ADA lawsuits, because these narrow
gaps are really hard to navigate through if you're in a wheelchair or if you
have a stroller or even if you are a regularly built person. Some of them, I
had a little orientation issues, so here's a perfect telephone pole.
Unfortunately that's the side of it. Try to imagine yourself going sideways.
Let's have a look at that. That looks like it's about 30 inches. 1304, let's
have a look at that one. That one is also about 30 inches. We can blow
these all up.      These are all available at the Ventura Neighborhood
Association website, that would be venturapaloalto.org. Looks like I have to
go. Thank you for your kind attention. We really do hope that something
can be done. I'm sure the City Manager is fully capable of taking a look at
this. I appreciate that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sea Reddy, to be followed by
Jeff Levinsky. Welcome.

Sea Reddy:        Honorable Mayor and the citizens of Palo Alto and the
neighborhoods, I have two things to bring it up. Today is the 110th
anniversary of the earthquake that we had in San Francisco area. That
impacted a lot of communities around here including Redwood City. There is
an article about it. Coinciding with that, we had an earthquake in Japan, we
had an earthquake in Ecuador. I think we all need to remind ourselves that
there is a little bit we could do, be prepared when things happen. We don't
know when. I have signed up with KQED, and I have one of these things. I
keep it with me and my family. Some of these are—most of you have been
trained. This is not the only place you can get this kit. Be aware of it. We
would like to be all safe as much as possible. Thank you. The second item
is we had an incident in Sunnyvale that was an apartment fire where 100
people, 100 families. It's so sad. It impacts one of my friends, Marshall
Childs [phonetic], lives in that community. His apartment is not impacted,
but he is out of there. There's a lot of people in our neighborhood helping.
I'd like you to be kind, nice and consider donating and helping our
neighbors. It's all about helping each other. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jeff Levinsky, to be followed
by our final speaker, Neilson Buchanan. Welcome.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council Members. Many
of us have awaited the Business Registry data to understand and help solve
the parking, traffic and other troubles in our City. The Information Report

                                                                        Page 8 of 93
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 4/18/16
