                          TRANSCRIPT

Vice Mayor Scharff: No. When you mean the BART negotiation, you say a
20 percent cap, no.

Council Member DuBois: I'm saying if the word cap was not in there.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I may. I think we need to end up with a cap for BART.
I don't know what that number is. It may take 1.4 billion to finish BART.

Council Member DuBois: That's what's there, or 1.2 billion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We have 1.2 billion. I think we need to further vet that.
I think it's in all of our interests to make sure we end up with a measure that
is supported by the County. Obviously finishing BART to San Jose is
something that's really important to San Jose. San Jose is a large part of
this county.

Council Member DuBois: We haven't talked about BART to Santa Clara. I
think we're all saying BART to San Jose.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that we're going to have other opportunities to
talk about this. I think that we need to leave ourselves some room. I think
we have to wait and see the Leadership Group's response, frankly, which
they'll be coming out with in a fair amount of time.

Council Member DuBois:       Again, what I was trying to do was to
communicate kind of (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Carl's right there if you want to communicate.

Council Member DuBois: I think he's hearing me. I think we've captured
part of it in that we've called out grade seps and BART. I guess, the other
part of it kind of where are we willing to give. Pat, as our representative, do
you feel like you have enough?

Mayor Burt: Yes. This is going to be fluid. It's going to come back to the
Council.   It's whatever emerges as a next iteration for a full Council
discussion. I think that as we've discussed previously as a Council, this is
probably our best opportunity to get really major funding for grade
separations.    Out of the other parties that are involved with Caltrain
modernization whether it's Caltrain or the High Speed Rail Authority as they
come, in each case they support grade separations philosophically, but it has
not to date been part of their priority funding plan that they would come
with those dollars. This is going to be real important. At the same time, I
                                                                         Page 89 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
