                          TRANSCRIPT
illustration that the Planning Director gave could be such a situation, a
smaller structure where the amount of the fine far exceeds the value. Since
this applies to a variety of structures from very small to quite substantial,
that is an issue.

Mayor Burt: Under the other section that Director Gitelman had cited, it said
that it could be up to the replacement costs of the structure, not to exceed
$10,000. That was my concern. We have another issue that has evolved.
If we could exercise these as daily penalties, then it could exceed the value
of the structure. In that case, it seems like we should cap it at the
replacement costs of the structure. I'd have another question. Mr. Yang
had said that these could be daily on the demolition until it's replaced.
That's interesting, but I've never heard that interpretation on a penalty for a
demolition. If that is the case and what we want, then it seems like we
would want to clarify our language that that's permissible unless it's
unambiguous. I'm intrigued by that, but I'm concerned that there might be
some ambiguity that could put us in legal jeopardy unless it's crystal clear in
a way I didn't understand. We're now re-examining a bunch of things.
What was suggested to us is that we could break this up into two parts: the
changes that we're clear on tonight and the things that we'd like to have
returned to the Council so that we can discuss them in greater depth
subsequently and identify those. I would suggest that unless we're clear on
what we want to do, we put them in a second bucket as areas that we
request to be returned to the Council for additional consideration. Does that
sound right?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I might have some concerns about that.

Ms. Stump: Perhaps another way to approach it, given how crowded the
Council's calendars are in the nearer term, unless you are specifically
uncomfortable with an item that's before you, you could adopt the whole
group and then ask to come back to re-look at and supplement.

Mayor Burt: That's what I was meaning.

Ms. Stump: I see. Not to take them out, but to …

Mayor Burt: That's not what I said.

Ms. Stump: I see. It seems like the Council is particularly interested maybe
in an item around historic structures and how we treat historic structures.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, if I just might say. I think your Motion is saying this.
I think it would be good to act on the adoption of this first, and then have
this subsequent discussion about what some of these items are. I'm
                                                                         Page 40 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
