                          TRANSCRIPT
You could look at how we could decouple parking from that. We could have
it so they couldn't get a parking permit if you had a unit there. I think micro
units, for instance, should be rental housing, should not be for sale for a
whole host of reasons I don't think we need to go into necessarily. People
will move out of them; you don't want people that's going to be raising
families in micro units. I think we want to think carefully through those kind
of things and look at that. I do want to move forward on Accessory Dwelling
Units (ADUs). I know Staff's working on it. I'm hoping we're continuing to
work on it, given that we had a Colleagues Memo and a vote on that to
move forward. Of these priorities on Packet Page 7, the one I think is funny
enough is one with the least priorities is probably the land assembly
incentives, but yet that's what we agreed to do in the Comprehensive Plan,
so I think we have to do it. From my point of view, I would not be
supportive of reduced parking unless it is in areas in which you are going to
not need that parking. I don't want people to be parking in neighborhoods
and exacerbate the parking issues we had. I would not be supportive of
reducing retail requirements. Height or density are all location specific for
me. I wouldn't want to have a blanket rule that says we could do greater
height on these or greater density. I might at some point be okay with
affordable housing overlay zones, but in general I have strong concern
that—we have the rules for a reason. If the rules that we're going to change
are going to make things worse in those particular projects for the people
that either live there or for the community as a whole, I wouldn't support
that. I think that we want to basically build as much housing as we can
without having impacts to the community. Therefore, I think we want to
think carefully about why we have the rules and what we're doing with
them. I also want us to look at eliminating or the reasons why we have
special setbacks throughout the City. I understand from a lot of people that
special setbacks are a cause to make it difficult to actually building on sites
and things like that. I want to look at that. I am supportive of Downtown in
lots of times of possibly moving towards looking at your Floor Area Ratio
(FARs) and envelope and not having a number of unit count and letting
people decide how they want to do that. I would be supportive in places like
Downtown, but probably not other places, of having different height limits
for that if you built within the FAR zone. I actually think you get some very
attractive buildings I've seen Downtown which are much higher than 50 feet.
I'm not thinking a lot; I'm thinking like a 65-foot height limit. They're within
the FAR, so you can do more with that. You have more of a form-based
zoning that creates much more attractive buildings as opposed to building
these boxy things that are completely designated by your building envelope.
I think that gets to Mayor Holman's point about attractive design. Again, in
terms of unbundling parking, I'm only willing to unbundle the parking if
we're not going to have impacts on the neighborhoods and the people
actually aren't going to have cars. I think that's very location specific. Co-
                                                                         Page 82 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
