                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: They would not pay any assessment?

Mr. Lait: It's not about paying the assessment. It's about when we look at
our District Map, it defines an area. Our Code relates to that map, and it
says for properties within this area this is the parking standard that you
apply irrespective of assessment fees or things of that nature.

Council Member DuBois: We're saying there's less parking because we've
typically assessed and built a garage, but we're not currently assessing, but
we're still allowing less parking.

Mr. Lait: I would say that. It is correct that we are assessing less parking
for properties that are currently designated as within the Parking District
area.

Council Member DuBois: Maybe that's a little bit out of date.

Mr. Lait: I think that there's perhaps a policy conversation to take place
about that.

Council Member DuBois: I guess my last question. Thank you for going
quickly.   I saw there was some discussion about making the TDM
enforceable. I wasn't clear on the final proposal how enforceable it is.
Maybe you could just speak to that.

Mr. Lait: What we're looking for is—I don't have the condition in front of
me. The idea is that we've heard the Council, and we don't want to just
have a TDM plan that is approved and then nobody looks at it again. It's
one that would have annual reporting and be subject to City penalties if
they're not meeting that TDM standard. We would require an annual report
of that. Jodie's got the—is this the standard here? It's Condition Number 8
on what is Packet Page 70. It talks about requiring the TDM for that portion
of office development that's over 5,000 square feet. The TDM plan and
monitoring and reporting requirements may be revised if the minimum
reduction is not achieved through the measures of the program as initially
implemented. Projects that do not achieve the required reduction may be
subject to daily penalties as set forth in the City's fee schedule.

Council Member DuBois: I did see that part about only the portion that
exceeds 5,000. As a mixed-use building TDM, would it apply to the retail or
the residential or 5,000 feet of office?

Mr. Lait: We could look at a broader TDM measure. Where the Planning and
Transportation Commission was looking for a TDM to address the reduced
parking amount, we took that a little bit further to go for the amount above
                                                                      Page 19 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/23/16
