                         TRANSCRIPT
polling and conduct a first round of polling” after “designated ad hoc
committee.”

Mayor Burt: I guess the final question is if we're talking about having
performed the polling, that 4 weeks is probably aggressive, as much as I
want to move quickly.

Mr. Keene: I would suggest it's more open ended. It is clearly as quickly as
possible, because that's going to be dependent upon a number of factors.

Mayor Burt: I think we know that if we don't get back quickly, we may lose
an opportunity.

Council Member Schmid: Yes. If you want to reach the November ballot.

Mayor Burt: Can we go ahead and leave open the timing but with a clear
understanding we're going to be moving as quickly as we can?

Council Member Schmid: As soon as possible.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “within four weeks” with
“as soon as possible.”

Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene, any—I'm trying to recall past polling costs.

Mr. Keene: I don't know. I'm assuming in any case—I'm counting on it
being an initial round of polling to be such that it's within the spending
authority that I have and the process for just concluding the contract
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: We don't have to put it in the Motion then. All right. Council
Member Schmid, did you wish to speak any more?

Council Member Schmid: No.

Mayor Burt: I'm fine with not speaking to it. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually this looks better than what I thought it
was. There were a couple of things that were mentioned that aren't here. I
just wanted to address them a little bit. One is the question of scope. The
Mayor suggested that this not include capital improvements related to
transportation. That may very well be correct that that's the direction we
want to go, that we want to exclude those and just focus on services. I
would like to leave that open for this committee to consider. Again, I
thought that this was going to say something specifically about a tax as the
                                                                       Page 91 of 99
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/14/16
