                          TRANSCRIPT
per 100 assessed value that is in the law that made it interesting for us to
acquire as much land as we did. What's important for you to know is when I
first addressed you or the people who used to be your Council, I told them
that we had in mind to acquire all the open space lands in the hills, and most
people didn't know belonged to Palo Alto. If you don't know yourself about
it, you go up Page Mill Road all the way to Skyline Boulevard. If you look to
the left, there's a large canyon there called Stevens Canyon where the creek
runs all the way down. You can see a big tower that's on Mount. Umunhum
in the distance. Stevens Creek Boulevard takes a turn and it goes out to the
bay between Sunnyvale and Mountain View, California. We bought all that
land, so we did what we said we were going to, just so you know. Now
we're back because we had the luck of having a great bond measure pass
for us. We have sufficient funds now to make it possible for more trails to
be built, for more trails that lead from the bay to the ocean. There will be
some great things happen in the next few years. I'm going to call on
another person who represents Palo Alto, and you know her. She's Yoriko
Kishimoto, and she's been a very outstanding Board Member since she's
joined us. We elected her as the President of our Board this year. Thank
you.

Yoriko Kishimoto, Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District Board
President: Good evening. My name is Yoriko Kishimoto, and I am so happy
to serve with Nonette Hanko on the Midpeninsula (Midpen.) Open Space
Board and to serve as President this year. As you know, a significant reason
why this is such an extraordinary time and place is our collective
commitment to regional open space. This would never have happened
without Nonette Hanko. It really is extraordinary. I wonder if you would
join me in just thanking her. She's transformed the area.

Mayor Burt: If I got my math right, it is 46 years of service on the District.

Ms. Kishimoto: Yes. And what she has accomplished with it. This is Shelly
Lewis, our Manager of Public Affairs. She's a wonderful member. I could
have called this talk "Midpen. is on the Move," because with the passing of
Measure AA—I think you have before you on your dais an Annual Report and
also the Measure AA projects. With the passing of AA, Midpen. itself has
been transformed. If I had a pointer, I was going to point out the locations
of many of the preserves we're talking about, but I can't point them out to
you. You probably can tell—I mean, Purisima Creek is towards the top.
There's a lot of action on the coast; La Honda Creek Preserve in the middle
going towards the coast will also see a lot of action. To the southwest is
Mount. Umunhum Preserve where you'll see a big peak open later in the
year. Kind of towards the north, towards the bay, is of course East Palo Alto
and Cooley Landing. A lot of action taking place with Measure AA. Palo Alto
                                                                         Page 2 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
