                          TRANSCRIPT
family, market rate homes on the site, I note their silence on this project. I
will not be supporting this.     I think we're rushing this.     I don't feel
comfortable with the affordable housing not being onsite.             I'm not
comfortable with rejecting a second pedestrian or bike path two weeks in a
row. I will not be supporting the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: This is an unusual situation and, if you will,
predicament for the Council to be in. It seems like this project has been
designed basically with Staff getting out of the way. In a way, I sort of
appreciate that. I've said before nobody knows how a neighborhood lives
better than the people who live in the neighborhood. In a way, I really
appreciate the involvement and the engagement. It seems like there's been
sort of this negotiation between the developer and the neighbors. That's
good. Good on you all. Is this the project that I would design? If it was up
to me, not really. Neither was the prior Maybell project, which I voted for.
No project is going to be perfect. I do feel like I need to speak to
exceptions, though. There are exceptions and there are exceptions. These
are ones that the neighbors are here supporting. From their perspective at
least, this makes the project better. Most exceptions that we see at the dais
are ones that cause the public to react negatively. From my personal
perspective, I don't think they usually make the projects better. That's for
exceptions. The path. It's not that large of a site. It does have—I'm all for
bike and especially ped paths. It's not that big of a site; it does have streets
on four sides of a not very large lot. I'm not that wedded to it. It'd be nice,
but I'm not that wedded to it. The Below Market Rate (BMR) units, I'd
always rather see the BMR units created onsite. I would always rather see
that. I truly would. I'm not absolutely convinced by the information the
developer has provided. I think that's what Vice Mayor Scharff was saying
too. I'm not absolutely committed to thinking that that is accurate or
compelling evidence. It's hard. I don't think we're rushing it. It's been
going on for a long time in one iteration or another. I'm a little bit hedgy on
the BMR units. Given how far this is and the status of this, I'm probably
prone to support the project as it is. I'm hedgy on the BMR units.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: A couple of things. First of all, I just want to address
briefly what Council Member DuBois said. Maybe I misunderstood. Just to
clarify, the below market program states that the housing units have to be
onsite. That's not—unless there is an exception, unless you grant an
exception based on feasibility. The feasibility people are talking about here
is financial feasibility. In this case, a developer has just written a letter that

                                                                             Page 9 of 80
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/28/16
