                          TRANSCRIPT
proposes to reinforce University Avenue as the Downtown retail core. Two,
it proposes to extend the ground-floor overlay boundary to expand the retail
environment peripherally around the Downtown core. Three, it proposes to
modify permitted and conditionally permitted uses within the greater
ground-floor boundary area, and also to include regulations for basements
as part of the ground-floor regulations.           Lastly, it proposes to add
development standards to the ground-floor district as well as to the RT-35
and RT-50 in SOFA II, which comprises the majority of retail properties in
the Downtown and SOFA II in order to strengthen regulations that support
pedestrian-oriented, active ground-level activity. I'm going to drill down into
each of these items a little bit further. First on University Avenue. The
Downtown cap study research found that the nature for the market of active
uses was really different on University Avenue compared to the rest of
Downtown. Drawing on those findings, the framework proposes the most
narrow definitions of retail uses on the ground floor for those properties that
have frontage on University Avenue. That includes what's shown here,
restaurants, hotels, retail services and prohibits personal services,
commercial recreation and this proposal. However, whereas the interim
Ordinance suspended the 25 percent provision that exists now for office and
other uses not fronting onto the street, this framework is proposing to retain
that provision at least on properties of a certain size to allow some more
flexibility for tenants and owners. On the side streets, acknowledging that
there are more varied types of uses, that lower lease rates exist on
Hamilton, Emerson, other cross streets, the framework recommends a
broader set of retail uses for properties that do not have frontage on
University. In these areas, personal services would be allowed, commercial
recreation, yoga studios, with an intention to promote active street life.
Whereas, office uses would be prohibited with the exception of medical
offices. Looking at the greater GF District to entice window shopping, to
entice activity at the ground level, the framework proposes to expand
district purposes to reflect a desire for these types of active uses and to
promote a higher level of transparency in facades. There would, of course,
need to be exceptions for certain operations that require privacy, in the case
of theaters for example.        Staff also recommends including basement
regulations to retain these ancillary retail uses in the ground-floor overlay.
Additionally, the framework proposes to add development standards to the
ground-floor district to require things like first-floor, ground-floor heights be
taller, a higher percentage of transparency in the facades, and views into
sale areas to see merchandise, to allow pedestrians to see people dining
inside, to see that kind of activity. The Council also recommended during
the August meeting exploring expanding the GF boundary. Staff identified
opportunities for expansion of the GF on Emerson towards the SOFA District.
Here, I'm looking at the yellow areas on the screen, the proposed expansion
of that area.      We looked at a forthcoming report from the Phase II
                                                                         Page 49 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
