                          TRANSCRIPT
On height, I appreciate that this is a lower building than what's there right
now. On style, style is always subjective. My gut reaction is I'm not very
excited about the style. I'm not thrilled with what I'm seeing on the
aesthetics that are facing the single-family residences across the street. I'm
not sure that's what I'd want to see if I was looking out my window, walking
out my front door every day. If there are ways that—it's hard to see
because these are still early sketches and proposals. As you start working
through the design, if there are ways that step-downs can be incorporated
so what's initially facing the street could be lower, even if it steps up toward
the back, I'd recommend taking a look at that. If the design de-emphasizes
the vertical height—I think the vertical, pillar design kind of emphasizes the
height, but I'm not a design expert, I'm not an architect myself. That's my
initial reading looking at this. I think that adds to a lot of the concern about
what are we in the neighborhood going to be getting, going up on this site.
Just as far as the use of the site, regardless of the design, the idea of
turning a single-story parking lot into housing, because that's essentially the
change, especially if we don't add any additional office space, we'd be
talking about taking an office building and a parking lot and turning it into an
office building and housing with a lot more parking onsite. That high-level
concept I wish more people were proposing. I appreciate that. Again, there
are a lot of people here with a lot of legitimate concerns, especially about
the aesthetics. I don't want you to leave here tonight without recognizing
that and thinking about that very carefully, if you're going to be coming back
with something more detailed in the future. That might be a big sticking
point for a lot of people. If that can be incorporated into future designs, that
would really help. Those are my thoughts right now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, did you have something following?

Council Member DuBois: Just real (inaudible). I guess I kind of implied it,
but I didn't really say it. I think there's a question of what to rezone to. I
would definitely favor more residential rezoning given the surrounding
properties. I think it's been mentioned, but these are the emails we got. I
don't think any of them were in favor of the project. In my time on Council,
I think we've gotten more emails on this. This is not even the standard
reaction. There's a pretty extreme reaction against this building, just so the
applicant understands. If you do come back, I'd strongly suggest that you
have multiple presentations in the neighborhood and talk to the people that
live there. The last thing is I'd really like to suggest that we need to
reexamine the annual cap boundary. Putting a project like this through the
competitive process would be a good thing.

Mayor Burt: I'll just wade back in and be a little more clear. I'd say, unlike
Council Member Wolbach, I'm not going to wade into comments on the site
                                                                         Page 13 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
