                          TRANSCRIPT
established. Those of us in support of the SSO are sympathetic to the needs
of some of our neighbors that want more space. We ask that the City be
sympathetic to the needs of the many Eichler owners who cherish both the
architectural history of our homes as well as the comfortable California
lifestyle Joseph Eichler envisioned so many years ago. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is David Hammond.

David Hammond: Good evening, Mr. Mayor and City Council. My name is
David Hammond, and live in the newest SSO, Greer Park North, which was
passed earlier this year, contains 72 homes and we're in the flood zone. I
support the Royal Manor SSO. I'm here to discuss and state that very
significant one-story additions have been made to homes in both the Van
Auken SSO which is adjacent to Greer Park North. I just wanted to sort of
outline four of them.       All four started out as three and ones, three
bedrooms, one bath. All of the additions, in some cases more than one,
were done as minor remodels so that the floor line did not have to be raised
up to the flood zone limit. In doing so, the scale is a lot easier to maintain.
There's three homes on Amarillo, 1004, 990 and 984. They all have 6,160-
square-foot lots, small lots. All were expanded to four or more bedrooms, in
one case five, and two or more baths, in one case three. The expanded
areas were from 1,650 to 2,500 square feet. The 2,500 square feet, I think,
took four different remodels to do it. Two of them sold last fall for $2 million
and $2.6 million, which about floored me, but anyway that's what they sold
for. The additional remodel which I love is on 2707 Greer Road. It's on a
7,000-square-foot lot. It was expanded to five bedrooms and four baths
plus a cathedral ceiling and about 2,200 square feet.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is John Indergand, to be followed
by Bryon Wilson.

John Indergand: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. My name is John
Indergand. I live and have lived for 31 years at 336 Ely Place in Palo Alto.
This is in the Walnut Grove neighborhood, which was the first neighborhood
to receive a single story overlay in 1992. We have been very happy with the
privacy and uniform appearance of this area since then. Our neighborhood
association has no record of anyone wanting to eliminate the single story
restriction. As to the value of our homes, it is has hardly gone down. These
homes are now at almost the same ridiculous overvalued prices the rest of
Palo Alto is blessed or cursed with. If an owner really needs more space,
there are more possibilities than have been mentioned. Two recent owners
have installed 800 and 900 additional feet to their houses. We, ourselves,
added a little under 280 about 20 years ago. There are options for making
greater space in the house. I have only four times in my life tried to

                                                                         Page 51 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
