                          TRANSCRIPT
around this, our open Geospatial Information System (GIS) or geospatial
information system allows you to see interesting things like this slide, which
is land-use designation. In this particular picture that you're looking at, it's
visual, which a lot of people find quite beneficial. You can also analyze and
download the underlying data, the longitudinal and latitudinal stuff and
everything else that goes into combining to make up a visual like this. We
have lots of different types of geospatial information that a very large range
of stakeholders are interested in. We get many, many calls and emails over
the course of a few months from different stakeholders. We had an email
just the other day from the National Park Service wanting our geospatial
information on our parks. All I had to do was point them to a website and
say, "Everything you want is right there." It's really convenient and open to
the world. We've been publishing open data sets or our data at the City
here in a public manner for closing in now four years. We're approaching
100 different types of data sets. It's worth taking a look to see the variety
and know that we continue to publish data sets as they either become
available or as departments choose to make those data sets available to
whoever wants them. What ultimately is the benefit? On one level it's just
about freedom of access to data that belongs to the people.              It's a
transparency solution. Open data is certainly not a Palo Alto phenomena or
California or American phenomena. It is a global phenomena. More and
more governments are embracing these platforms to make available these
important insights.     An organization called Open Data Impact sort of
summarized the four key benefits of open data to communities. The first
one, it improves government. An example of that is being more transparent
increases trust in communities and more things can get done. Open data,
as a second point, empowers citizens because now they have access to the
same information all of us have access to, often at the same time. A more
informed populace is a more empowered populace. The third reason is it
creates opportunities. For example, you'll remember two years ago we had
the Palo Alto Apps. Challenge. Out of that, almost 100 different teams in
Palo Alto participated to create solutions for the City. In fact, one solution
today, Adopt Me app., is a real business that employs real people in real
jobs. The fourth one is it helps to solve public problems, because it
empowers all sorts of decision makers with valuable information. I just want
to give you two quick international examples. There are many, but here are
two that I thought were interesting to illustrate the value it's having on a
global basis. In the country of Uruguay, everybody in that country has to
make a healthcare choice once a year. It's very difficult to do that because
information is difficult to come by, just getting up-to-date, quality
information on healthcare choices. Uruguay decided to use their open data
initiative to put all the relevant health data available online in an easily
consumable way. Now, more people are more empowered in Uruguay to
make important healthcare decisions for their families. In Brazil which has
                                                                          Page 6 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
