                         TRANSCRIPT
conversation where we would have three basements being pumped adjacent
to each other and in all likelihood simultaneously. That's new. Here we're
having increasing sensitivity to the impacts and, frankly, increasing
realization of the impacts of the dewatering.       We're looking at doing
something that is potentially more significant on dewatering than anything
we've seen in an R-1 neighborhood in my entire memory as a Planning
Commissioner or Council Member. Here's what I would offer without trying
to determine that impact, but put it in the context of where the Council has
already given direction on dewatering.       That is a condition that Staff
determine and certify that the aggregate impact of the dewatering of the
three basements will not be deleterious to the surrounding properties or
vegetation. That's offered as an amendment.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't know how Staff would certify that. Does Staff
want to (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: First, you have to turn your mike on.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would maybe like to Staff—I don't know how Staff
would know if it's deleterious or not, what procedure they would use to
certify that.

Mayor Burt: We already have within the guidelines that we've already
adopted something similar to that in that language.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: What we have is somewhat short of that. It's a
requirement that the applicant get an opinion from an engineer with respect
to impacts on surrounding properties. I have some concern about the City
being placed in the position of providing some kind of a guarantee, etc. I
think there's some complexity to that that we should think through.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member XX to add
to the Motion, “direct Staff to determine and certify that the aggregate
dewatering of the three basements not be deleterious to the surrounding
properties or vegetation.”

Mayor Burt: Thank you for refreshing us that we're requiring a third party
certification. I would modify that. The Staff review the third-party—they
certify it, a third party?

Ms. Stump: It's more of a statement at this point. This was a pilot …

Mayor Burt:    That the Staff review the third-party dewatering review
statement to assure that the aggregate impact has been evaluated and not
merely individual dewatering impacts.
                                                                       Page 35 of 56
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 11/14/16
