                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:      The first line is Alma Street from University to
Lincoln.

James Keene, City Manager: That has zero on it in the average collision rate
with a C underneath it. Is that the same column?

Mr. Thnay: Maybe during the—it should be 1.7.         I'm not sure during the
formatting whether something …

Mr. Mello: We're going to have to get you a corrected table. We can do
that. It looks like there was a formatting issue when it was dumped into the
Staff Report.

Mr. Keene: Just so we're clear. They can pretty much assume wherever
there is a zero, that's not accurate.

Mr. Thnay: Correct.

Council Member DuBois: The big question—it'd be great to see that, but it's
really how safe are our streets. Are we okay or do we have—clearly, I think,
we have some streets that look to have a very high accident rate. What's
your assessment overall?

Mr. Mello: We're about, I'd say, 75 percent through this project. We can
certainly provide you with more detailed information around that. We can
look at how we compare to other similar cities as well as the state average
and get back to you on that.

Council Member DuBois: Do you have an assessment yet? Just a gut …

Mr. Thnay: Some streets, I think, for example some of these higher collision
area is above the state averages. Many of these local streets are pretty
normal.

Council Member DuBois: In some of them, they were really high. I did have
questions. The University segment Downtown, that's a pretty slow street
generally but had a pretty high accident rate. I'm wondering are we
capturing night life, people drinking and driving. What is that?

Mr. Mello: Chris can correct me if I’m wrong. The collision rate is only
calculated based on Average Daily Traffic (ADT). It wouldn't calculate the
pedestrian activity, right?

Mr. Thnay: The collision rate Josh mentioned is 1 million miles vehicle
travel. It's a function of multiplication of the daily trips, average day trips,

                                                                          Page 33 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
