                          TRANSCRIPT
out of Berkeley on displacement and the risk of displacement and
gentrification happening around the Bay Area, they break down
neighborhood by neighborhood, not just city by city, around the entire Bay
Area. You can look at their maps, and you see places like Ventura, some of
the less highly affluent neighborhoods in Palo Alto. People there are at risk
for serious displacement. When I attended a Project Sentinel event recently
talking about displacement and gentrification, talking to the people who
organized that, what they're seeing with communities of color in Palo Alto,
what it means for their future and the loss of what few African-American and
Latino families we have in Palo Alto, it's getting worse. If we don't do
something substantial over the next decade, decade and a half, we're going
to lose what little diversity we have in those regards. Again, when it comes
back to motions, I think what we should really start focusing around is
around that 7,500 range, which would be more than is suggested in Option
C but—sorry for those who had their hopes even higher. I think the 8,800 is
probably a little bit more than what we could stomach.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'm usually pretty terse, so I hope I can beg for
some forbearance if I ramble a little bit here. When I get to the end of this,
I think I'm going to actually come out very close to where John Kelley was a
few minutes ago. We've had a lot of discussion about process and what it is
that we're going to try to do tonight. I'm still grappling with that; I think
Staff's still grappling with how do we get our arms around it. One of the
things that I think we need to have on the table is a scenario that combines
slow growth with high sustainability and doesn't necessarily add large
amounts of new housing. That doesn't have to be the only scenario. In
fact, it probably shouldn't be. I think it's a major one that needs to be on
the table. I want to lay out the case for that. Bear with me. I think there
are three issues, one of which is housing, which I'm going to come back to
last. The first issue is timeframe. I think it's really important we understand
what we're talking about here is much longer timeframes than 2030. The
world doesn't end in 2030, 15 years from now. That's just the next
scheduled check-in point for the Comp Plan where we see if we need to
update anything. Even the Plan itself isn't likely to change much then.
We're tweaking it now; we'll tweak it then. What we put in motion now is
mostly going to keep going much longer than 2030. Land use decisions last
for ages. Earlier tonight, we reviewed a zoning change made in 1971, 45
years ago. Looks likely that one's going to keep going. Decisions we make
in 2016, other Councils in the future will still be using 45 years from now.
We need to be looking at impacts not just in 2030 but in 40, 50, maybe even
100 years from now. Over those kinds of timeframes, small changes can
have big impacts. That points to the second issue here. Give me some
                                                                        Page 85 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
