                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: No, Shafer. To be followed by Debbie Mytels.

Mr. Shafer: I may only be 19 years old, but I cannot pretend to be
innocent. I've seen the damage that we're doing to the world, that's already
been done to the world, and the cliff that is fast approaching. We all know
it. You can't really debate it; people try to. As a native Palo Altan, I am
proud to say that our City has already done so much towards responsible
environmental stewardship over the past decades. Yet, the question on my
mind, which I promise I see every day in my classes and in casual
conversations, is that we wonder is it ever even enough, like kind of what's
the point to all of this. We get paralyzed. We are facing rising tides,
ecosystem collapse, food shortages, drought, disruption of global trade on a
completely unprecedented scale. We know that decisive climate action and
sustainable practices are necessary for our future because, without them,
there simply isn't one. Yet, our youth including myself don't show up at City
Halls or advocate as much as we should, because we forget that importance
and turn a blind eye to the issue at hand. Why? Because we feel like we're
victims, paralyzed. We fear that no matter what we do and that no matter
how much we shout and cry that nothing will happen. What's critical is that
we do know how important this is for our future. There are those among us
and the people all over the world that fight against this paralysis every day,
whether it's the lawsuit in Oregon which got a victory this past week,
brought by 21 children and young people against the Federal government for
protecting our future and generations to come; whether it's the successful
divestment movement which has happened at Stanford and other
institutions across the United States and the world. It is our future that is
being created. The legacy that you create for us is the greatest gift that you
can pass on. We inherit not only the ramifications of the policies that you
adopt and decisions that you make, but also the culture that you choose to
create and step forward with. Palo Alto is on the forefront of innovation and
design in the world. Taking this path before us will be in the spirit of that
heritage. By setting the high standard of an 80-percent cut in greenhouse
gas emissions by 2030, we can set an example for the rest of the world and
the United States and a viable path forward towards a better future for all of
us. To those of us including maybe some of the people who are here today,
the young ones too, one of my teachers at Foothill College, Scott Lankford
[phonetic], told me this quote when I asked him these same questions. It's
a Churchill quote, it's no use saying we are doing our best. You have got to
succeed in doing what is necessary. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I'm sorry. It may not apply this evening, but we
have a request that we generally make of the members of the public to not
cheer in case that it would discourage others from speaking. We may not

                                                                        Page 34 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
