                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I have a family member who is an employee of
one of the agencies. I should recuse myself from this.

Council Member Schmid left the meeting at 6:48 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Director Gitelman or who's taking this?

Eloiza Murillo-Garcia, Senior Planner:      Good evening, Mayor Burt and
Council. My name is Eloiza Murillo-Garcia. I'm a Senior Planner, and I work
on the CDBG and housing programs for the City. I'm going to give you a
very brief overview of the Fiscal Year 2016-17 CDBG allocation process.
Typically the Finance Committee recommendations to Council are a Consent
item; however, because of Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) regulations, we are required to bring this forward as a public hearing
item to give members of the public the opportunity to speak to the item.
The City receives annual funding from the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development, also known as HUD, as an entitlement city under the
Community Development Block Grant, or CDBG, program. CDBG is the
principal Federal program that provides grants to improve physical,
economic and social conditions primarily for persons of low and moderate
incomes. All of the activities funded by the City benefit low and very low
income persons. Currently the CDBG program operates under a two-year
funding request cycle. Fiscal Year 2016-17 is the second year in the funding
cycle. The total estimated funding available for allocation in Fiscal Year '16-
'17 is $754,418 which consists of the entitlement grant of $441,253,
estimated program income of $100,000 and just over $213,000 in prior year
resources. CDBG has five funding categories in which to allocate funds.
Those include public services, planning and administration, economic
development, housing and public facilities.         In terms of the funding
recommendations that you have before you, these have been reviewed by
the Human Relations Commission and the Finance Committee.                  After
tonight's meeting, the next step is for Staff to submit the final '16-'17 action
plan to HUD by May 15th. It is requested that Council hold the public
hearing and take the requested action as described in the Staff Report.
Thank you, and I'm available to answer any questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member questions? We have one speaker
from the public then. Peter Villareal, you'll have up to three minutes to
speak. Welcome.

Peter Villareal: Good evening, Mayor, Council Members. My name is Peter
Villareal. I'm the Director of Housing Development for Mid-Pen Housing,
specifically for our project in Palo Alto for Palo Alto Gardens. This is a 156-
                                                                         Page 32 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
