                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. On the syncing of the light, just so I
understand it. If we just do the timing, are there some negatives to that? I
assume we set our lights up in some way that has some sense. There's no
negative to that at all. We just don't know what it is, and that's why we
can't sync at the moment.

Mr. Mello: There may be some pedestrian delay and some delay coming out
of the driveways because we would be coordinated with the Caltrans signal,
which probably has a longer cycle length. I'll let Gary talk a little bit.

Mr. Black: The reason that they're not synced today is because of the two
different jurisdictions. Because they're so close together, we really see that
there would be benefits of syncing them. I can't really think of any
downsides. It's just the logistics of syncing them that's the reason they're
not synced now.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When I drive that, it seems to me that it's probably one
of the most congested places in all of Palo Alto. It's really the people coming
out of Trader Joe's come right into my lane, and I get stopped. You're right;
there's the turn lane on the other one. Those two play into each other.
We're talking about a 2 1/2 second delay. I've counted my delay; it's like
10, 15 seconds sometimes to get through that mess of traffic when people—
it's not even time dependent. I went to dinner on Sunday night at Mayfield.
It's probably at 6:30 at night on a Sunday evening. The same thing with all
these people coming out of Trader Joe's. It took 10, 12 seconds to get
through that and navigate it. I'm having a hard time understanding the—my
experience which is not two second delay there, and yet it says 2 1/2
seconds. Maybe you could explain to me what I'm missing.

Mr. Black: The 2 1/2 seconds is an average. At times, you would have, as
you experienced, a 10-second improvement. Other times you would have
no improvement at all. It just depends on when you come along. Right
now, if you come along at the right time, you don't get delayed at all
through there. You get a green at the driveway; you get a green at El
Camino; there's no delay. Other times there's a long delay. The 2 1/2
seconds is just an average of all of the time periods or all the cycles of the
signal.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The 2 1/2 is just an average?

Mr. Black: Yeah.


                                                                        Page 69 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
