                         TRANSCRIPT
residents and businesses may experience increased noise levels, and there
likely will be significant traffic delays on Highway 101 as well as East
Bayshore Road. Staff is working to ensure that proper signage is installed
and that adjacent traffic signals are monitored to reduce the impacts to our
residents. This is a State of California project. We do expect that there will
be significant impacts to the intersection of Embarcadero Road and East
Bayshore Road and plan to reach out to residents and businesses in the
area. A bit of good news on the awards front. The Our Palo Alto 2030
Summit on the Comprehensive Plan held last, I think, May 30th has won an
award from the Association of Environmental Professionals in its outstanding
public involvement, education category. The award recognizes programs
and organizations that increase the public's awareness of environmental
issues and facilitates their role in the planning, analysis and review process.
It also recognizes the level of participation, use of social media and
technology. The Association of Environmental Professionals is a nonprofit
association of public and private sector professionals with a common interest
in serving the principles related to the California Environmental Quality Act,
better known as CEQA. In addition, the City's digital commentator online
tool that allows citizens to make comments and provide feedback on
elements of the draft Comprehensive Plan has been accepted as a case
study at the Alliance for Innovations Transforming Local Government
conference in June. Kudos to Hillary and her Staff and other members of our
Staff team who worked so hard on the Summit. For the second year in a
row, the City of Palo Alto Utilities Department has been recognized with the
Tree Line USA award by the National Arbor Day Foundation. This award
highlights best practices for utility and vegetation management. Tree Line
USA recognizes, in our case, our Utility for demonstrating how trees and
utilities can coexist for community and citizens' benefits by exceeding the
five core standards criteria that include quality tree care, annual worker
training, tree planting and education, a tree-based conservation program,
and its Arbor Day celebration. The Palo Alto Library's Link+ Program which
allows library users to borrow items from the public and academic member
libraries in California and Nevada will resume service on Thursday,
February 25th. As you recall, the service had been suspended as part of the
migration to the Sierra technology system. It will include some changes
which will allow the Palo Alto City Library to both borrow and lend items as
of February 25th, including media in addition to books. Link+ service pickup
will now be offered at the Rinconada Library instead of the Mitchell Park
Library. Link+ items may be returned to any branch at the service desk.
Link+ checkouts and holds will now be integrated into customers' accounts
on the web-based catalog. The length of Link+ lending period for media will
be 21 days which is the same as books. For more information, folks can
visit our Library website. Last Saturday morning, as you may recall, Palo
Alto fire crews responded to a structure fire in a two-story home in the 1100
                                                                           Page 3 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
