                          TRANSCRIPT
to. When we come back, we should have some comparisons for you on
existing services and costs and comparison with what we're getting from
Pets in Need, so you can see what's what. We also may need to think about
even our existing practices, regardless of who provides them and how we do
them. I know Mr. Borock commented that we'd service Los Altos Hills and
Los Altos. My understanding is we don't restrict intake to just our partner
agencies. Animals from other places can come into the shelter. We had this
discussion a little bit years ago when we were dealing with the spay/neuter
fees that we had. Folks were coming from—these are extreme examples—
Modesto to the Palo Alto shelter to have an animal spayed or neutered at
times. It's a legitimate question to ask, how is it that we provide the highest
quality service to our community and our partner communities. If it is being
diluted in some ways by the quality we can have by having other folks
bringing by animals—I could say, "Why don't we just drive around and pick
up animals all over the region?" That doesn't make sense either for us
running the shelter. Our first responsibility is to our own community. We
ought to ensure that we provide the best value to our community and any
partner agencies we have. These are all things we can lay out in some
comparisons. There may be choices you would say even when we come
back with a contract. You could say, "I almost like all these pieces, but I
don't think you struck the emphasis in this one area." You can still tell us to
go back and do a final renegotiation with Pets in Need. In the end, you may
say, "This all looked really good, but I changed my mind. I want to direct
you to stay where we are in some way." Thanks.

Council Member Holman: I agree with what you're saying. At the same
time, we don't want somebody who comes from "pick a town near us" and
has a cat that they want to surrender. We don't want that cat turned away,
because it could end up just being dumped somewhere. It's striking that
balance. When this comes back, I absolutely want to see that the site
includes the area now that is rented out for other uses. I think it's a car
dealership that's parking there. I want to see that, and I want to see the
area behind the building returned to the shelter property. It's a way to
maximize—part of the land was either not used or it was used by the shelter
before. I want to see the opportunities maximized for this facility to be the
most successful and providing other services, additional services with that
extra space. I absolutely want to see that, and I hope other colleagues will
support that in their comments.       I guess since Council Member Burt
mentioned that his dog is a rescue, so is mine. I hope my dog loves me as
much as I love him.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, I just want to say that those other
comments on what you'd like to see on space considerations can only carry
weight with Staff if the Council gives direction to that effect.
                                                                       Page 61 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
