                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Want me to come back to you?

Council Member Kniss: No, no, no. I may be gone. Let me start with—I
guess I'll start with the Downtown. I still think the numbers are somewhat
awkward as we're currently dealing with them. I'm still seeing that in 30
years we haven't reached the cap that was set in 1989. Am I correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. Actually that cap goes back to 1986.

Council Member Kniss: Which says to me that I don't think we should be too
prescriptive. I'm very concerned that it's so easy to look at a moment in
time and say this is what's needed now without realizing what could be
needed in the future. Whomever sat here then—what did we just agree, '86
or '89, Hillary?

Ms. Gitelman: '86.

Council Member Kniss: '86. Whomever sat here—I actually know some of
the people who sat here in '86—and who did take that long view and in that
length of time, as I see it, they never went over 50,000 square feet a year.
I think where we are at the moment is okay, but I would certainly like us to
look in March and determine at that point. We have no projects in the pipe
right now, right? Nothing.

Ms. Gitelman: In Downtown there's one project in the pipeline, that 429
University, that's coming back to the Council at some point.

Council Member Kniss: Which one?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Ms. Wong's.

Ms. Gitelman: 429 University.

Council Member Kniss: That's been in the pipeline for three years now. I
don't think I would really count that. I'm serious. Things that keep coming
back again and again are just in a different category. I would really urge us
don't jump into this preemptively. It'd be very easy to decide now in 2016
that you know what's going to be good for 2026 or 2030 or whatever it may
be. The next one I'd like to take a look at is Fry's. That's our largest, big
housing site in town. Karen, I've heard you discuss this before. Looking at
some kind of precise plan, specific plan, whatever kind of plan we may want
to call it, this would definitely be the time to do it. We've had a lot of talk
about housing that's affordable, affordable housing, whatever definition we
may use. There is absolutely no question that in this community there is a
cry for housing that meets that second criteria, whatever that may be. We

                                                                       Page 95 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
