                         TRANSCRIPT
a maximum lot size, and one proposed lot exceeds the maximum lot size
and is requesting an exception to that. As you can see, the project is
located on the eastern corner of Northern California Avenue and Louis Road.
The project is located in a residential area of the City of Palo Alto with
single-family homes surrounding the site.         This is the proposed lot
configuration.    Again, on the bottom of the screen we have Northern
California Avenue with Lot 3. On the right side of the screen, we have Lot 1
and Lot 2 along Louis road. In terms of Staff's analysis of this project, this
project meets the Comprehensive Plan goals and policies of bringing sites
into more conformance with City Codes and standards. It does this by
providing a lot or parcel for each proposed home.             It also meets
Comprehensive Plan goals and policies by providing one additional dwelling
unit than what is currently found on this site. This project was reviewed by
the Planning and Transportation Commission on October 26th of this year.
The Commission discussed issues around fees and construction phasing and
ultimately voted 6-0 to recommend approval of this project to the City
Council. Based on that information, again the Planning and Transportation
Commission recommended 6-0 that the Council find the project exempt from
the California Evaluation Quality Act and approve the proposed parcel map
based on the findings and subject to the conditions of approval. Thank you.
I'm available for any questions that the Council may have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Do we have technical questions of Staff at this
time? I will—Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: The guest house would be an Accessory Dwelling
Unit (ADU). Is that correct?

Mr. Petersen: That is correct. It's a second dwelling unit.

Council Member DuBois: It wasn't clear to me from the map there. There's
kind of a long driveway along the one house that would be for the house and
for the ADU together. Is that …

Mr. Petersen: Correct. There is actually a garage that's located in the back
portion of the lot. This driveway would provide access to that garage and
then also to the second dwelling unit.

Council Member DuBois: We're not necessarily even talking about what the
plans are. This is just a subdivision.

Mr. Petersen: Correct, just the subdivision.




                                                                         Page 15 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
