                          TRANSCRIPT
Charter or the Tree Manual, it says taking any action foreseeably leading to
the death of a tree or permanent damage to its health including but not
limited to excessive pruning, cutting, girdling, poisoning, over-watering,
unauthorized relocation or transportation of a tree or trenching, excavating,
altering the grade or paving within the drip line area of a tree. This is what
the Castilleja arborist has been doing, doing some trenching. It's upside-
down there, but you can see next to those red cones is a deep hole, a trench
that they did. They left it uncovered. What that does is it desiccates the
roots. Dave Dockter had sort of given tacit approval to go find the roots, but
then these guys left the trench open. After a week, I screamed at Dave and
Amy, and finally they covered up the dirt after doing some damage to these
trees. There's trees in particular that are essential if they want to put in this
underground garage. The redwood is Tree Number 1. You're welcome to
come out Thursday, tomorrow afternoon, because there's a discussion of this
tree tomorrow at 1263 Emerson. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Elizabeth Duncan, to be
followed by Danielle Martell.

Elizabeth Duncan: Good evening. I would like to ask for a resolution to be
passed by my City Council supporting Proposition 62, which is on the ballot
again, as it was four years ago. This is to abolish the death penalty. For
many, many years, I have been working against the death penalty, and I
have rather more information than you probably want to hear. Not only is it
terribly expensive, to the tune of billions of dollars, much more expensive
than putting somebody in prison for life without parole, like 15 times more
expensive than that. We have also unfortunately executed innocent people.
Recently, there was somebody on the news that you may all have seen, who
had been on death row for 20 years, and was found to be innocent. Now,
fortunately there's another proposition that would have actually killed him
15 years before that, because the other proposition is to cut short the length
of time that people spend. I would really love it if you would pass a
resolution for my City, that I'm so proud of, to cut out this barbaric thing
that we do. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.      Danielle Martell to be followed by Scottie
Zimmerman.

Danielle Martell: Hello everyone. I'm Danielle Martell. Palo Alto is my
home; I've lived my life here. I've always cared deeply about our town, and
I've seen Palo Alto go through a lot of changes. Join me in reclaiming Palo
Alto as a safe, sophisticated, university town by embracing a smart, studied
change that will nurture us as an incubator of the arts and technology
innovations to inspire our children. Today City Council hastens to structure

                                                                           Page 8 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
