                          TRANSCRIPT
Metropolitan Transportation Commission Policy Advisory Council. I do feel
like a lot of the people have already talked about what I wanted to talk
about, but I wanted to talk a little bit bigger picture. I came from a meeting
in Oakland. Unfortunately I thought I had a card put in, so I did want to talk
about Measure B. What Measure B did was basically cemented in bridging
congestion.    That is what a parking lot does; it cements in bridging
congestion. It is not just the parking lot. I know you looked very well at
trying to find out what would happen with the permit parking program.
Thank you for that. You looked at Transportation Demand Management
(TDM); thank you for that. I do kind of think—isn't Stanford next door?
Doesn't Stanford have one of the best TDM projects in the entire country?
Why are we not giving this a little more time? Before you spend $2 million
on this to cement a pathway downstream that is simply going to cement in
further congestion, I ask you to look at that. I do understand—I'm very
cognizant that Palo Alto can get a lot of tax revenue from people coming
Downtown to eat and shop. You might also, on a different subject, look at
what are the best uses for this. Don't be like the City of Santa Clara that
said what were the best uses for that land. Number one and number two
close together were hotels and high-tech office buildings. No, they picked
number three, a stadium. Don't pick a parking garage; that's number three,
free parking. What I would like Mountain View, Palo Alto and all the rest of
the leading-edge cities in the Bay Area is to push Metropolitan
Transportation Commission (MTC)—once again, this is my hat, not MTC—for
regional parking fees. The problem is each city is reluctant to put in parking
fees because you potentially lose business to the next city over. If this
becomes a level playing field and everybody has to pay for parking
everywhere, then it will actually put everyone on the same footing. You
don't have to worry about this. I understand businesses are worried about
parking, but look at what Vancouver did. They were serious about this, and
they put 50 percent mode share they reached this year into non-automotive
traffic. The key is how do you move people around. Look at what Google
did with Mountain View. They did the ride share. Why aren't we doing that
with Stanford Technology Park? Why aren't we doing that to see what
happens with the buses? If we do that, I think we'll find that we can do
amazing things with that and open up this property for something really
interesting and really great tax revenue for Palo Alto. That's kind of the win-
win-win I'd like to look for, how do we be a leader, how do we work with
others to get other cities to come along with Palo Alto to say, "You know
what? You need to put the proper cost of car driving and not allow it to be
completely subsidized." You can start putting some of that money into
transit, into other services. You can even pay for those that can't afford
Clipper Cards, for example. You can give them some money. I think those
are win-win. Plus, as you know, you've also been trying to get people to
park elsewhere that work Downtown. Thanks.
                                                                         Page 26 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
