                          TRANSCRIPT
the tradeoffs that the Mayor talked about addresses those proactively
upfront. If we did that—there's a lot of concern about sort of neighborhood
pushback and stuff like that. If we did that and we addressed that and we
had a process for this, then the neighbors would have a better idea what to
expect, and everybody would be less likely to get surprises and pushback at
late stages of the project. I think that would be a positive step.

Mayor Burt: Thanks for the comments from both the public and colleagues.
Just a few wrap-up thoughts. One is that we need to figure out how to
integrate some of the data that Vice Mayor Scharff was just asking about,
which I concur with, and how that would be integrated into the Comp Plan
discussion and to the CAC. I don't think they have that information.
Frankly, I've been asking for this kind of information for quite some time. It
appears that the Housing Corp. has some very good examples of projects
with low parking that are fully parked. I use that description because I think
it's—we've had a real poor terminology that any project with less than X
amount of standard parking is under-parked. It's only under-parked if you
have more need for parking than you have parking spaces. That's what
constitutes under-parking. We need to come up with new nomenclature.
What we've used of under-parked does a disservice to projects that, in some
cases, are half the normal parking rate and over-parked. We need to dwell
on that terminology.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman was just trying to check what 801
Alma may have been on floor area ratio. He thought it was around 2.4,
which may be because it started with a base of 2.0 in the SOFA FAR and had
a housing density bonus for affordable. I'm not sure. I should remember,
and I'm not. Finally, how we get from here to there on one or more
alternative approaches to being able to have zoning that accommodates
these kinds of projects. One can be the PC coming back in a pure residential
form or a pure or predominantly low income housing form. The other could
be some other zoning overlay or both. My question is does an action
something along those lines have to wait until we complete the Comp Plan?
That's more a question for Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the question. I think we would look to Council
in the new year in setting up priorities to identify this as something that they
want to focus on in the new year. It could be begun in parallel with
completion of the Comp Plan. These are ideas that are being articulated.
You'll see the Land Use Element at the end of November. These kind of
ideas are inherent in the draft that's coming forward with the CAC. I don't
think this specific idea is there, but it's not inconsistent with what they've
been talking about. I just wanted to respond also on the parking data
request. The Council did include in the adopted Housing Element a program
                                                                         Page 32 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
