                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I talked to Jeff Levinsky about some of the items
that were on the project.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I also received a communication that we all got
and also listened to some comments that Mr. Levinsky had, nothing that's
not in the public record though.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Welcome, Mr. Lait.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. I'm going to introduce Sheldon Ah Sing. He's a contract
planner, and he'll give the presentation.

Mayor Burt: Thanks.

Sheldon Ah Sing, Contract Planner: Thank you and good evening. I do have
a PowerPoint this evening. The applicant also has a PowerPoint. Just to
orient people with the location of the project. The project site includes two
parcels that include a single-family residential building that is designated as
a Category 2 historic structure on the City's Historic Inventory. There's also
on a separate parcel adjacent to it a two-story office building. The site is
designated Downtown commercial with pedestrian and combining district.
Directly behind the property is designated as residential, medium density.
The proposed project includes demolition of the two-story building, an
addition to the single-story historic structure and construction of a new
three-story, mixed-use building. You would have commercial space on the
first two levels and then two residential units on the top floor of that
building. The proposed project adds 6,100 square feet of office space to the
existing that would be there now and 7,700 square feet of residential space.
In total, there'll be 8,700 square feet of residential space and 13,500 square
feet of office space once the project is complete. The key issues. The
project was appealed on May 12th after the approval on April 28th. Those
issues include architectural design and context, the adjacency to the historic
building, the second-floor terrace windows' impact on adjacent residential
property as well as parking and traffic impacts. We'll go into greater detail
of those.

Council Member DuBois: Sorry to interrupt.          Clerk, could we get the
presentation on the monitor? Thank you.

Mr. Ah Sing: This diagram depicts the site plan with the second-floor terrace
area in green. The driveway along Kipling would be replaced with a ramp
that goes down to basement parking. That's indicated with the arrow. One
                                                                         Page 21 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
