                          TRANSCRIPT
there something else I should have taken out of that study?             I know you
seemed anxious to say something.

Mr. Sigman: I would just offer that my firm conducts these Fiscal Studies
throughout California for 30 years. This is a very detailed one. I think we're
providing you a lot of granularity around the uses and the uses by
employment versus residential occupancy. What we're finding here is that
you can grow without severely damaging your General Fund. You can grow
employment without damaging your General Fund, and you can grow
residents without damaging your General Fund. I think that's the takeaway.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Moving on to the comments on the scenarios. I also
actually, when I listened to the business community come up and speak, had
similar concerns. I think we could really damage the business environment
by creating uncertainty. Business hates uncertainty more than anything
else. The notion of a conditional use permit is a bad way to go. If we want
to limit employment density, we need to somehow say it's no more than four
per 1,000 or something like that, so businesses know what it is. I'm not
saying that's the right solution, but I'm saying—I think it becomes
particularly damaging when you're going between R&D and office use. What
struck me is when I went up to Tesla, and we were all happy that Tesla
opened up. I remember how difficult it was to get them open and all of that.
There are parts of time they need to do R&D; they need to switch back and
forth. Any sort of innovative business up there like Tesla, because I haven't
visited other ones, but I’m hearing from the business community I think it
applies to many more companies than Tesla. They need to have the
flexibility to do some R&D, to have more lab space. Then, if they have more
lab space, to then say not that that they're giving up office space if they
want to move it from lab to office. I think that flexibility of going between
R&D and office is really important. I'm also concerned about creating
uncertainty in the process. I think the creation of uncertainty in our Comp
Plan will drive a real negative impact on business. I'm concerned that the
EIR seems to have no analysis of that, of the uncertainty factor of that. I'd
even say on the office cap it's really interesting. We put in a beauty contest-
type concept into the office cap. People are like, "I'm not necessarily
wanting to spend the time, the money to go through this process without
knowing I get there." If you had a first-in-first-out approach, then people
can say, "I'm in the queue. I know where I'm going to be and, therefore, I
will get it or I will not get it." I think the more uncertainty we create in this,
the more damage we're going to do to our business environment. I am
concerned about that. I think we should listen to our business community,
especially when it's well thought out like I thought the people from the
Research Park when they came and spoke on this, actually spoke quite
articulately. I thought a lot of their letters were articulate. I would support
                                                                              Page 77 of 128
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
