                          TRANSCRIPT
thing to ask Staff to go vet these things. This was done late at night. This
was done sort of off the cuff.

Council Member Kniss: Like tonight.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm thinking just like tonight.

Female: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: I sort of think it was. What I wanted to say about this
was why did we change 5? I thought 5 was good. I didn't really get a clear
understanding of why 5 got changed.

Ms. French: The word that was proposed was indigenous. We talked with
the landscape architect here at the City and said, "Indigenous, is that a term
that's used?" It typically is for animals. In this case, climate appropriate
was the term of art used in landscape architectural fields.            Climate
appropriate having to do with water use, etc.              This could allow
Mediterranean plants from Italy because of the climate.

Mayor Burt:      This is mine.    Here's a concern I have.        The Council
discussion—explicitly I distinguished and had the support of my colleagues
about the distinction between drought-tolerant plants that were from
completely different regions and even continents not being what we mean by
this. It came back and lost that whole context and came back with
something that is like you didn't look at the tape and just went and saw the
wording and came back with something that had difference and then got
thrown in preferably California native. It's like you attempted to come back
to that with language that I don't think is very well written. I would just say
that we had a discussion about the distinction between something that is
synonymous with what you just described as climate appropriate. We said
that's not what we want. We came back and got that. We changed it and it
came back. That's disappointing, but we can fix it.

Vice Mayor Scharff:      Going back, at least my understanding of that
discussion is similar to Mayor Burt's in that what we were looking for, at
least what I understood us to be looking for, was to restore some native
habitat. It wasn't just about climate appropriate in a drought; it was about
providing an ecosystem of native habitat, especially in places like the
Research Park frankly. I don't think this Finding captures that necessarily.
Whereas, I think the original language does. I guess I wanted to get back to
the original language and ask on the original language, knowing what you
know now about what the intent of the Council was or at least my intent and
I believe Mayor Burt's intent was to be, do you have any concerns with that
language? Feel free to speak up. I would like to hear it.
                                                                        Page 97 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
