                         TRANSCRIPT
Council decided to hear Agenda Item Number 9 before Agenda Item Number
8.

Council took a break from 7:48 P.M. to 7:54 P.M.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Number 9.

9.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and
     Approval of a Site and Design Review Application for a new Two-Story,
     7,500 Square Foot, 50-Foot Tall Building Designed to Handle Sludge
     De-watering and Truck Load-outs, With Adjacent Stand-by Generator,
     and a new Outdoor Equipment Area Next to the Existing Incinerator, to
     be Placed Centrally on the Regional Water Quality Control Plant Site at
     2501 Embarcadero Way (Continued From March 21, 2016).

Mayor Burt: We're actually now moving to an item that is continued from
last week, which is adoption of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and
approval of a site and design review application for a new two-story, 7,500
square foot, 50-foot tall building designed to handle sludge dewatering and
truck load-outs with adjacent, standby generator and a new outdoor
equipment area next to the existing incinerator, to be placed centrally on the
Regional Water Quality Control Plant site at 2501 Embarcadero Way.
Mr. Bobel, welcome.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Thank you, Mayor. Phil Bobel,
Public Works.      I'll be joined shortly by Amy French of the Planning
Department. We'll also have our Plant Manager, Jamie Allen, here and our
consultant from CH2M HILL. I'm sure they'll be here for your questions.
This was the timeline that we've been through, and I won't go through it.
Suffice it to say we've been to the Architectural Review Board twice, once as
a Study Session, once as an Action Item. We've been to the Planning and
Transportation Commission who has forwarded it on to you. The main item
for you tonight is really the approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration
associated with the sludge dewatering and off-haul facility at the sewage
treatment plant. These were the issues that came up. The first issue is the
height of the building. We went through the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA), and they determined that it would not have a significant impact on
operations. That issue did come up at our Planning and Transportation
Commission. You may want to hear more about it later. Issues came up
around odor and noise. We believe we've responded to those points that
were raised on the Mitigated Negative Declaration. Sludge storage, a
question came up.        Once we get this thing built, we phase out the
incinerators, how much time would we have in the event of an emergency
that we could store sludge? If we don't have the incinerators and something

                                                                        Page 40 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
