                          TRANSCRIPT
the green is on the upper left is Johnson Park, where you have the
pedestrian traffic. By putting the entrance on Kipling, you're encouraging
access going through neighborhood streets where there's already
documented accidents, especially on Everett and Middlefield Road. That's
not where you want to increase the flow of traffic. This is just a shot of the
type of traffic that you see for pedestrians on Kipling where they're about to
cross. That curb cut is the proposed garage access. Hexagon did a second
study, which I did read. One of the flaws with the traffic study is that it was
done in June where traffic is low in Downtown because everybody's on
summer vacation. It also doesn't account for the composition of the traffic
on Kipling versus Lytton where there's more children on Kipling. It ignores
public safety decrease due to shifting traffic from Lytton onto Kipling and
potentially the neighborhood streets.       It also doesn't account for the
congestion due to things like delivery trucks or the size of the parked cars.
Hexagon comes in for two to three days. They take a sample, and they
apply statistics. They don't understand the nature of the traffic like the
residents who live there and see the type of cars that move in and out all
the time. These are the Codes I believe it violates. I'm not going to get into
this. This is my appeal letter. I'm going to get to noise. The project
includes a second-story terrace which faces residential homes. It's got
residential homes on all three sides in close proximity, 25 feet from my
home, approximately 12 feet from the nearest home.                   This is the
architectural rendering which, I think, the perspective kind of distorts things.
The terrace is the yellow in the center. You can see how it's surrounded by
residential homes. This is a little bit more accurate. You can see the red
outline are the homes that surrounds the terrace in the center, which is the
blue rectangle. I've labeled the ones on the left 1 and 2, and the ones on
the right 3 and 4. Here are some photographs of 1 and 2. This is along
Waverley. You can see the windows that would be right next to the second-
floor terrace. Here are the homes along Kipling, 3 and 4, which would be
facing the right side of the terrace. Here is the view of the terrace from my
second-floor window. Now, you can apply landscaping to screen the line of
sight which is fine, but the landscaping is not going to do anything to
obscure the noise. As a second-floor terrace, there are no structures to
obstruct the noise, which will travel through Downtown North because it's a
very quiet neighborhood. The noise will travel. They have a Conditional Use
Permit, but that essentially just shifts the burden of enforcement to the
residents. I want to get to compatibility. The proposed building is three-
story, 40-foot structure, and the buildings roughly adjacent to it are all
single-story. You guys have already talked about this 18.18.110. It has a
nice diagram. The building that's being proposed is similar to the one on the
right in the red. The buildings adjacent to it are all similar to the low-density
yellow structure that is on the left-hand side of this diagram. This is a view
from Kipling Street from the architect's drawings. You can see the small
                                                                          Page 38 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
