                         TRANSCRIPT
not limit the ability of these innovative companies to compete here in Palo
Alto. We definitely encourage you to work with us to support the very solid
framework we have developed for reducing traffic congestion in Stanford
Research Park, which we hope will improve quality of life as well. Thank you
very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jamie Jarvis, to be followed
Karen Bouvier. Welcome.

Jamie Jarvis: Thank you. Good evening. My name is Jamie Jarvis, and I'm
the Transportation Demand Manager for Stanford Research Park. I lead the
Stanford Research Park transportation working group, an organization
dedicated to developing and implementing transportation programs tailored
to the needs of employees in the Stanford Research Park. The working
group was convened by Stanford in 2015 in response to Research Park
employers identifying traffic congestion as the top priority issues that
adversely affects their ability to recruit and retain talented employees. The
group consists of 18 key employers, ranging in size from less than 150
employees to over 3,500 employees and representing a variety of business
sectors including high tech, pharmaceutical, mobility and professional
services. I am consistently impressed by the members' willingness to work
together, share information and promote new programs. With their support
and efforts, we have made VTA Eco Passes available to over 14,000
employees in the Research Park, launched an informative transportation
website and a personalized trip-planning tool, enhanced and modernized our
guaranteed ride home program, provided ten free safe cycling and repair
clinics at worksites throughout the Research Park, celebrated and rewarded
over 1,100 cyclists on Bike to Work Day, promoted and subsidized an on-
demand carpool app that has attracted over 1,500 users, and will soon
launch a long-distance shuttle to the west side of San Francisco to provide a
much needed commute option along the 280 corridor.               Employer and
employee response to these programs has been tremendous, and each
success generates additional enthusiasm and support for new programs. I'm
truly excited about the momentum we have built, but I am concerned that
some of the proposed Comp Plan measures could distract from our future
efforts, de-motivate our employers and even potentially defund our
programs. It is important to remember that the Research Park business
community shares the same key goals as the greater Palo Alto community,
to effectively reduce traffic congestion and improve quality of life. For this
reason, I encourage the City of Palo Alto to engage with Research Park
employers and our transportation working group to ensure that the Comp
Plan enables us to achieve the results we all desire. Thank you.



                                                                          Page 60 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
