                          TRANSCRIPT
about that with one of the projects currently. I guess, are we getting any
additional clarity as to when that would be relevant?

Mr. Lait: The way I read that reference to historic resources, one, we've
sort of set up historic character to sort of reflect the pattern of development
of a particular area, but also for consideration of historic resources. These
are properties that are on our inventory.

Council Member Berman: Historical resources list.

Mr. Lait: Yeah. We do that anyways, actually. Just as a part of review, we
look to see what is on the property from a historic standpoint. That part of
"2" I don't have a concern about. I have some reservations about some of
the other comments, if there's an opportunity.

Council Member Berman: Council Member Holman, you mentioned when
you cited that "1" through "4" under big "2," where did that come from
again?

Council Member Holman: It came from the SOFA 2 design standards and
also compatibility standards. It also is—I don't know word for word, but it's
pretty darned consistent with also what the Context Based Design Criteria
are. I put them in here because they're kind of basic and because the
Context Based Design Criteria only refer to the CD, CS and CN districts and
not others.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. A similar question to what I just had
about the difference between "appropriate" and "relevant." In Number 5,
the landscape design is desirable. What does that mean and kind of
according to who? How is that meant to be interpreted? It seems like a
higher level, a higher standard I guess than suitable.

Council Member Holman: That would be a goal. "Desirable" is, I think, a
higher standard than "suitable." "Suitable" seems to be—again, it's a bit of
semantics. How I read "suitable" is it's even less than appropriate. It just
seemed like this provided some better clarity and some stronger oomph
behind what our goals are as a City.

Council Member Berman: Do we have something somewhere that—excuse
my lack of knowledge—says these things are desirable, these things are
suitable, these things are appropriate? I mean, how is that meant to be
interpreted by the ARB? I don't know if it's a question maybe for Staff
again.

Mr. Lait: I guess we do have ... We don't have any prescribed standards.
                                                                         Page 27 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
