                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: That's direct Staff to implement the other report
recommendations consistent with stated qualifiers, that is "consider." That's
Recommendations 3-5.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION:     Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to:

A.    Accept the Storm Drain Blue Ribbon Committee Report; and

B.    Direct Staff to proceed with a Proposition 218 ballot-by-mail process to
      gain property owner approval of the proposed Fee (Recommendation
      Numbers 1 and 2); and

C.    Direct Staff to implement the other Report recommendations,
      consistent with stated qualifiers (e.g. “consider”) (Recommendation
      Numbers 3-15).

Mayor Burt: Would you like to speak further to your Motion?

Council Member Kniss: I'd simply say at this point that the Blue Ribbon
Committee certainly did an excellent job. I know that we will move forward
expediently on this. I know there are other aspects of this to be considered;
however, I think that we should pass this at this point and go on to any of
the other considerations.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I also wanted to thank the Committee. I
think they did a great job on this. I think it's really important that we are
actually having a flat fee. I thought the structure of the—a partial flat fee. I
thought the structure of it was excellent, that we have the flat fee for the
basic maintenance and operation of the storm drain. For the projects, we
have the rest of it. That way we have a sustainable and clear process to
fund things going on in the future. I thought that was a really good job and
thoughtful. I also thought the recommendations were good. I really didn't
have any problems with any of them. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A question. The point of impact, if you will, the
discharge point of impact, why is that being suggested to Council that that's
a "consider it" as opposed to "implement it"? What would a timeline be
looking like if we did say consider it? When would it be coming back to

                                                                          Page 19 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
