                          TRANSCRIPT
that were getting away from a lot of their best uses that we had had
historically including affordable projects. In reacting against that, we put a
ban on them for all affordable projects which is the way we've done most of
our affordable projects. I hear from all sectors of the community support for
affordable housing. Quite often it is followed by "but." The "but" can be
pretty darn extensive. First, if the "but" means "but I really can't accept any
significant tradeoffs," then that really makes whether this is affordable
projects or other projects. It's rare that we don't have tradeoffs, and that's
part of a set of competing community values, how do we balance tradeoffs.
Not whether we exclude consideration of something because there would be
tradeoffs. I think we all have to face up to that kind of process. When we,
for instance, did the SOFA process, which everybody in hindsight says that
was really the best planning process we did in this community over a couple
of decades, it was about tradeoffs start to finish. Those were the discussions
we had throughout. Now, through a lot of work, we reduced the negative
tradeoffs. We found certain solutions that weren't tradeoffs that were black
and white, kind of having to really hold your nose against something.
Clearly, not everybody liked the outcome in all ways. It was about what
were acceptable, reasonable tradeoffs and reconciliations, really, about
those values. If we can't as elected officials feel comfortable with being able
to exercise, balance judgment around tradeoffs, I don't think we ought to
sign up for the job. That's as direct as I can be in terms of us facing up to
looking at value structures that we have around affordable housing and
avoiding a simplistic response of "I'm for it as long as it falls from the sky
like manna." It doesn't. These are very difficult to build in environments
such as ours with incredibly high land prices and incredibly high cost of
construction. There is not going to be an easy, no impact, affordable
housing project. We can't say, "I'm for affordable, and I don't want it to
cost a lot, and I don't want it to have any impacts or be outside of our
regular zoning." You might as well just be honest and say, "I'm opposed to
affordable housing," because that would be the practical reality if that's the
standard. I want to challenge all of us to look at accepting the tradeoffs and
then set up a process where we actually get good projects. A lot of those
critiques are also important. As Council Member Holman talked about, we
don't necessarily have to have great tradeoffs on design. We may have
some, but we can have good design on affordable projects that will be much
more embraced by the community just because of good design. I do want
to toss out one other thing. On this California Avenue project, for instance,
you'll be losing some of that ground-level open space. One thing that we've
talked about a lot is having more rooftop gardens. If we have great
densification, to have community open space there. I strongly encourage
you to look at that. I also am intrigued by some of the veteran components
that you've been looking at. I'd be interested in that. It doesn't mean it's
an all vets project, but can we have some proportion of it be eligible for local
                                                                         Page 22 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
