             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Special Meeting
                                                              June 28, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:09 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois arrived at 6:14 P.M., Filseth, Holman,
           Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our first item tonight is Agenda Changes, Additions and
Deletions. We have to announce that we have an item that was Consent
Calendar Item Number 15 from last night, approval of a contract with West
Bay Arborists. That's now our Item Number 4 for this evening. Before we
hear from members of the public on Oral Communications, I just want to
make sure the public's aware that Item Number 2a tonight, the 567 Maybell
project, we had our Public Hearing on last Monday, the 20th. We opened
and closed the Public Hearing. All public comments were taken on that date,
and we rolled over the Council discussion 'til tonight. I want to make sure
people understood that process.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: On that note, we have two members of the public to speak on
Oral Communications. Our first is Stephanie Munoz, to be followed by
Arthur Liberman.

Stephanie Munoz: Thank you, Council Members. I would just like to remind
you that we have more density now than we used to have. For most people,
that's a bad thing, but it's not entirely bad. It makes possible a more
sophisticated civilization and stuff. If you would allow people to have
smaller, little parcels, like mini houses—I know a few weeks ago somebody
brought that up. You seemed to be agreeable at least to thinking about it.
If you would at least turn your minds toward variances and toward a certain
type of attitude toward poorer people who can't afford to have a big house
or only nine houses on a plot that could hold 10 or 11, I think the town
would be happier. I wish you could sort of turn your minds in that direction.
Thank you.


                                                                     Page 1 of 80
