                          TRANSCRIPT
Marie-Jo Fremont: I'm also a Palo Alto resident. I've been here for about
23 years. I will continue on what Rachel Kellerman said previously. We
respectfully request that aviation impacts become an upgraded City priority.
Comments from citizens regarding City priorities show that the majority
across 16 neighborhoods in Palo Alto agree with us. The City must be
proactive and invest resources to work with the regional airports and officials
at all levels of government to build alignment on long-term original solution
for aviation issues that affect Palo Alto. This is especially important now as
the City will need to be prepared to react to the Select Committee
recommendations that will be implemented over the next 12 months. The
City should take advantage of local community knowledge and expertise.
We can help develop plans and articulate recommendations. We suggest
considering a standing Council work group to keep the momentum going.
We already have three specific recommendations we would like the Council
to consider tonight and act on in future meetings. One, the City should join
the SFO Roundtable because it is currently the channel of communication
with the FAA and the only body with technical aviation experts on their staff.
Two, the City should demand direct voting representation on the Ad Hoc
Committee as that group will determine the permanent successor body to
the Select Committee on South Bay Arrivals. Three, the City should ask SFO
to install noise monitors in Palo Alto immediately to document airplane noise
on the ground and monitor changes as routes are modified in the future.
The City should ensure that reliable noise data is always available to its
citizens. On behalf of a group of concerned neighbors, we implore you to
continue to invest in this important work because quieter skies means
healthier communities. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Rita Vrhel.

Rita Vrhel:      Thank you, Mayor Burt, for taking my card.             Open
communication was listed at 6:30 P.M., so I thought if I came at 6:10 P.M. I
would be here on time. Thank you. I just want to let everyone know that
Policy and Services Committee meeting to discuss dewatering will be on
12/14, Wednesday, at 6:00 P.M.. Earlier it was announced at 12/13 in
letters to the editor that were published either before or after the change.
I've handed you two handouts. One of them is from Public Works, which
lists the eight residences which had pumping this last year, in 2016. Next,
each one of them I had to put in the $500 daily fine. The first project would
owe $8,500, the second $8,250, etc. Seven of the eight projects pumped
over their allotted time. Again, these figures are from Public Works. The
fine figures are from me, but the regulations did say $500 a day. To my
knowledge, no fines have been levied to date. This is $30,000 at least. It's
not a lot, but it's quite a bit of money, at least to me. What's also
interesting is that the same builder did 181 Heather and also 757 Moreno.
                                                                         Page 19 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
