                         TRANSCRIPT
choosing one over the other. We urge you to find the resources to make
this happen. The Council has stated that traffic and parking are a priority
and approval of these applications will demonstrate that you mean it. I
don't need to remind you that an important bike boulevard goes directly
through our neighborhood, and safety for bikers is extremely threatened
with the current parking situation in Southgate. We have some of the
narrowest streets in Palo Alto. Most are no more than 24 feet wide. With
cars parked on both sides of the street, bikers and cars are left with only
nine feet to traverse our streets. As you can ascertain through application,
being adjacent to Palo Alto High School has caused the biggest impact on
parking in our neighborhood. As of today, I mean today, we have had
approximately 100 students parking in our neighborhood every day, Monday
through Friday. Recently we appeared before the PAUSD Board and the City
School Liaison Committee to raise awareness of what we are dealing with.
We've received little response from Paly in seeking a resolution to our
issues. However, the fact of the matter is with increasing enrollment from
1,700 in 2007 to projected enrollment in 2020 of 2,300 students, there will
never be adequate parking to accommodate the students who wish to drive
to school. In 2007, there were 400 spaces for student parking. Today,
there are 183 spaces. When construction is done in 2020, there will be 215
spaces. The school needs to address this issue without using Southgate as
their overflow parking lot. We've heard the suggestion that Evergreen and
Southgate applications could be lumped together and that we would both get
the College Terrace solution. Speaking on behalf of the neighborhood,
Southgate would prefer to have its own RPP process so that we may best
find the fit for our neighborhood and the opportunity to work within the
stakeholder process.      Thank you for taking the time to listen and
thoughtfully deliberate on this important action.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Our next speaker is Neilson Buchanan, to be
followed by Eileen.

Neilson Buchanan: I'm very pleased to see that there has been an outbreak
of neighborhood concern about this that validates the concerns that four or
five neighborhoods on University Avenue have been articulating for 10
years. I think the political time has come that something has to be done. I
wish I had 10 minutes to talk, but I simply don't have the physical stamina if
I had it lined up to talk to you. We've got a lot of experience to offer from
University Avenue parking permit. I think you have a binary decision
tonight. You're either going to ramp up and do a Manhattan-type project to
stem the insult to the neighborhoods from spillover parking or you're not.
The Planning Commission, I was pleased with their decision. They basically
said we have no idea how to prioritize. Staff has not given us any criteria.
We'll let the Council do it. I think that was the right decision. Somehow in
                                                                       Page 83 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
