                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think the question is are we going to get something done
tonight and do a little bit in a couple of weeks or are we going to do the
whole thing in a couple of weeks.

Council Member Schmid: Those are the two options we have.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to vote on the Motion.

Council Member Kniss: Pardon?

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to vote on the Motion on the floor.              I'm
happy to amend it. Again it's to discuss a possible resolution, if that ...

Council Member Kniss: So that we don't have to come back in two weeks?

Council Member Schmid: No, we are coming back in two weeks.

Council Member DuBois: No, we're coming back. That's what the Motion is.

Council Member Schmid: We're coming back in two weeks, Liz. That's the
(inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: It's not in the Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Can I offer a friendly amendment?

Council Member Schmid: Staff has announced though that the return will be
within a couple of weeks.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Kniss: I think that should be in the Motion.

Council Member DuBois:       In "G," can you make it to return within two
weeks?

Council Member Schmid: Is that okay (crosstalk)?

Mr. Mello: Can I just clarify? The ordinance requires two readings, so we
have to come back a second time for the ordinance. What we are proposing
is to come back with the amended resolution at the same time that we come
back for the second reading of the ordinance.

Council Member Kniss: That means that we are voting on the ordinance.

Council Member Wolbach: Before I approve as the seconder, I get to weigh
in before it gets approved as friendly. I just want to double check that
                                                                        Page 121 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
