                          TRANSCRIPT
themselves. We invite the public, but we actually didn't have anybody from
the community at those meetings. We don't usually have anybody come to
our meetings, just so you know. During that time, we reviewed the
following things: the Sierra Project, which was a step in part of the
technology funding project; the digital collection; adult programs; teen
programs; overall use of all the libraries including use at College Terrace.
We also regularly monitor community feedback that comes to the Library
Director. This last year, there were bed bugs in the Library. We paid
attention to that, how that was being treated, which has come along very
well. The Library's regularly checking for the bed bugs, and no more have
been found. Use of bikes. We've monitored book drops, noise, 3-D printing.
Commissioners McDougall and Moss attended the American Library
Association (ALA) conference. Commissioners Chin and Moss attended a
California Public Library Association (CPLA) workshop. We also participated
in other events. As part of what we do, as I mentioned, we also look at the
comparative statistics that are provided by the State of California for other
libraries in the state, and particularly we identified ten other community
libraries that we are checking on a regular basis, yearly, to see how our
Library compares. We also look at San Francisco, San Jose and Santa Clara
County, which are not comparable in size to us, but just to understand what
the services are. You'll get little tidbits of those statistics later as we go on.
We've tried to provide a lot of pictures. The libraries are bringing our
community together. We have here a picture of Mitchell Park, teen bikes at
Mitchell Park, girls coding session, I believe, at Mitchell Park and Rinconada
Library. Bringing our community together. We have five branch libraries.
I'm sure everybody knows that. What this does is it really improves the
accessibility of libraries for our community. It's something the community
chose to have as their approach for libraries. It improves walkability and so
on. The spaces themselves, they're award-winning spaces. We have
awards from the American Institute of Architects.             The San Francisco
Chapter gave us a Merit Award. Mitchell Park Library was a Library Journal
Landmark Libraries winner. The California Library Association gave us a PR
Excellence award for the grand opening of Mitchell Park. We do very, very
well. We provide competitive services and award-winning services. This
year, 2015, the Library is again a three star library for the Library Journal,
which is a country-wide survey of libraries and their services. That's very
good in the set of libraries that we mentioned earlier. Only one other,
Redwood City, did get four stars. I think that's possibly because they report
that they have a large number of programs. San Francisco and Santa Clara
County are also four star libraries. They are much, much larger library
systems than we have. Also, in the National Citizen Survey, our public
library services were rated excellent or good by 90 percent of those
interviewed. That's up 10 percent year over year. Eight percent more
people reported that they had been visiting the Library in the survey this
                                                                           Page 3 of 104
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/4/16
