                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: No. I think we asked that question and got a very similar
answer two different times from Staff.      I just accept it was all well
intentioned by all parties, but I heard two different times from Staff
descriptions of how they responded that indicate it's beyond what your
intent was and what our general practice would be in best public policy.

Council Member Holman: That certainly wasn't our intention. I don't think
is intending that, and maybe the wrong words are being used. I don't think
it's Staff's intention. I think it's really important when looking at these—just
kind of a general statement here. My comments on the Guidelines as
proposed. My concern about them from the very beginning in seeing this
draft is that it doesn't set forth what the goal is for outcomes. I think it was
Matt said it's just littered with "if possible," "where feasible" and all of that.
If a general statement is made about here are the goals and we understand
that it's not always possible. When we send messages time after time after
time after time, "if feasible," "where possible," "if possible," it really dilutes
the intention of the purpose of a guideline. It's not a requirement; it's a
guideline. We have to establish clearly what the goal is.

Mayor Burt: I saw that as you described it in a number of the changes.
There are a few that seem to go considerably further than that. This one
example that the Vice Mayor just cited is actually prescriptive. I don't even
know—I'm seeking actually clarification—whether within the Federal or the
State Standards we are allowed to be that prescriptive. It would be one of
my questions. If we are, then we have a policy discussion on whether we
want to be.

Council Member Holman: We are allowed to be that prescriptive, if/but we
had an Ordinance that was stronger. Since we don't, the Secretary of the
Interior Standards are actually guidelines and the basis on which projects
are reviewed.       Again, because we don't have an Ordinance that
substantiates those, it's all voluntary. That's why I'm saying, from my
perspective, the Guidelines should set forth what the goals are and what the
standard is for determining if a project satisfies the goal. The goal being
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Interior Standards, which again we
cannot enforce because we have a weak Ordinance. Because this came so
late, not faulting Staff. We couldn't find a time to meet until last Tuesday.
Because this came so late, I only saw it this afternoon at 4:00 P.M. and then
only every other Page came. There's some of these that I don't agree with,
because it says in a couple of occasions "do not remove" and "do not remove
(inaudible)." I wouldn't agree with that language either. I think it is too
harsh and sounds like a requirement. Those weren't words that I intended
to convey to Staff. My apologies if that was, but I don't think I put those
words in. It was, I'm sure, Staff's best attempt to try to capture what the ...
                                                                          Page 62 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/12/16
