  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

thought we were going to have chances to do them and they just didn’t
pencil out.

In the meantime we have been in recent years having an income from that
commercial fiber loop of over, of around $2 million a year. And we now
have $20 plus million in that fund and that is what we call an Enterprise
Fund. We can’t use it for other purposes. And so the Council a couple of
years ago redefined and slightly broadened what we could use it for so that
we can use it to help leverage the dollars of private investors into a Fiber to
the Premise Program and to a broader community wide Wi-Fi rollout that
we’re doing successively. You’ve probably seen we have it in all our public
buildings now, we’re having it in more parks, and we’re looking at an even
broader plan to do that. So that is a major project and in the coming weeks
keep your eyes open we’ve been working on this for the last year and we’ll
have some additional matters coming before the Council that is moving that
forward. We’re all very hopeful that we’re on the cusp of actually signing a
deal on that in the coming months.

But really all of these things that we do are dependent on our City’s
finances. Without the dollars all those things I just talked about simply can’t
happen, not to mention the wonderful services of this library and our
community services that are out of here and other places. They all depend
on our budget and when we were in the Great Recession before the Great
Recession we recognized that we were in a financial problem. Before the
recession hit we had deficits out for as far as the eye could see and no
funding source to be able to fix our roadways better than they were, no
funding source for any of those other projects, and the Council starting
seven years ago when City Manager Jim Keene came on board began a
process to work through and make our budget sustainable, to reform a lot of
unsustainable employee benefits and pension systems and to put in a new
pension system for new employees and to have the employees share in the
cost to a greater degree. And I want to say that that doesn’t come easy for
employees. So anybody who we often hear in the community why don’t we
just do this and take this away or whatever, but we’re talking about having
to work through negotiations to get all of our City employees to ultimately
participate in making our budget long term sustainable so that we can invest
in our future and that out children will have the sort of community that
we’ve been able to enjoy.

But this last slide represents one of our last great components of having a
real financial sustainability we have, we had accumulated as all these cities
throughout the state a Long Term Unfunded Pension Liability. And the
                                                                            Page 5 of 18
                                                               State of the City Address
                                                                                 2/24/16
