                         TRANSCRIPT
primarily as neighborhood parks versus regional parks. In those cases,
weigh the neighborhood feedback probably more. I'm thinking about parks
that really aren't on main roads; there's really no parking; most of the users
are actually people who live nearby. There did seem to be a lot of text
dedicated to transportation, particularly bike paths. Is there anything in
here—we have a separate Bike and Pedestrian Plan. Is there anything in
here that's different from that Plan?

Ms. Schmitt: This is intended to layer on top of that and to maybe provide
reasons for prioritizing certain routes or improvements because they also
benefit the park system. There's been quite a bit of coordination between
that. Also, a lot of interest from the community in being able to get around
by bike and by foot.

Council Member DuBois: We have a separate Plan, and I just wanted to
make sure they were aligned. There were a few on the map—I think it was
in your presentation on Page 10—that was calling out a path on Cowper, on
Clara, and then this segment on El Camino, which I actually had seen on our
major bike plan before, particularly the one on El Camino. We have a pretty
major bike path along Park Boulevard, along the tracks. My perspective
would be to emphasize that one to go into Menlo Park by El Palo Alto rather
than diverting people onto El Camino.

Mr. de Geus: Council Member DuBois, I think that's a really good point.
We'll sit down again with Josh and Hillary just to make sure that the Plans
are in sync and that we're building upon what's in the Bike/Ped Plan. We've
tried to be very careful about that, because there are lots of different
planning documents. We don't want them to be all independent, and we
don't want them to repeat one another either, but really complement one
another from the Public Art Master Plan to the Urban Forest Master Plan to
even the Comprehensive Plan. I'm not sure we've got it quite right just yet,
but that's a good point on the transportation. I think there's maybe a little
more we can do on that one to sync up the two.

Council Member DuBois: I understand the emphasis was different. If you're
just highlighting the ones that would connect to parks ...

Mr. de Geus: A safe routes to parks theme is what we're trying to have in
here, but we're getting transportation.

Council Member DuBois: Just real quickly on some of the programs and
policies. There was a policy about community gardens, but no programs
underneath it. I think we do have some private community gardens that we
should maybe see what we could do to convert those to public or protect
them. Again, Ventura is a good example. There's a community garden on
                                                                       Page 19 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
