                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Allen: Mountain View and Los Altos had their own treatment plants that
they retired. They lost the capital value of that plant when they invested in
our plant in 1972. To acknowledge the fact that they lost the capital
investment, they got the rights back to all the products created, the
wastewater products, the biosolids, whatever. That was put specifically into
the Basic Agreement to acknowledge their loss of their capital infrastructure.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. There's this one clause here in 5.4
that I just want to understand how you would see it working. In the second
paragraph, it says if a requesting agency wants more capacity than they're
getting and the other parties aren't willing to pay their fair share, then the
requesting agency will then own rights to the new supply being produced. It
seems to say you could own rights to more recycled water than you were
contributing.

Ms. North: Where are you? Are you at 5.4?

Council Member DuBois: 5.4, second paragraph, that last sentence.

Ms. North: Talking about water rights and transfer of water rights, is that
what you're asking about in that question?

Council Member DuBois: Let's use Mountain View. They're entitled to up to
eight million gallons, seven. Let's say they decided they wanted more and
they were willing to fund it, does this say that they would own the rights to
the new supply? They would own more than seven at that point.

Mr. Keene: Isn't it controlled by that separate—this seems to be the
prolonged way to getting to your max. If you were actually to take some
actions that generated more supply than you thought, you're entitled to
that. You're not entitled to take Palo Alto's fair share of supply.

Mr. Bobel: We'd have to have a new agreement about that. If Palo Alto
didn't want to agree to give up its rights, which it probably wouldn't, then it
wouldn't agree to that expansion.

Council Member DuBois: The thing I'm most worried about this in 5.4 is we
mentioned East Palo Alto's need for water. Do we think we'll get in a
situation by 2060 where the amount of water that East Palo Alto wants
would cut into our commitment to deliver Mountain View its allocation?

Mr. Bobel: Like I say, the working assumption that we were making as Staff
is that this should be treated as though each of these partners were entitled
to the water that they contribute.       We wouldn't propose to you any
agreement that would undermine East Palo Alto or any one of the partners'
                                                                        Page 76 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
