                          TRANSCRIPT
Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC) to diagnose issues and solve
them. Most importantly, we haven't detected any fecal coliform, and that's
the stuff that you need to watch out for. Overall, we think our treatment
techniques are working effectively, and no additional action is needed at this
time on coliform. Moving onto lead. The other contaminant we detected is
lead. We detected those at very low levels but in excess of the public health
goal. It's important to note that with lead the sampling is done at the
customer tap, so it can be hard to distinguish whether the lead is coming
from the customer's fixtures—this is actually where we think most of it is
coming from—or from the City piping. I'll talk about that in a minute. I'll
show you this chart. These are the samples that we took at the customer
taps. Most of the samples were actually below the public health goal level,
which is excellent. The 90th percentile sample is what we gauge ourselves
on. That was at 1 part per billion, which is above the public health goal. I
think it's worth noting, as you look at this chart, this is the regulatory limit
up here at 15 parts per billion. This is where lead levels are in Palo Alto.
Palo Alto has some of the lowest lead levels on the Peninsula. These are
Santa Clara County and San Mateo County agencies. We really are pretty
much the lowest.

Mayor Burt: Jon, I was trying to make out on this graph where that line is
on the public health goal. I see it. The little one right near the bottom. Got
it. Thank you.

Mr. Abendschein: The public health goal is the tiny green line. Lead does
have risks even at low levels, though. It tends to be neurological effects in
children, and that understandably makes people nervous. The Office of
Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (OEHHA) uses safety factors and
assumptions about how much lead people are getting from other sources
when they set the public health goal. They set it fairly low, at a blood level
that has been statistically associated with a one IQ point change in
neurological development.       They also make some fairly conservative
assumptions about how much lead children are getting from other sources.
Then, they apply safety factors, and that gets you down to the public health
goal level. We are fairly close to those levels. When you factor in the safety
factors and things like that, I think we're actually very close. That said,
each person needs to make their own assessments about how much lead
they're comfortable with in their drinking water. Fortunately, it is something
that you can—if you want to be able to control it to an even lower level,
there are things that you can do. There are water filters that will take lead
out of water. There are customer plumbing changes, plumbing upgrades
that you could do to deal with lead. We suspect that as far as sources go,
the sources of the lead we're seeing in our samples is likely customer
plumbing. We've removed all known lead from our system. Lead can still
                                                                          Page 57 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
