                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We're going to jeopardize being able to get to ...

Mayor Holman: I understand, but I didn't get to ask questions in the first
round or I didn't ask questions in the first round. The Motion as it stands
now does not reference the Attachment B or the handout. It just references
the five points that are on packet page 428, which does not reference
Attachment B. To the maker of the Motion, was your intention to include ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Staff addressed this point already. Staff said that it is
included, the concept of this, but they didn't want to be stuck with the
specific language. They intend to put the substance of this in the regs when
they do the stuff, but they do not intend to be stuck with this specific
language. That's what Staff said. They said it was already included. If you
want to—given that, I don't see any reason to not follow what Staff wants to
do.

Council Member Holman: I guess my clarification is there's no reference to
anything forthcoming or any kind of further specificity to this. It's just like
one through five.

Mr. Bobel:     In our Staff Report, as part of "5," it says the detailed
requirements are described in Attachment B. Attachment B is that one-page
list that was handed out. The only reason we ...

Council Member Holman:      I'm sorry.   Where are you reading, Phil?           I'm
sorry.

Mr. Bobel: It's the fourth page of our Staff Report under Group 1,
Recommendation Number 5. It's at the top of the page. It's the second
sentence.

Mayor Burt: We can assume that says it, right?

Ms. Struve: It's packet page 429, at the top.

Council Member Holman: My final comment on this will be that I've had
longstanding concerns about this. I'm not persuaded that the actions
recommended by Staff and Policy and Services are going to enhance
protections for neighboring properties. I sort of look at this—I was reading
through this the other day, and I was sort of struck by something. If this
were—it's not and I recognize that—an environmental analysis, which it kind
of in theory is even though not literally, would I consider that what's being
proposed by Staff as an adequate mitigation?          The answer from my
perspective is no. I can't support the recommendations. Should this Motion
fail, we'll come back to some other considerations.
                                                                        Page 59 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
