                         TRANSCRIPT
Emerson we would utilize the two-way configuration of Alternative 2 on the
north side of Embarcadero.

Council Member Berman: Second.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to identify Alternative 1, with the change to utilize the two-way
configuration of Alternative 2 on the North side of Embarcadero Road, from
Trader Joe’s to Emerson Street, as the preferred alternative for the
preparation of an environmental analysis and plans, specifications and
estimates for construction for Embarcadero Road between El Camino Real
and Emerson Street roadway improvements.

Mayor Burt: I'll say that both are decent. It's very clear from all of the
input that we've received from the public—we've had many dozens of emails
supporting Alternative 1. I don't think I've seen a single email supporting
Alternative 2. With this design which—I just want to say this is a really
constrained area. I want to really express the appreciation of our Staff and
consultants for coming up with solutions that are so good for an area that I
hope for marginal improvements. I didn't think you would be able to come
up with designs that are this good. It's really quite an accomplishment for
something that has so many constraints on it. I think this is going to make
this area where basically the best way to get to Town and Country, Paly or
Stanford is going to be by bike or foot. It'll be the most convenient and
fastest way to get there. I think we'll see a lot more people taking it. I
already have a hard time finding a bike rack at Trader Joe's when I shop
there by bike. This will just make it so much better, including to Stanford.
We look at Stanford events. The whole notion of driving on the Stanford
campus and trying to get parking there, Stanford wants to discourage that
as much as possible. Now we have a way to align their discouragement with
our encouragement. I think this is really going to be a great breakthrough
combined with what we're doing. We've already approved for Churchill.
These east-west corridors are going to be a big breakthrough connecting to
not just the Stanford Rim Trail for Stanford but think about all of the high
schoolers who live in College Terrace or even other areas that will be
crossing there and just the whole community. We look at the Dish and
everybody who drives to the Dish to take a hike. This is just all opened up
by these two different routes. This is a big accomplishment. Those are my
comments.

Council Member Berman:    I just want to follow up on Mayor Burt's
comments and say how impressed I was by first the outreach to the
community and then the thoughtfulness that went into a lot of the
improvements. You guys thought of every nook and cranny of how you can

                                                                     Page 84 of 120
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/19/16
