                          TRANSCRIPT
be fine, but the jobs numbers might be low just based on the amount of land
we have zoned for commercial use and the amount of commercial building
space we have. Remember, there's not a directly proportional relationship
between new building space and new employment, because some
employment happens in existing building space. That's just something to
keep in mind. Also, our thought articulated in the Staff Report is that this
square footage amount seems reasonable based on the 50,000-square-foot
cap that the Council has already indicated at least its interim support for and
the amount of square footage that we have already approved at the Medical
Center. When it comes to population and housing, our highest option that
we provided you is 20 percent over the ABAG or Scenario 4. Some have
suggested going even higher than that. I know you've gotten a lot of emails
from the public on that. I'll just say that going higher with housing would
provide a greater spread between the scenarios, and thus provide more data
at the end of the day. I think you can look at this Scenario 5 in two different
ways. You can look at it as "I think Scenario 5 is where we're headed with
this Comp Plan Update. That's going to be my preferred alternative." You
can also look at Scenario 5 as a way to get more data to make an informed
decision. You might not end up with Scenario 5, but by analyzing a high
housing number, you can inform a discussion and then potentially the
preferred alternative is something other than that. In terms of zoning
changes, the big ideas for Scenario 5.          We're talking about potential
replacement of some commercial Floor to Area Ratio (FAR) with residential
FAR. We're talking about this idea of a performance-based zoning regime
incorporating mitigation measures, enforcement mechanisms, and then
penalties or changes in the regime that happen if those measures aren't
being met. We've included in the Staff Report a measure related to net new
trips, limiting net new trips from new development as a sample of what
direction we could go in. This is a big idea that I think would take some
additional development during the planning process, but we're excited to
pursue that with you. We also mention in the Staff Report our investigation
so far into this idea of regulating employment densities, which is honestly
quite a significant challenge to think of a way that we could do that
effectively. Other characteristics of the fifth scenario. I think we're looking
for any input you have on the infrastructure investments that should be
included. At this point, we're thinking that you probably want to include
those included in Scenario 4. Obviously we're thinking that this scenario
would be consistent with the S/CAP goal that the Council has adopted or
indicated its support for, which is an 80 percent reduction in greenhouse gas
emissions below 1990 levels by the horizon year of 2030. We would want to
include in this scenario Comp Plan policies and programs that are supportive
of S/CAP strategies. We mention in the Staff Report that we now have a
subcommittee of the CAC that's working specifically to identify where those
crosswalks happen and how we can make sure both documents are
                                                                        Page 55 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
