                         TRANSCRIPT
have done a great job. I'm excited about the planning process, to think
through the things that we're going to do over the course of the next few
years with the program. Thank you.

Ben Miyaji, Public Art Commission Vice Chair: Good evening, Mayor and City
Council Members.       I'm Ben Miyaji; I'm Vice Chair of the Public Art
Commission and Chair of the Public Art Master Plan Advisory Committee.
Thank you for moving this item up on the Agenda. It gave me a jolt of
energy, enough to make it through this. Thank you very much. It was a
long flight from Boston this morning. The Advisory Committee was a very
diverse group of community members that included local business
representatives, Stanford University members, environmental advocates,
former City Council Members and Mayors, Palo Alto Unified School District
members, artists and most importantly students from the local high schools.
These were very important because we need to have our youth involved, so
everything that we work for now they can carry on and they get involved.
Many, many hours went into the Plan you see before you tonight. A public
outreach process that involved hundreds of people through artist outreach
meetings, open public meetings and my favorite the Mobile Arts Program,
the two guys on the bikes. There were six Public Art Commission meetings
and a retreat that dealt with the Master Plan. The Plan involved the close
working of the Public Arts Staff, City Staff, the Advisory Committee, the
Public Art Commission and the consultants to shape the Plan in its current
form. This was a good process and reflects the input received from all the
sources. The Plan provides flexibility with goals and objectives that can be
implemented as the landscape changes in the next ten years. The Master
Plan is a guide for the next decade of Public Art in Palo Alto with an updated
Mission Statement and Vision. I'm really, really excited to get started on
this. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Does that conclude the Staff Report?

Ms. Halpern: That does conclude it. I just wanted to introduce to you Loren
Gordon, another Public Art Commissioner who's here for support too. Thank
you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Thanks for a great presentation. Since we only
have one member of the public who wishes to speak, why don't we go ahead
and have that person speak, and then we'll return to both questions and
comments together. Mark Weiss, you have up to three minutes.

Mark Weiss: Did you say I get nine minutes? No. Thank you, Council
Members. This is today's New York Times. I just happened to run into it
this morning. On Page D6 and D7 in the sports, it's an article about the

                                                                        Page 68 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
