                          TRANSCRIPT
Business and Economics Elements and Housing Element of the
Comprehensive Plan and that would have a Transportation Element that
would be consistent with that level of development and that would have
programs that would need to be funded by a tax. The policy question of the
level of development and the transportation programs needed should come
before having a vote on a tax. In the meantime, Stanford Research Park
can continue funding its own Transportation Management Association
without the need of a separate tax. I was concerned that, in the polling of
the VTA transportation tax, the question was an argument in favor of the tax
rather than the actual ballot language. What is missing in the polling
question was Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART). When the voters will be voting
in November, they'll have the ballot language in front of them. It seems
strange not to be testing that language. In addition to the housing bond
measure that will be on the ballot, there'll also be up to four statewide
funding measures. It would seem reasonable to have polling questions that
would show the voters all of the taxing measures that would be on the ballot
so that they could get a more accurate idea of how they would vote. The
consultant said it's only similar measures that might create a conflict, for
example, two transportation measures. Another two measures that might
have a conflict are two Palo Alto measures. Earlier this evening you had the
storm drain protest scheduled before you. That 45-day protest period would
end October 17th. That last week of that protest period would be when
people would be receiving their sample ballots and their vote by mail ballot.
They would have two Palo Alto measures essentially before them at the
same time. Not knowing that that was what you were doing this evening, it
was not possible to add that to the polling as well. I think that the polling
questions that you had are not determinative of what the actual voting
would be because of those omissions. I also believe 2018 would be better.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I now have a card that was for Bob Moss, who is
listed there. Next speaker, Bob Moss. Go ahead.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I look at this from
a more general standpoint. We have expenses in town, and we have to
raise money to pay for them. Before Proposition 13, businesses paid 60
percent of the total cost of property taxes and residents paid 40 percent.
Since Proposition 13, that's flipped, and businesses pay a little under 40
percent, and the residents pay over 60 percent. The businesses have been
getting a break in overall taxes. Palo Alto is one of the, I think, four cities in
the State of California that does not have a business license tax. We have
problems with traffic and parking. All of the surveys I've seen in the last five
or six years list those as the two biggest problems. They're not caused by
residents; they're caused by businesses because we have so many people
                                                                           Page 64 of 98
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/27/16
