                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Which I think we're doing. The question is if we
don't do it tonight, we probably don't do it 'til August which would impact
the schedule.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I call the question. Let's vote.

CALL THE QUESTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Burt
to call the question.

Mayor Burt: We have to first vote on calling the question. That passes 8-1
with Council Member Schmid abstaining.

CALL THE QUESTION PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

Mayor Burt: Now vote on the Substitute Motion.         That passes 9-0.          That
concludes this item. Thank you all.

SUSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 9-017. PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of a
Mitigated Negative Declaration and Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting
Program, and Approval of a Site and Design Application to Demolish the
Existing Approximately 18,000 Square Foot Building and Construct a new
Approximately 62,000 Square Foot Building for an Automobile Dealership
Located at 1700 Embarcadero Road.          The Application Includes Design
Enhancement Exception Request to Allow Deviation from the 10 Foot Build-
to-Line From Embarcadero Road and Bayshore Road. There is Also a
Request to Apply the Automobile Dealership (AD) Zoning Overlay.
Environmental Assessment:      An Initial Study and Mitigated Negative
Declaration was Circulated. Zoning District: CS (D) Service Commercial and
Site Design Review Combining District. The Planning and Transportation
Commission Recommended Approval.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Public Hearing on a Mitigated Negative
Declaration and mitigation monitoring and reporting program and approval
of a site and design application to demolish an existing building and erect a
new 62,000-square-foot building at 1700 Embarcadero Road.                The
application includes a Design Enhancement Exception and also a request to
apply the auto dealership zoning overlay. There was an Initial Study and
Mitigated Negative Declaration that was circulated. The existing district is
the CS(D). Jonathan.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. I'm going to introduce Sheldon Ah Sing; he's a contract
planner with M Group. He'll make the presentation this evening.



                                                                           Page 94 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
