                           TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: One was a set of corrections in response to Mr. Borock's
comments. The other was the City Manager's response to Item 10.

Mr. Keene: I don't know if Lalo wants to come up here in response to the
responses on Agenda Item Number 3. I would say that actually this would
almost be a departure from our practice to get wide-ranging questions like
this from the public on an item about two or three hours before the meeting,
and the Staff respond to them in the depth that we did. I don't know if,
Lalo, you can help us.          The item is really designed to close the
Comprehensive Annual Financial Report for Fiscal Year 2015. It's been
through our review process. I think our outside auditor has taken a
complete look at the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report. As it relates
to the financials of the City and the requirements that must be met to satisfy
the closing and issuing that report, it has met all of those tests. I'll turn it
over to Lalo. I'd be a little bit lost to be able to tell the Council for what
reason you should not go ahead and approve the report.

Mayor Burt: We have at our places a memorandum from Lalo principally
with a number of corrections that Staff acknowledged. At a minimum, I was
assuming that those were ones that you're recommending that we would act
on.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director/Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we
would recommend those. Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer. Thank you,
Mayor Burt. While we appreciate that somebody's paying close attention to
our material which are very important and acknowledge the comment, the
numbers do not change in our financials. The financial position of the City is
stated correctly in numerical format. We did have a couple of wording or
mislabeling in one area where we said we were increasing a net decision
when it was actually decreasing, but the numbers do not change. There
were a couple of additional comments that were made during the speaker's
time, and he mentioned that the Fiber Fund in terms of CIPs. Just because
you have a CIP budgeted, that doesn't necessarily mean that there's an
expenditure or an adjustment. That's what was our point. In terms of the
Stanford data, it is a data set that is difficult to obtain. I don't believe that if
I'm calling Stanford that they're going to be willing to break out the numbers
for us between which parts are in town and which ones are not, so we used
a general data set. Consultant that gives us the information, and that's why
we caveat it. We'll continue to look and see what else we can find, but we
recommend that you take the changes that are not material nor numerical in
consideration with the approval.


                                                                            Page 30 of 125
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 2/1/16
