                          TRANSCRIPT
many of you took part in in January with more than 300 people and probably
about 500 people in a couple of polling processes to try to gather input and
perspective from the community.         As you know, our greenhouse gas
emissions are down about 36 percent since 1990.               It's a stunning
achievement made possible by our efficiency efforts and significantly by our
carbon neutral electricity commitment. Here you see the comparison of
1990 and 2030. The emissions that we've already reduced up 'til now, more
than a quarter million tons. What it says here, these are decisions that have
already been made, both "business as usual" contributions from State and
Federal policy, things like the Federal Corporate Average Fuel Economy
(CAFE), fuel efficiency standards that are already in motion already been
made here, for example the Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan, the Green Building
Ordinances and so forth and, of course, the entire utility efficiency program,
things that are already in motion. Those together bring us down to about a
52 percent reduction by 2030, if those programs continue to go forward. To
contrast that, the State goal for 2030 is 40 percent. We're sitting very well
in connection with the State goal. Between that and the 80-percent target,
there are a couple hundred thousand additional tons of emissions that would
need to be reduced. More than half of those, we propose, would come out
of transportation changes. Almost half would come out of energy efficiency,
largely in buildings and a small amount from continuing to forward our solid
waste programs. The measures in this plan are characterized, I think, by
three different kinds of moves. Some of them involve reducing resource
use, traditional efficiency measures to reduce the amount of energy, water,
greenhouse gases, what have you, needed to get the job done. Some
involve shifting from one resource to another or one technology to another.
For example, shifting from fossil fuel automobiles to electric vehicles;
shifting potentially from natural gas to electricity as we are currently
investigating; shifting from primary reliance on potable water to increased
reliance on recycled water; and so forth. Some of the moves are more
transformative, really looking at moving from individual car ownership as the
dominant vehicle, if you will, for how we get around to something more like
mobility as a service with much less individual car ownership. Shifting from
a system that provides subsidies for parking at a time we're trying to reduce
dependence on the automobile to something that uses a fee-based system,
perhaps like Stanford has done, to channel parking revenues into funding
transportation alternatives. Little hard to see on the screen here; hopefully
you can see it better in your Packet. This characterizes the primary 24
strategies. Right to left, the items on the right have a larger greenhouse
gas reduction impact; the ones on the left are lower impact. The items
higher on the chart have less cost, in fact many of these have negative
costs; they put money back in the community's pockets right from the start.
The ones below the zero line have higher costs. This is a simple way, with a
caveat on the precision of the analysis, to start to think about priorities. We
                                                                         Page 18 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
