                          TRANSCRIPT
here to approve the pilot. I think we can have offline opportunities as a
Council to give that kind of input. Let's make sure that we don't drift into
that.

Council Member Holman: It was just two mentions of things I wanted to be
considered that are in the listing, that I think are big things. I'll do one
which is waste. No surprise that even LEED does not consider the full
impact of demolition and construction. LEED doesn't consider the full cycle
of that. We as a City, even though we have a C&D ordinance, don't look at
salvage and the impacts of that. I'm hoping that you'll look at including that
so we can consider some of these big picture items too. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth:      I just want to make sure I understood the
discussion over the last 5 minutes. We're going to do the pilot. A question
for the City Manager. We're going to do the pilot. Basically the City
investment in it is 40 hours of Staff time. The next stage beyond that that
we commit more City time and effort is either, one, integrating the results of
this into the S/CAP or, two, responding to the RFP. Did I characterize that
right?

Mr. Keene:     I think that's correct.     Either one of those would be a
discretionary decision by the Council to direct us (crosstalk).

Council Member Filseth: I'm encouraged by Ken Dueker's comments. Other
than that, I concur with everything the Vice Mayor said.

Mayor Burt: I just want to make sure I'm doing the math right on this 40
hours. We've spent almost 2 hours and nine Council Members and four to
five Staff members. Is this time going to be subtracted from the 40 or is it
that the clock starts ticking after we approve this? I say that in part in jest,
but for a point. This is not the first meeting we've had on this. We're
talking about a small pilot with a very limited amount of City resources
involved. In a City that we pride ourselves on being described as the center
of technology and innovation and when we have a pilot innovative program,
we seem so hesitant and with so much trepidation to move forward. I just
don't know how we can embrace that moniker unless we can be a little bit
more bold in moving forward without this level of trepidation and
hairsplitting and what we've gone through tonight.            Those are my
comments.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Since you've been on Council?
                                                                          Page 61 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
