                          TRANSCRIPT
done for the City of Cupertino. We took that same basic approach and
essentially asked the question from a city perspective, You might want to
look at multiple different types of destinations. Those might include work,
and they might include shopping, school and recreation destinations. If you
lay those all on top of each other, you can start to ask the question where
do we have multiple different gaps that we might want to try to fill with
infrastructure improvements.

Mr. Mello: Thank you. That concludes our presentation. We'll be glad to
answer any questions that you may have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Josh. Before turning it over to my colleagues, can
you dive a little deeper about how these changes will affect how we go about
reviewing projects, and maybe some examples or give us some greater
flavor. This is a lot of the correct technical information, but I suspect that
we're struggling to put it into context.

Mr. Mello: I'll let Ron build off this. Under the SB 743 changes, we'll still be
allowed to look at level of service as we do today as part of our local
development review process. Any Environmental Impact Report (EIR) or
any action related to CEQA will need to instead look at the vehicle miles
traveled that are generated by a particular development. I'll let Ron talk
about the comparison that they're going to make with already built
neighborhoods in the surrounding area and how that's actually going to work
on a functional basis.

Mr. Milam:      An important part of the new change here is trying to
understand what's acceptable VMT versus unacceptable VMT. The way the
State has set up the structure is that the first step in your review process
will probably be a screening process. The State's recommended that for
projects located in low VMT-generating areas, for example places that are
around high quality transit stations, they should basically require no further
analysis. You would literally verify the location and check the box. You
would also have the potential to screen if you have evidence that the area is
low VMT-generating even without transit. The example there might be using
forecasts from regional agencies or doing your own forecast and
demonstrating that an area generates 15 percent less VMT than the existing
citywide average or the regional average. It might be another way that you
would screen these projects out. The intent is for infill projects or projects
that meet those objectives of 743, to encourage active transportation and
promote infill, should require a lot less analysis than you currently do today
for vehicle level of service and any other impacts. Josh is right. If you still
want to analyze those other effects, you can do that as part of your
entitlement process. Consistency with your General Plan would be one of

                                                                          Page 9 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
