                          TRANSCRIPT
construction is 75 pounds of greenhouse gas per square foot of new
construction. That's not to say that we shouldn't ever build anything new,
but we should not put our heads in the sand about what the impact is. We
need to be accounting for—let me put it this way. They aren't value
statements about new construction; they are factual and oftentimes
mathematical analyses and calculations that could be done that we need to
be accounting for in whatever we do in this community. For instance, in the
manufacture of concrete in many things, we're really putting the greenhouse
gas impact off onto other communities, because we don't make concrete
here, for instance.     It's made not so far from here, and it's quite a
controversial issue. We need to be accountable not just to what specifically
happens in this community, but what we might also be off-putting into other
communities as a result of what we do here. I don't think that we want to
consciously or even unconsciously have that kind of impact on other
communities. As far as getting input, I agree City Manager has said and
other Colleagues have said too that the S/CAP needs to track with the Comp.
Plan. That's absolutely critical because the S/CAP should not be driving the
Comp. Plan. They should be working together. There should be a back-and-
forth discussion. How that happens, I don't have the answer at this
moment. Certainly it should be looked at and commented on by the CAC
members. Also, I commented earlier about the advisory board. They're
really some huge gaps in the expertise. I mentioned some of them earlier.
It seems to be pretty heavily loaded in one area, which doesn't make those
people invaluable, but it is not a very inclusive group. When you look at
what the impacts are and interests are that we're talking about in the S/CAP,
I don't see those interests and issues addressed in that advisory board. One
of the members of the public talked about a carbon tax. I think we need to
be thinking about that. How do we address some of the impacts and how do
we account for those and calculate them and how do we address them to the
best of our ability? I think those are my comments at this point. You've
heard enough about the things that aren't included, that I don't think should
rely on existing plans, because some of our plans are either in draft form or
aren't complete. I think if you pay attention and not just the reference to
the Urban Forest Plan, for instance, which has some lacking. If you listen to
the comments made by the public and made by the Council Members, those
things should be a part of what comes forward and integrated into those
other plans. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for this Report. A couple
of things. Is it possible for the City Clerk to put up slide six from the Staff
presentation on this? It was one of the ones that had three circles on it.
While City Clerk is working on that, just a couple of things I wanted to
                                                                         Page 50 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
