                      ACTION MINUTES

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

Consent Calendar

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-10, including changes outlined in the At
Place Memorandum for Agenda Item Number 8- Approval of Contract
Amendment Number 4 With Van Scoyoc Associates Inc…

3.      Approval and Authorization of the City Manager to Execute a Contract
        With Builders Protection, LLC in a Total Not-to-Exceed Amount of
        $4,620,000 for Three Years for Water, Gas, Wastewater, Electric,
        Storm Drain, and Street Resurfacing Construction Inspection Services;
        and Finding That the Contract’s Approval is not a Project Requiring
        California Environmental Quality Act Review.

4.      Resolution 9618 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
        Alto Correcting Clerical Errors in two Items Previously Approved as
        Part of the Palo Alto Clean Local Energy Accessible Now (CLEAN)
        Program.”

5.      Approval of Contract Number C16163335 With Sierra Traffic Markings,
        Inc. in the Amount of $850,000 to Provide On-call Traffic Safety
        Services, Allowing Them to Implement Minor Roadway Improvements
        in Response to Community Service Requests.

6.      Approval of a Revenue Agreement With the County of Santa Clara in
        the Amount of $250,000 Over two Years for Support of Intensive Case
        Management in Connection With Housing Subsidies to be Provided by
        the County of Santa Clara for Palo Alto’s Homeless.

7.      Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to City Council for
        Next Steps in the City's Neighborhood Engagement Initiative
        Including: Establishing a Yearly Goal of Three Town Hall Meetings;
        Updating the Co-Sponsorship Agreement; Adopting a List of
        Neighborhood Associations; and Amending the Annual Budget to


                                                                             Page 2 of 7
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 08/22/16
