                          TRANSCRIPT
divert to something else here. An example of how this occurs or generates
is many of the candidates for City Council were not endorsed by police, fire
or Service Employees International Union (SEIU), of which I am chapter
chair, because it would be a liability for the candidate because of the
longtime hostility of Palo Alto towards labor, much of which was driven by
the media in the past.       The community does not attend City Council
meetings, so a very few hostile voices are often quoted. Granted 95 percent
of the employees don't live here; I'm one of the few people who do, so they
can't vote for City Council Members. You would think that the function of
the City would be a priority in a campaign. It's amazing how you can avoid
the topic altogether. It gives you an indication of the regard for labor. Now,
I know much of this is very unintentional, but we are part of the community.
We celebrate this community. We work for this community. I think we can
bring about change in Palo Alto, and I think we can bring recognition and
pride of our City to its employees and the recognition of what they need for
their living needs. I appreciate the moves which you have done on that
part. Thank you so much and let's move better to a great community.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sea Reddy, to be followed by
Stephanie Munoz.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, Mayor and the City Council and citizens of Palo
Alto. I'd like to take 1 minute to thank the City Hall, the Mayor and the
team that put together the Veterans Day event Monday. We had a very
good Veterans Day celebration, recognition on November 11th. The second
item I'd like to bring up is the elections are over. The national elections are
over. The local elections have been very well conducted by the County
administration. We've all placed our votes, and we know the verdict. I think
I congratulate the winners as well as the candidates. The one thing I'd like
for the City of Palo Alto, the citizens, to consider writing to whoever, the
influential people at the national level, for Mr. Trump to give a carrot to the
61 million people that voted not for him but for Hillary and the team. What
I'm requesting is that I think he should consider getting Judge Garland's
nomination into the Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) hearing.
Whatever comes out of it is a great thing. That basically says that he is
listening. That prevents, minimizes the concern with the prochoice team.
We are confronted with future appointments.           Our SCOTUS is getting
(inaudible). I think Judge Garland is a fine man, a minority in that sense, a
white minority, a lot of things. I think that gives the country an idea that
President-Elect Trump is considering this. Also, I would like for the City to
consider a nice Mayor in January, we would have. I would like it to be
transparent, no backroom deals. I'd like you to think about Karen Holman

                                                                          Page 8 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
