                          TRANSCRIPT
Governor's not going to care. If we actually propose possible amendments
to make it better, that's something where we might be able to have an
impact. I think this is the right balance. I think we should definitely oppose
the process, and I'm glad that we're merging the two letters to do that.
Other than that, I think it's moving in the right direction.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think we're where we were a good half hour ago.
We're really saying let's send forth a balanced letter, something that is
balanced. In addition to that, I think we need to be working with our
legislative person that we have—who drew the attention to this to begin
with. This is going to move so fast, they will be voting on it, and it will be in
place before we know it. This is the time of year when things go so quickly.
If we can, yes, put this together, let's make sure that we're talking with the
League representative and with our lobbyist in Sacramento in order to let
them know what we're willing to do. As I mentioned, the person who is the
President of the League said that they are going to try and work very closely
with everyone. We are not the only city in California thinking—I just said to
Marc, "How many are there?" I think there are 450 cities. Everyone is
taking a stand on this. Everyone has something to lose or gain. A lot of
cities feel they have something to gain. While we may feel very strongly
about this, there are a number of other cities that are feeling just the other
way.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I like the direction this conversation is going. I
think this is definitely heading us in the right direction where we're talking
about the process, we're opposing it on principle primarily because of that
process if nothing else. We're also being politically realistic and addressing
that something might happen regardless of whether we weigh in. We are
weighing in with some recommended changes. I would suggest including
language about displacement protection for existing tenants, whether that's
in the form of right of return or relocation within the community or other
language. Having something referring to displacement protection, I think, is
important. Addressing jobs/housing imbalance is important, rather than
square footage.         Both of these were Council Member Holman's
recommendations.         I fully support both of them.          Changing our
recommendation from addressing square footage of commercial to
residential, it should be addressing jobs/housing imbalance and just saying
this would only apply to projects that do not provide for more jobs than
housing. Also support what Council Member Kniss was just saying about
working with our lobbyist. Obviously Palo Alto has unique experiences and

                                                                             Page 46 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
