                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I know you want to keep it ... Sorry. What you
have said is provocative. If we were to make mobility a major thrust, how
would you then as a Staff come toward that differently than you would if it
were put in a different way?

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Council Member. I don't necessarily know that we
would come at it differently, but the Council would be articulating to the
community and to us that this in and of itself really required some special
focus and some special thinking. Personally, I feel like it gets lost. I
actually don't like the Built Environment one just for the same reasons that,
again, I don't think most of the public knows what Built Environment means.
I think that's insider language. I'm not saying something like this is right,
because it's a completely different direction. I'm trying to think about what
everybody talks about. It's more like Housing and Jobs: the right balance;
forget that other stuff; move parking into mobility; or you say Livability:
housing and jobs the right balance; you drop Infrastructure out and know
that we're going to deal with; parking is part of mobility; and you put tying it
all together the Comp Plan. I just throw that out as it sounds like it's more
in the zeitgeist of the community right now, those pressure points.

Council Member Kniss: That actually does make a lot of sense.             I really
appreciate your adding that.

Mayor Burt: I can take a short stab at answering your question. I think if it
was the Priority, it would give additional focus on two areas: the strategies
and the funding. We can have all kinds of solutions, but if we don't have
really significant funding to address these things, we don't go anywhere with
them. The strategies we already have are TMA and how does it go from a
concept to a really impactful initiative and what are the functions that would
be performed by the TMA versus those that would be by the City. I mean,
do we have a future where we might have a shuttle system that is really a
local shuttle system where it's reliable and really extensive and all the other
aspects of mobility? That's what I would see would be over the next, if it
was a Priority, the next three years.

Council Member Kniss:     Mobility defined, I think, would certainly persuade
me.

Mayor Burt:   Are we ready to vote on the amendment?           Council Member
Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'd like to point us to the Citizen Survey. Question
Number 2, for instance, one of the points there is overall quote/unquote
built environment of Palo Alto including overall design, buildings, parks and
transportation systems. It's not to say that Citizen Survey is defining our
                                                                          Page 48 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
