                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Now we'll proceed to consideration of the Consent Calendar.
Do we have a Motion to approve? Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll move to pull ...

Mayor Burt: You need your mike.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sorry. I'll move to pull Item 10.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

Mayor Burt: That is ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Then I'll move to pass the Consent Calendar with the
corrections noted in Lalo's memo.

Mayor Burt: We need three members to—three, correct. First I was stating
the number. We need three members to remove a Consent Calendar item,
and we have Vice Mayor Scharff, Council Member DuBois and Council
Member Holman wishing to pull Item Number 10. The balance of the items
are moved to be approved with the adoption of the word changes to Item
Number 3 that were at our places and which Mr. Perez just summarized.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois,
third by Council Member Holman to pull Agenda Item Number 10-
Agreement with Empowerment Institute… to be moved to a date uncertain.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-9 including corrections contained in the
At Places Memorandum for Agenda Item Number 3.

3.    Budget Amendment Ordinance 5378 Entitled, “Budget Amendment
      Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Closing the Fiscal Year
      2015 Budget, Including Authorization of Transfers to Reserves, and
      Approval of the Fiscal Year 2015 Comprehensive Annual Financial
      Report (CAFR).”

4.    Approval of the Fifth Amendment to Extend the Lease With Thoits
      Bros., Inc. at 285 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 100 for a Period of
      14 Months and Approval of the Second Amendment to Extend the
      Sublease With Thoits Bros., Inc., 285 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 200 for a
      Period of 14 Months for use by the City Development Center.

5.    Finance Committee Recommendation for Council to Review and Accept
      Information on the new Government Accounting Standards Board
      Pension Reporting Standards Known as GASB 68.
                                                                        Page 31 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
