                            TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I have a final question. Council Member Holman had raised
issues around a spur road. Mine is more modest, but a concern. My
understanding of the map is that there are no pedestrian accesses out of this
site other than to California Avenue. Is that correct? We didn't really
discuss this. Why is that?

Ms. Gerhardt: There were several discussions about that as part of the
original proposal. Originally there was conversations about having a street
or pedestrian access out to Page Mill Road. That was determined to be—the
applicant was not offering that. It was not required. There was no impacts
that needed to be addressed that would require such a connection. That's
why it wasn't implemented originally.

Mayor Burt:   When you say it's not required, is it within our discretionary
approval?

Ms. Gerhardt: There were no CEQA impacts that would have required that
connection.     From a transportation perspective, there are several
connections to California Avenue. We felt with the original proposal that that
was sufficient.

Mayor Burt: That didn't really answer my question.

Ms. Gitelman: I believe this was the subject of quite a bit of discussion
when the Council first heard the tentative map a year or two ago. We'd
have to look back into the record about what the discussion was about and
why the final decision was made not to include that. We could certainly do
that.

Mayor Burt: My question was whether it's within our discretionary approval.

Ms. Silver: We'd have to look back at the Development Agreement as to
what is in your overall approval.       I know that tonight the particular
subdivision map act section that allows for this change in circumstances on
the final map limits the Council's discussion or the discretion to amend the
final map to just the changed circumstances. If you want to pursue this, you
would have to link it to the changed circumstances that's in front of you
tonight on the reconfiguration of the homes.

Mayor Burt: Link it that there has to be a nexus or simply link them?

Ms. Silver: I think both.

Mayor Burt: That's disappointing. I do think that the planning for a
development of this size without pedestrian access other than out California

                                                                        Page 67 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
