                          TRANSCRIPT
happened and we couldn't take the sludge offsite as planned, then how
much time would we have? The answer is at full capacity, we'd have about
two days. Immediately we'd have more like three days, because full
capacity hasn't been reached. Just a brief reminder. The whole point of this
project is to phase out our incinerators at the sewage treatment plant. This
is Step 1, as we've identified it before to you in our organics facility plan.
Step 1 is to be able to dewater the sludge and haul it somewhere else. That
allows us to phase out the incinerator. Step 2 is to put in our own system as
most sewage treatment plants do. Our current proposal is that that be a
facility like most sewage treatment plants have, but we'll be reviewing all
the technologies and decide whether anaerobic digestion as we're tentatively
proposing is the final choice. That final choice isn't before you tonight. It's
only the Mitigated Negative Declaration on this first step, the dewatering and
off-haul facility. The fourth item is that the East Palo Alto Sanitary District
was not advised immediately when we issued—they didn't get a copy of the
Mitigated Negative Declaration. We feel very badly about that, but they've
now had it for over a month. I've been at their board meeting, briefed them
thoroughly. We'd actually briefed them several times before, and we don't
believe they actually have any comments on the Mitigated Negative
Declaration. We feel badly that we missed a step and didn't get it to them
immediately on issuance.        They have now had it for over a month.
Landscaping, we'll show you some pictures of that. That issue came up with
the Architectural Review Board. We made several proposals; they chose
one, and you'll see that in a minute. Here's a shot of what it would look like
from the highest point at Byxbee Park, our old landfill. The landfill height at
its highest point is 65 feet, which is roughly the same height as our new
building is 50 feet from ground surface; it's 60 feet from the mean sea level.
It's roughly the same height as this hill at Byxbee Park. Here we are looking
out from that hill at the sewage treatment plant. We've superimposed on
the right hand what it will look like with the new building. We think it helps
make the point that it's frankly not dramatically different, not significantly
different even in California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) terms, than
the current situation. As you look at the building from the gate to the
facility, as you would be walking or driving into the plant, the upper left-
hand is what it would look like with the new building in place. You can see
it's the largest building in the distance. I wanted to make sure you saw
what that would look like as you drove into the sewage treatment plant.
Again, that building is 50 feet tall, the right-hand portion of it that you're
seeing. It's mostly concrete with some Cor-Ten steel. In the lower right-
hand is another project that's going to be coming to you shortly for a
construction contract approval. It's a canopy over our household hazardous
waste facility which, as I think all of you know, is right in front on the right-
hand side as you drive into the sewage treatment plant.               That's our
household hazardous waste facility. We didn't have enough—the money sort
                                                                          Page 41 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
