                         TRANSCRIPT
continue to thrive in Palo Alto. At the same time, given the widespread
conservation efforts that are characteristic of our community, the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC) discussion noted it is particularly important that
customers who are unable to install solar due to various reasons not be
forced into a cross-subsidy. That's all I have there. Let's see. I did want to
share that we have deployed a fire engine to the large wildland fire in Kern
County. That was back on Friday. Engine 65 along with four other engines
from Santa Clara County deployed to the Erskine fire. As of today, the fire
had burned 45,000 acres and destroyed over 200 structures. Our strike
team consists of Captain Bill Dale, Operator Mike Northup, and Firefighter
Tom Yandell and Firefighter/Paramedic Tom Hamilton. Join Mayor Burt and
the City's Office of Emergency Services and community emergency service
volunteers this Wednesday, January 29th, from 7:00 P.M. to 9:00 P.M. in
the Adobe Room of Mitchell Park Community Center for a crime safety and
emergency preparedness forum. Topics will include neighborhood watch,
crime prevention preparedness and steps to take before a disaster, and how
to be prepared. The forum is free, but advance registration is encouraged at
epvolunteers@panneighborhoods.org. Once again, there is recognition for
the Magical Bridge Playground which, as you know, opened last year and has
gained national attention for its innovative design, including from the White
House and Michelle Obama's Let's Move campaign. It's now been recognized
again in the Best of San Francisco magazine under the section called "South
of the City," which highlights the playground's design to serve children with
a range of physical and cognitive disabilities. Almost finally, I did want to
share that a couple of weeks ago several of us were at the Alliance for
Innovation conference in St. Paul, Minnesota, where the City was recognized
for outstanding achievement in local government innovation for its Running
Government IT Like a Startup, which recognizes the work the IT Department
did to create the civic technology on the second floor of City Hall. Last but
least, if you get to a lull in the meeting tonight, I thought you might have
fun with this View-Master. A friend of mine who is ...

Mayor Burt: 3-D?

Mr. Keene: Pardon me?

Mayor Burt: Is it 3-D?

Mr. Keene: It's hard for me to see with these glasses. Anyway, this is a
retro take on a very innovative approach. A friend of mine who is the City
Manager of West Hollywood is promoting the future of parking in West
Hollywood. This is a fully automated garage at City Hall in West Hollywood.
Be sure to start it. Look through this, and you can take a look at it. That's
all I have to report.

                                                                          Page 3 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
