                          TRANSCRIPT
it is critical that we establish that this is a critical Priority, that we get Action
Items on the Agenda to deal with things like the development cap, mixed use,
housing, basic demographic assumptions, jobs/housing balance.                 Council
guidelines on these issues are so critical, and the only way to get them is to put
on the Action Item Agenda chances for us to interact with the CAC as they go
through these deliberations. I think that should be a Priority for us today.

Mayor Burt: I just want to remind folks that under Item 3 is when we're going
to talk about those particular Council meetings that will have focus on some of
these very things. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I think it's really interesting when we think about
Priorities that one of the things Staff's clearly asking us to do is say we have—
what is it? Sixty-nine work plan items, let's prioritize, let's make choices, let's
do less work, let's prioritize what we're going to do. When we look at adding
new Priorities, I think we'd have to be really careful about what new work we
add, given this direction of let's try and prioritize [video malfunction] done.
With that said, it did strike me that from our earlier morning conversation that
the biggest issue in Palo Alto really emerging is mobility. I could see mobility
as a Priority, actually frankly as a fifth Priority, which would basically cut up the
Built Environment and add a little bit more of an emphasis on mobility. We'd
take out some of the stuff we're doing in the Built Environment, put in mobility,
and then put more emphasis on that. I actually think I would advocate for
doing that. Karen did point out that it's not just the Built Environment; it's the
Built Environment: multimodal transportation, parking and livability. I think
that sort of captures mobility, but I think mobility is what people really want us
to focus on and fix. I actually would advocate for a fifth one when it comes
down it of mobility.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm not sure I agree with the Vice Mayor, but I'm
willing to think about it during lunch. As we add more Priorities to this, it
becomes more and more difficult to focus on just what those are. The ones
that I see that jump out at me, where I'll use, as it turns out, my green sticker.
I know we have different colors. Looking on the Comp Plan in front of us, the
ones that really jump out are 12 and 13. If we're talking about mobility and
we're not talking about parking guidance or parking study of our housing types
and so forth, I don't see how we're going to get anywhere in the area of
mobility without doing that. I also want to go back to one of the comments the
City Manager made about traffic, which I think we tend to forget. We hear a
great deal of complaining about the traffic in Palo Alto. If I drive into Menlo
Park, actually I think it's worse. I even think it's worse in Mountain View. For
any of us who went to the dinner the other night, parking there was difficult

                                                                            Page 33 of 86
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 01/30/16
