                          TRANSCRIPT
also trimming standards. I don't know where the best place is to put this. I
found maybe three places where it could go, but I'll leave it to wherever
Staff thinks it should go. One place might be on Page 7 of 16, somewhere
around Program 4A. We need to add funding goals for regular trimming and
maintenance program. Those that were on the Finance Committee heard
me say today I thought it was really interesting that the proposed budget
had moved our pruning cycle from seven years currently out to 15 years. I
thought it was kind of ironic given that this was on our Agenda tonight in
particular. Page 9 of 16, under Program 6Bix, the second bullet, review and
expand the requirements and options for mitigating the removal of existing
trees for development projects. It doesn't say anything about considering
alternatives to removal. I hope somebody else is watching the screen to see
if these are captured. Page 10 of 16, Program B5xii, just put language in
there that provides a better outcome description. It says to document it and
upload it, but it doesn't talk about what the goal is and what the work
description should be. Page 11 of 16, under Goal 6 and then 6A, there's
nothing here that quantifies these various things, like the absorption of
carbon dioxide and air pollutants, for instance, or the vibrancy of a
community. There's nothing that quantifies either in terms of air quality,
water retention, wind block, the dollar value that trees add to the
community.

Mayor Burt: Can I jump in here?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Mayor Burt: I think we've got to distinguish between specific language
changes that we can do at this time and things that you would like to see in
the next update to the Plan. You're raising issues, but we don't have a
succinct change, then it's open-ended. Tonight we're looking at adopting a
Plan. Some of the things that you've done said this specific language
change, and it seemed clear-cut. As we're going into just concern areas, I
don't think we're going to be able to resolve that.

Council Member Holman: In this Policy 6A—thank you for that—I would
suggest add quantification of the benefits. Is that agreeable? I can't say
right here the value of a tree is $75,000.

Mayor Burt: Let me ask. Tonight we're adopting this, and we'd be adopting
it with specific language. Is that correct or can we ...

Molly Stump, City Attorney: It's not final adoption of the Plan. It's direction
and the Staff intends to come back in the fall.


                                                                       Page 100 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
