                          TRANSCRIPT
Molly Stump, City Attorney:    If you have a second for the group already,
that's sufficient.

Mayor Burt: Can we vote on them individually?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, you as the Mayor could ...

Ms. Stump: Yes, you can.

Mayor Burt: I can divide them.

Ms. Stump:    If you add new elements, then you'd want a second on the
elements.

Mayor Burt: Good enough. Is there a second that's been made?

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

Mayor Burt: Second by Council Member DuBois.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to direct Staff to:

A.    Return with options to provide affordable housing for moderate income
      government employees including funding options and any barriers to
      creation of such housing; and

B.    Return with a program for micro-units Downtown, including decoupled
      parking, not selling parking permits, lease restrictions with minimum
      impacts, and how many units to include in a pilot; and

C.    Return with a plan for more bike storage Downtown; and

D.    Move housing sites from San Antonio Road to California Avenue and
      Downtown.

Mr. Keene: There was a question about the Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) connection. Before Hillary even answers that, I really do feel we need
to keep all of these in the realm of this signifying a direction you would like
to explore in more depth coming out of a very broad-ranging discussion
tonight. We've got to come back.

Mayor Burt: I think we should have—Vice Mayor Scharff had agreed to this
in principal, but let's get this language into the cover sentence to the Motion
which is to direct Staff to evaluate feasibility of doing these changes in the
nearer term.

                                                                        Page 99 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
