                         TRANSCRIPT
you're saying that there's no policy change to our assumptions as a result
and we'll have that data through the other reports, then I won't be
supporting the amendment. I see no other lights. Let's vote on the
amendment. That fails on a 6-3 Motion with Council Members Schmid,
DuBois and Holman voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 DuBois, Holman, Schmid yes

Mayor Burt: We now return to the Main Motion. We have no more lights
there, so please vote. That passes 8-1 with Council Member Schmid voting
no. That concludes our action items.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: We're just wrapping up on Intergovernmental Affairs, which I'm
not aware of any things until after tomorrow.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements.
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: On the eve of, I think, what we could say is a
remarkable election and at the tail end of a remarkable election season, I
just wanted to mention that I'm actually working on drafting a Colleagues
Memo regarding local campaign finance reforms that would study
establishing local donation limits by individuals or organizations, total
expenditure limits by campaigns, and disclosure requirements for campaign
advertising. I've begun to and will continue to reach out to colleagues for
potential coauthors.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: In light of the election being tomorrow and the
predominant political party that's in Palo Alto, just a quick announcement
that Perry, the Bol Park donkey, will be coming home within about a week or
so. Two candidates are being interviewed to be his new companion. We'll
have two donkeys back in the community before long.

Mayor Burt: I get the donkey joke. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I would just like to ask the City Manager
that the report on Plan Bay Area implied shift in jobs to square footage,
which was quite dramatically different than the ratio we have been using of
                                                                     Page 88 of 90
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 11/7/16
