                         TRANSCRIPT
would develop as something else that would have environmental impacts,
then maybe you couldn't make that finding.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What I thought was sort of interesting—I'm trying to
put this in context—is Director Gitelman said to, I believe, Council Member
DuBois that other jurisdictions have adopted these fees based on a nexus
study, and that gave us comfort and stuff. Other jurisdictions, it seems,
have had very low fees frankly. I don't see any jurisdiction that has gone up
to obviously the maximum fee they could have or frankly the maximum
feasible fee. When we're at the maximum feasible fee, I do wonder if we
have a CEQA issue. I guess I want someone's opinion on whether or not we
might have a CEQA issue or if I should just not worry about it. It seems it
could go either way, maximum feasible.

Eric Phillips, Special Counsel: Good evening, Vice Mayor Scharff. My name's
Eric Phillips; I'm special counsel to the City from Goldfarb and Lipman. One
of the justifications for the CEQA exemption in this case is what the City is
acting on is a financing mechanism that would be used to fund future
projects that they themselves would be subject to CEQA. The identification
of a mechanism to collect that fee and generate that revenue is itself not a
project or a commitment to an individual project. That's what allows you to
claim that these actions are exempt from CEQA. If you were taking actions
that created a level of development or set fees so high that development
was not feasible, you wouldn't necessarily compromise your ability to claim
that CEQA exemption, but there could be other legal issues that are raised.
If you'd like, we can spend some more time talking about that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's actually very helpful. It's not a CEQA issue.
There might be other legal issues then, but not a CEQA issue in terms of the
maximum feasible. My other question is this is a nexus study. Most things
rely upon the inputs you put into it. Right now, when you look at maximum
feasible, you're thinking to yourself, "Construction costs are X." You're
thinking to yourself, "Interest rates are Y. Labor costs right now are this
cost and that." I would think it wouldn't be—they come up with a number,
but I would think there would be a margin of error both ways on this. What
other communities seem to have done has been well below the maximum
feasible, so it doesn't really matter. If you're 50 percent of maximum
feasible, who cares? When you're right at that, I guess I wanted to get a
sense of—does anyone have a sense of how, I guess, sensitive these
numbers are?

Ms. Gitelman: Vice Mayor Scharff, if I can just add one note of caution.
We've provided in Appendix G what other jurisdictions have adopted in
terms of their fees, but we didn't do the research to go back and find out

                                                                        Page 47 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
