                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Okay. It can be gleaned from the analysis.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the consultants have been very clear. They're
analyzing the grocery bags, not the individual components. Once the
analysis is complete, I think we're going to be able to step back, and there
are going to be some of these big things like the grade separations and the
housing site locations where we're going to be able to tease out what the
impacts are under the various scenarios.

AMENDMENT I RESTATED: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to add to the Motion, “

               i. For Scenarios 5 and 6, direct Staff to:

              ii. Provide unbundled impacts of policies and programs to the
                   degree that such information can be gleaned from the
                   analysis.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Maybe an addition to that sentence. It seems to
me it would be very valuable to identify who is responsible. For example,
under Scenario 5, it says the scenario would implement a growth
management program. That's a TDM program. Who's responsible? Is that
a City program? Is that a Stanford program? Is it a business program?
Every time there is one of these things, do something, identify who is going
to be responsible for doing it. Identify a party who can take action.

Mayor Burt: Can I try to capture your intent? Tell me if I get it wrong. This
would be a second overriding point. Where applicable, identify the lead or
responsible party for the given program.

AMENDMENT J: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor Burt
to add to the Motion, “where applicable, identify lead or responsible party for
a given program.” (New Part D.ii.)

Council Member Schmid:       The intent of this is to see who pays, who
benefits, how much.

Mayor Burt: That's how I understood it. We want to keep it somewhat
open-ended on that. That goes to one of the questions I was asking earlier.
Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: You're not looking for comments on these. You're
just looking to see what other bells and whistles we want to add on here.

                                                                         Page 72 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
