                         TRANSCRIPT
outlier and pulls all the other houses back as the contextual setback is
currently calculated. Without this house being present, the 32-foot front
setback we're asking for would fit nicely within the contextual setback no
matter how you calculate it. Their block has six houses on it, not seven.
The front doors of both corner houses happen to face the side streets. If
there were just one more house or if just one of the corner lots had a front
door facing Churchill, the outlying properties would be eliminated. Our
request complies with the intent of the contextual setback law to eliminate
outliers and create a more uniform street wall. If calculated the way we
showed on our second diagram, with the outliers excluded, our requested
setback of 32 feet would be just in line with the contextual setback for the
block. Thank you very much.

Public Hearing closed at 8:31 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Those are the only members of the public to
speak. It returns to the Council for discussion and a Motion. Council
Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me just start with some questions, looking at
you, Jonathan. This one is a bit of a mind boggler. I spent a fair amount of
time in that area today and yesterday. One of the obvious observations you
would make right away is that this block of Churchill is one of the busiest
blocks in town. You come from the railroad tracks, and you pull over to the
side, which I did today. Eleven vehicles passed me within a minute. My
question would be other than taking into account exactly what Code says
and exactly what the setback should be given the contextual aspect of this,
did anything else get included other than I can see what the Planning
Commission did? Does anything else get examined when making this kind
of decision? If I were that couple—I don't know if they're here or not. In
that case, I would value the backyard area in particular because the front is
far more noisy than the usual street would be in that area.

Mr. Lait: We certainly would take into consideration any arguments that
were made in support of the variance.             On the noise or the traffic
consideration, one of the considerations that you have to make when
evaluating the variance is how is that unique to this property and not the
other properties under the same zoning or in the same area. In that regard,
that traffic with the noise of traffic on Churchill is consistent for all the
properties in the area. That in and of itself is not a unique consideration.

Council Member Kniss: What you're saying is it's subjective.

Mr. Lait: Again, you want to go back to the finding which talks about how
there are special circumstances applicable to the subject property that
                                                                       Page 29 of 94
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/11/16
