                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Dennis: A couple of comments really to that. First of all, we understood
the direction to be pretty specific on what the subcommittees were going to
do related to Brown Act-like regulatory scheme, so we designed it in that
way. We always understood that Staff would need to be involved in order to
have some modicum of control related to the process. I also understood
that the previous process related to the Comp. Plan prior to the rebooting in
2014—one of the criticisms was that it was done in a non-transparent way,
without Brown Act controls. We wanted to make sure that this was as
transparent as possible. When the CAC, (inaudible) candidly, has brought
up these very similar points, I think, Staff has pushed back and said, "No,
Staff needs to be involved on some level. We need to be able to draft some
Staff Reports, provide you the information you need, and be there to answer
any questions that you have." This is not a process that we saw that three
or four people will go off in a room and come back with a product. We
wanted it to be transparent and open to the public. That being said, I
certainly welcome any changes. I just wanted to provide that background,
as I understood it. We've shared the concerns related to this truncated
timeframe to get a lot done.         When the Council directed us to add
subcommittees, we realized that we doubled our work at that point. We're
making it happen; it's working. As long as we work within the timeframe
that we understood has been the timeframe all along, it's challenging.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to offer a friendly Amendment which is
the Council empowers the CAC, if it so chooses, to establish and hold small
subcommittee meetings which do not require Staff.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. I don't support that. I actually support
the process the Staff has set up. I'm trying to—I'll just say that. I support
the process they set up.

Council Member Wolbach:        I'll offer it as an unfriendly Amendment
(crosstalk) second it.

Mayor Burt: Just a moment. The reason that I was interjecting before is
because this Motion was responding to the primary question of Staff around
this meeting, which is response on the EIR. There are other Comp. Plan-
related or CAC-related things that we may yet consider, whether tonight or
in the future. That's why I was trying to keep the Motion focused on that
subject. Under that guidance, if you want to make a separate Motion after
we consider this one, we can take it up at whatever hour. This Motion needs
to stay around the EIR subject.

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine.


                                                                          Page 103 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
