                          TRANSCRIPT
for single-space monitoring in the Downtown Palo Alto parking garages and
solicit bids when funding becomes available.

Mayor Burt: Did you need to speak to it anymore?

Council Member Kniss: I really think I've spoken ...

Mayor Burt: Got you.

Council Member Kniss: I've spoken enough. I am disappointed about the
green.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak to your second?

Council Member Berman: I'm good.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I appreciate the Mayor's discussion about ROI. I
think the right comparison is the Return on Investment (ROI) on the $2
million investment and kind of what do we get back in spots versus the ROI
on the $300,000 solution and what do we get back in spots. Again, I'm
concerned about time. I think we're talking about construction costs in
2017, 2018 versus 2016 potentially. I don't think it's being penny wise and
pound foolish, but it's hard to know for sure. I would like to see some
analysis. I wouldn't mind paying for this immediately and starting to
generate some parking revenues. I don't think Liz Kniss would mind either.
Again, the difference between efficiencies. If it was 95 percent efficient with
the lowest cost option and 100 percent with the expensive option, that's 60
spots. That's significant. We have one lot today that's over 100 percent or
at 100 percent. If we're really talking about 20 spots, it shifts the analysis.
Twenty-eight spots is the breakeven. We're somewhere between 60 and 28.
I'm concerned about the annual costs which you didn't really know what
they were going to be. Again, I'm concerned that the more complex solution
is actually going to be a lot more expensive than the $2 million when we get
to it. I think the facility count is a very simple solution, and the cost more
(inaudible).    I'd also like to say I'm not particularly swayed by the
stakeholders' asking for the most expensive solution and not wanting
revenue controls. I just don't think they're thinking about the fiscal health
of the City. I'm just concerned we're kind of rushing to the most expensive
solution. It is a reasonable amount of money, 1.7 million difference. Again,
it could be $2.5 million, $3 million by the time we construct it.

Mr. Keene: I just did want to say ...


                                                                         Page 74 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
