                          TRANSCRIPT
legally permissible and what happens when we have a site like this that was
Public Facility zoned, owned by the VTA and then what latitude do we have.

Ms. Silver: In terms of the rezoning issue, the Council needs to evaluate the
property in terms of are there any viable uses existing on the site. If there
are no viable uses, then the applicant does have a right to a rezoning
request. If there are other uses for the site, then there the Council has
broad discretion as to whether a rezoning is appropriate in this particular
case. As to the workforce housing, I think that could fall under one of the
scenarios that the pilot program is exploring. It would probably be in—we
would look at increasing the affordability component, the inclusionary
component of one of the proposals. I think it's within the realm. We would
want to know what your thoughts are as to how much of the housing should
be deed restricted or given a preference.

Mayor Burt: This site was sold from the VTA to a private party, I think, over
two years ago. Does that have any bearing on our latitude in terms of being
able to restrict it to a Public Facility at this time?

Ms. Silver: It's currently zoned Public Facility. There are some private uses
that can be developed under Public Facility zoning.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can I follow-up on that?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to make sure it's clear in my mind. I
believe there are educational facilities allowed under Public Facility. Is that
correct? Aren't those private—you can do just public schools or is it private
educational facilities?

Ms. Gerhardt: Private schools and trade schools would be allowed with a
Conditional Use Permit.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you to the applicant and the folks from the
community who have spoken. Also, I want to thank the folks who emailed
and didn't necessarily come today. We had a handful more emails that were
opposed to the project, and then over 70 emails—I last checked a couple of
hours ago—in support of the project. I know those folks aren't here in the—
I'm sorry?

Male: (inaudible)


                                                                        Page 32 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
