                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: If anybody else wants recycled water, they're not
covered right now.

Mr. Bobel: It's not clear in the Basic Agreement how that would work.

Council Member DuBois: It would be likely to take these amendments to,
say, East Palo Alto and say, "This is what Mountain View signed up for.
Would you sign the same kind of deal?"

Mr. Bobel: I think we'd work out something separately with East Palo Alto.

Council Member DuBois: I was using them as an example. Los Altos?

Mr. Bobel: Anyone. Los Altos is different because they're part of the three
agencies that make up the Basic Agreement. It's a different agreement than
we have with East Palo Alto.

Council Member DuBois: Again, on these costs that we can include, it says
directed Staff. Does that mean we can include any overhead costs?

Mr. Bobel: The cost of our own Staff?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mr. Bobel: I don't know that we've talked to—have we talked to Mountain
View about that?

Mr. Allen: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: Not overhead is what we're saying.

Mr. Bobel: Jamie is saying that any dedicated staffing is covered.

Council Member DuBois: It kind of goes to the point I think the Mayor was
making earlier about as this becomes more valuable, are we accounting for
all of our costs. I have a concern there. How would 4.1.3 work? I
understand it's kind of a friendly agreement. It basically says if one of us
doesn't want to pay the capital costs, we're going to negotiate on water
rights.

Mr. Allen: If the capital costs were prohibitive, then one agency could say,
"We don't want our allocation anymore." The ones that do want it would
have to pick up the costs of the capital repairs. These could be very
expensive capital replacement costs. The agencies have the right to back
out at that point of their share.


                                                                      Page 74 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
