                         TRANSCRIPT
in the foreground. To the left is Hansen Way, and on the corner, the white
building, is the subject property. El Camino extending from left to right
across the upper portion of the photograph. The subject property has a
width of about 100 feet on El Camino and a depth of 276 feet along Hansen
Way. The property was constructed with a hotel in the late 1940s. It has 36
guest rooms. There's also a special setback shown on the left side of the
diagram here that runs half the width of the property, 50 feet wide from
Hansen, all the way from the front to the rear property line. This special
setback was established about 12 years after the hotel was originally
developed.     On the right side of that diagram is the proposed hotel
development. As you can see, there is an interest in developing this hotel
that would encroach into the special setback. The project, in addition to
being subject to Municipal Code (Code) standards, the Architectural Review
Board (ARB) findings which includes compliance with the Comprehensive
Plan, is also subject to the El Camino Real Design Guidelines. Those would
all be evaluated in accordance with the review process that is required for
the project. Interestingly to the conversation or interesting to note is that
there is a property to the south of the subject property that has an office
building, I believe, that was constructed in the early '80s that actually
encroaches into the special setback. Staff has researched as to how that
may have come to pass, but we've been unable to find any discretionary or
Legislative Actions that would have authorized that building to be
constructed into the special setback. The setback on Hansen for that
particular project is 36 feet. To encroach into the special setback, there is
two options that are identified in the Staff Report. One is a Variance
Application; this is a discretionary review. It is subject to meeting certain
standards and subject to findings. There's another avenue which is a
Legislative Amendment which would amend the district map or the setback
maps to eliminate or modify the special setback. The Code does not allow
encroachments into the special setback above grade or below grade, but
does permit surface parking.        Tonight we're again interested in not
necessarily sentiments of support or opposition for the project, but we are
interested in conceptually if the Council has interest in a possible
development at this location. If it is reasonable or warranted to encroach
into the special setback, what would be valuable to Staff and the applicant is
that information and then also the path to consider that request, whether it
be the discretionary review process with a variance or a Legislative Action. I
believe the applicant has a brief presentation as well to make. I'll conclude
there. Thank you for your attention.

Mayor Burt: At this time, we're going to hear from the applicant. Is there a
time that they have to speak? I see they're requesting 10 minutes. Is that
the discretion of the Council? Go right ahead; 8-10 minutes, something like
that.
                                                                       Page 22 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
