                          TRANSCRIPT
requirements will be in play tonight. After the public hearing is closed, there
will be a majority protest procedure where the Clerk will tally the number of
signed, written protests received by property owners against the proposed
rate increases. If a majority of owners have filed those objections, then the
rate increases cannot be imposed. If there is not a majority of written
protests, then the Council will have the ability to consider and adopt those
rate increases.     A couple of notes about what's not included in this
procedure. The proposed increases to the fiber rates are not governed by
Proposition 218, because they're not property related fees, and they're not
imposed by the City as utility rates are. The proposed gas and electric rate
increases are specifically exempted from Prop 218 by its terms. The storm
drain inflation rate adjustments don't need to be included in the 218 process
tonight, because the voters already approved those escalators to be taken
according to the general rate of inflation. All of these rate increases will be
considered together at the end of the budget process this evening. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before proceeding with any questions or comments
from the Council, let's hear from the members of the public on the 218.
Speakers will be limited to three minutes. If speakers wish to comment on
more than one rate increase and need additional time, please let me know
before you begin your comments. Before we begin the hearing, I will
explain the 218 process, which has been largely explained by the City
Attorney, but let me reiterate. All residents and other interested parties will
have an opportunity to provide testimony this evening on refuse, wastewater
and water rates. To be valid, protests to the proposed rate increases must
be in writing, signed and submitted to the City Clerk before the close of this
hearing. The protest must also identify the parcel and the rate being
protested. The presence or absence of a majority protest will be calculated
separately for each rate. The City Clerk will accept written protests until the
public hearing on this matter is closed. At the conclusion of this public
hearing, the City Clerk will count the number of written protests against the
proposed rate increases, and the Council will determine whether a majority
protest exists for each rate. If a majority of the customers and property
owners have not submitted protests by the close of the public hearing
tonight, the City Council may adopt the new refuse, wastewater and water
rate schedules as part of the budget for Fiscal Year 2017. We have four
speaker cards at present. The first speaker is Chop Keenan, to be followed
by Ali Rahbar. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 8:02 P.M.

Chop Keenan: I'm not sure I'm here on 218.


                                                                            Page 15 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
