                          TRANSCRIPT
study or parking occupancy study, so we had to kind of develop our own
methodology.

Council Member DuBois: My concern is particularly on residential streets.
You get the peaks at night when everybody comes home, and they're
actually a very common peak. If you average it out where it's empty during
daytime, you're going to really get a false reading.

Mr. Mello: I will tell you based on my look at the data today, each one of
the corridors has a different peak period. It's not uniform across all four
corridors.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. At the really high level, we have the map on
one of your slides of the entire Bike and Pedestrian Transportation Plan for
2012, and then we have what we're currently doing. Maybe you could just
explain—I see we're only doing some of by the bicycle boulevards. What are
our plans to do the rest of this and the context? The $20 million we talked
about, that's just for what we have here. Is that correct?

Mr. Mello: We have several corridors where the concept plans were already
approved last year. We're going to talk about those a little bit later in the
presentation. These four corridors will all move into the final design phase.
We also have the Greer Road Bike Boulevard that's in the concept planning
phase, the Homer-Channing enhanced bikeway.             There's a couple of
corridors that Google has contributed funding to, San Antonio Avenue,
Middlefield Road South. There's a connection through Cubberley that was
originally part of the Louis-Montrose Bike Boulevard that we haven't moved
forward because of the development plans for Cubberley. I think those ones
will probably follow pretty much immediately after these. Within the next
six months, we'll get those into the final design phase. Then, we need to
have a conversation about what the next group of corridors that we move
forward is. There is sufficient capacity over the next five years to do
additional corridors beyond what's already in the planning phase.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The capacity, is it money or is it Staff time that's really
(inaudible)?

Mr. Mello: We have both. We have Staff capacity and financial capacity to
move some more corridors forward.



                                                                        Page 28 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
