                          TRANSCRIPT
there's an interest in acquiring the site. Those are all the comments I have
for tonight.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. If I can just add to your report out on the County
transportation tax. The 85 corridor—I think it's 350 million funding—is for
transit rather than highway expansion in that corridor. Our Pavement
Condition Index of 82 is now the highest in Santa Clara County, which we've
achieved since improvements in 2010.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have five speakers.
If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to bring a card forward at this
time. Our first speaker is Winter Dellenbach, to be followed by Lynn Krug.

Winter Dellenbach: It is my pleasure once again to announce the annual
Buena Vista Holiday Posada, December 3rd, Saturday, 5:00-9:00P.M.
Everyone is invited in Palo Alto, Palo Alto residents, Stanford residents. City
Council, you got your invitations over the weekend. I know you did. Some
of you have even RSVP'd. Be sure to get your RSVP in as soon as possible.
This is the annual celebration where Buena Vista residents realize that they
wanted to invite their larger community to their smaller community and
have a night of participation in the Mexican/American traditional celebration
around the holidays, and to have everybody process together, looking for a
very hard-to-find shelter for the night, and to follow that with great feasting,
folkloric dancing. It is just a wonderful, wonderful evening. Our Mayor will
speak as will the President of Buena Vista Association, as usual. It is a
wonderful, wonderful occasion. If anyone is listening out there in TV land,
radio land, computer land, please do come. Everyone from Stanford and
Palo Alto is welcome. Bring your children. It's great, great fun. If you stay
for the after party and like to dance to DJ music, you can shake your booty
and really get down with people of Buena Vista.               Everybody come
December 3rd, 5:00-9:00 P.M., and share in a wonderful holiday celebration.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lynn Krug, to be followed by
Sea Reddy.

Lynn Krug: Good evening, City Council Members. I'm here post-election to
speak about a topic that's important to so many of us now, bringing
community together. One of the things that goes along with that is the
recognition of class and economic discrimination and creating a sense of the
other. This is the way, I think, Palo Alto has been able to employee $10,
$12 an hour janitors, people who work for less than prevailing wage on
prevailing projects. It has been brought to the City's attention. Let me just
                                                                           Page 7 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/14/16
