                         TRANSCRIPT
question. The second question, will people die? The question I would ask is
what is a minute of response worth. That's what we grapple with all the
time in the Fire Department as we're trying to make the system more
efficient.  What you saw tonight was an integrated system of first
responders, early notification, early response by the Police Department.
That's not going to go away in this 18 months no matter where the station is
located.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much, Chief.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think you make a convincing case that there is
substantial disruptions at either the tennis court or the Middlefield site.
Geng Road strikes a note for me. At least twice a week, I go through that
intersection, Embarcadero, Oregon, 101, during rush hour either morning or
evening. It's frankly a nightmare. If you look at our traffic studies that
we've gotten over the last couple of years, forecasted future Level of
Services (LOS) at intersections, there are eight key intersections in town
that rank "F," will rank "F."        Many of them are on the Oregon and
Embarcadero corridor, between 101 and El Camino. The intersection of
Oregon, Embarcadero and 101 is "F" on the County and the State regard.
The interstate highway through Palo Alto in that area is ranked "F." Now,
you talk about moving the apparatus from Station 1 over there in "the
evening." You say 7:00 P.M. Coming back in the morning, what time do
you come back in the morning? I can't believe that we would put an
emergency response on the far end of the most egregious intersection we
have in town. Can you comment on that? Have we done a traffic study?
Have you sent people out there just driving back and forth and observing
the intersection of traffic at those hours?

Mr. Nickel: Great points, Council Member Schmid. We took a lot of those
things into consideration. I won't go into the traffic studies. I believe
somebody is here from Planning and Development that could perhaps
address that. I can address why we would move Downtown at a part of the
day. One of the other side benefits of this is if you look at where our
distribution of risk is during the daytime hours, Monday through Friday, the
majority of our calls for service are occurring in Station 1's area or in the
Downtown corridor. The thought of moving the apparatus up here during
the day would give us additional concentration of resources. While we may
be 60 seconds longer to fewer calls that occur out in Station 3's area during
the day, we're going to be much quicker to the majority of calls that are
occurring during the day in the Downtown area. That is a side benefit of
that. I completely agree with you. One of my concerns is the traffic access,

                                                                      Page 34 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
