                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Why don't you hold just one second. What we need to decide
really is whether we're going to go forward tonight on a Motion on this or we
want Staff to return.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I want Staff to return.

Mayor Burt: That's the first question before us. If we're not comfortable
with the information before us, then we should re-agendize it and continue
the discussion around the questions that have been raised tonight.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd make that Motion.

Mayor Burt: is that an acceptable Motion or you want an alternative? You
have the floor.

Council Member Kniss: (crosstalk) Vote against it.

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Council Member Kniss: I'm going to vote against it.

Mayor Burt: You have the right to make the first Motion.       We could go
through that and see whether that prevails.

Council Member Kniss: If Greg wants to make his Motion, go ahead. I can't
support this coming back another night.         I think we've discussed it
extensively. It's been going on for a long time. I am very comfortable with
where it is and would move forward with that one change.

Mayor Burt: Giving Vice Mayor Scharff the floor, then go ahead and make
your Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll make a Motion that Staff, having listened to our
comments, goes through the agreements and comes back to us with the
changes to the agreement and with an explanation ...

Council Member Kniss: For another discussion another night?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.      With an explanation of where we are and our
ability to then vote on it.

Council Member DuBois: I'd second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to direct Staff to review Council comments, review the language of the
Agreement and return to Council with updated Agreement language.

                                                                      Page 78 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
