                         TRANSCRIPT
approach. This text does not say that, which I like because I don't want to
commit to only exploring taxes as an option because of the reasons we
discussed earlier. I guess I just want to make sure that the committee
keeps all options open and on the table. When it comes back to Council, I'll
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I think that's the way it's written. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A little clarification on the Motion here. Is it
saying that—I'm not quite clear if the intention here is to give the ad hoc
committee the fully authority of developing the questions, analyzing the
results of polling and then come back to the Council with the results of the
polling or with a recommended approach then. I'm not quite sure what ...

Mr. Keene: I think the way it should be worded is we would just cut the
"report back to Council as soon as possible," that phrase out and put it at
the very end of the Motion. Then it's saying a designated ad hoc committee
for development of a recommended approach and authorize the ad hoc
committee in conjunction with Staff to conduct outreach on the content of
the polling, conduct a first round of polling and report back to Council as
soon as possible. I think that's what the intent is designed to do.

Mayor Burt: I don't think it would be the purpose of the ad hoc committee—
I think the intent would be to come back to the Council with the information
and let the Council hold a policy discussion.

Council Member Holman: Then the language here, "ad hoc committee for
development of a recommended approach," the recommended approach
then would be the Council's decision if I understood what both City
Manager—the recommended approach would come back to the Council, not
be in the auspices of the ad hoc committee.

Mayor Burt: Agreed.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) I didn't know you were coming back at all to the
Council until you'd done a first round of polling. I misunderstood.

Mayor Burt: That's what we meant, but I think Council Member Holman is
saying that when we come back to the Council, it would not necessarily be
with a recommended approach to the ...

Male: (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: I think what would fix this is "designate an ad hoc
committee and authorize the ad hoc committee in conjunction with Staff to

                                                                      Page 92 of 99
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 3/14/16
