                          TRANSCRIPT
were appropriate. If you look at them from the standpoint of it can have a
large window and it can be inviting and it's somewhere you want to walk
into, it can feel like retail as a goods and services type of retail. Some of it
is a little bit responsive to what we heard in August around yoga studios, in
particular around hair and nail salons, around schools. That's the kind of
feedback that we are looking for, if you have a different perspective on what
you think is appropriate there.

Council Member DuBois:       I didn't remember a lot of discussion about
University Avenue itself.

Mayor Burt: I do.

Council Member DuBois: Outside of University, what are the thoughts about
insisting on a higher first floor for secondary retail uses, which may not be
traditional stores selling goods? It could be all kinds of retail-like uses that
may not need a higher ceiling.

Ms. Eisberg: Some of it is setting up the type of architectural design that
you associate, that is inviting to pedestrians. Although different retail uses
might have different needs, that type of taller ceiling height, that type of
window transparency is not as appropriate for office, which is why then you
see the window coverings and other things.           If we can create that
environment, those standards to recommend that at least on the ground
floor and something else may be happening on the floors above, that's one
way to try to intervene and promote those types of uses.

Council Member DuBois: If you could just go over the map for me, the one
that you had in your presentation. What are we talking about? Are we
talking about the entire red area?

Ms. Eisberg: What's shown in pink or red, that's the existing ground-floor
combining district. Those parcels are currently in the GF zone.

Council Member DuBois: Not the bold red line; the shaded.

Ms. Eisberg: Sorry. The bold red line is one of the definitions for Downtown
in the City. This is University Avenue, Downtown Business District. These
pink-shaded parcels are the current GF boundaries. What's shown as yellow
is what's being proposed. These ones at Alma, University, Hamilton are the
sites that have previously been in the ground-floor boundary, up until 2009.
They were removed at that time supposedly based on recession conditions.
We're recommending adding them back in here. Those sites are retail sites
or have the type of architectural features that I was referring to, that they
could be retail sites. In 2013, a series of parcels were added on Emerson.
                                                                        Page 52 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
