                          TRANSCRIPT
2019. In 2020 it would then increase by the Bay Area CPI. There is a
learners exception provided, but that's adopting what's already included in
the State minimum wage. There are no other exceptions. City Staff had
outreach with representatives of the restaurants in Palo Alto. This outreach
followed the Policy and Services Committee meeting.           The Policy and
Services Committee meeting was on August 16.               The outreach with
restaurant representatives was on September 16th, a couple of weeks ago.
That was at the request of the restaurants to meet with the City. What
we've captured here in the next few slides is a collection of ideas and
comments that were provided in an open and frank conversation with
representatives of the restaurants. These are their ideas that we wanted to
capture and pass along to the City Council to make sure that we're fully
representing that conversation that took place. Shortly following these
slides, Cara Silver from the City Attorney's Office will have some comments
on some of the legal points that are brought forward here. The bold text
represent kind of the core few areas that seem to resonate to the top of the
comments. I'll walk through each of these briefly. The main area that's still
prominent for restaurants is wait staff exception, also called a tip credit and
also falls into a tiered minimum wage idea as well. One of the supporting
ideas that came along with this primary need is the idea of setting up a legal
defense fund if the City were to take on legal risk. I think you've heard
about that through memos from the City Attorney. I'll leave that one at that
for now. The next idea is eliminating the tipped pooling authority. This isn't
directly something that the City controls. There is legal precedent that's
currently unfolding that also the City Attorney can comment on. We wanted
to capture it here, because it did come from the restaurants. There is
another idea here that is giving credit for paid employee benefits. This idea
is if the restaurants can demonstrate that they're providing paid benefits,
they would have a credit on the minimum wage required. Another idea is to
slow down the increase in the minimum wage from what the current pace is.
The next set of ideas have to do with studying the impact of minimum wage
on Palo Alto specifically. There is one study that's provided in your packet,
that is the prominent study that was commissioned by the City of San Jose.
The University of California Berkeley did a region-wide study on the regional
impacts of minimum wage. The idea here would be to do a specific study on
the impacts of minimum wage in doing business in Palo Alto. Extend the
learner's exception is another idea. State minimum wage allows for a
learners exception up to 160 hours. The idea would be to increase that
learners exception. The next item here is a City idea. This isn't fully fleshed
out yet. We don't really have details on this one yet, but to develop and
work with the restaurants and other businesses on a holiday/spring
marketing campaign. The next one is—this is a legal one that will be
commented on more in a moment. If there are favorable changes to the
State Labor Code, that local Ordinance would automatically change. The
                                                                        Page 63 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
