                          TRANSCRIPT
would like to think that all future people would have the same feelings and
buy because they enjoy it and they know what they're getting into. Not only
does it affect our neighbor here and here, it affects eight neighbors around
us. When you come up, the neighbor across the way sees your construction.
The road is blocked off, and road repairs are going on. It's not just a ripple;
it's a wave. It's a splash that causes a wave all around it. Because people
are not building the pop-ups anymore, I think what's at stake here is
whether we want to keep the Eichlers or do want to let them all go, because
they are going to all go once investors come in and they want to maximize
the dollar and don't think about the community whatsoever when they're
building these houses. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We next have five speakers who have agreed to
allow one of their representatives to speak for up to 10 minutes. Unmesh
Vartak speaking on behalf Zao She Lee [phonetic], Elizabeth Garon
[phonetic], Gerald Shebat [phonetic], Saryu Row [phonetic] and Oyukio
Frazier [phonetic]. Welcome.

Unmesh Vartak, speaking for five persons: To begin, my last name is—there
is a typo. It's V-A-R-T-A-K.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry.

Mr. Vartak: There's a typo in my last name. I don't know if it matters.

Mayor Burt: Okay, thank you.

Mr. Vartak: Thanks. Honorable Mayor, Council Members, Staff, all my Palo
Alto neighbors, thank you for your time. On behalf of everyone who is
opposing the single story overlay application, we have prepared this small
presentation. This is the brief agenda. We'll start with a request for City
Council, then we'll look at the SSO application and issues, followed by
special restrictions that we have in Royal Manor, the impact of SSO, the
deed restrictions, and then we'll quickly summarize the presentation. Let's
start with some requests for City Council. The Royal Manor SSO application
has serious deficiencies in the process of signature collection.       The
application has never reached 70 percent level of support. Please do not
pass it. Royal Manor neighborhood has unique restrictions. It is in flood
zone; it has smaller lots; and you cannot compare this neighborhood with
any other SSO tract. We request Council to establish a better, enforceable
two-story house Individual Review guidelines which has broader support in
the community. Let's look at some of the facts about this SSO application.
The ordinance requires 70 percent support. As of last Council meeting, it
only had 63 percent of support. Ordinance requires properly collected
signatures. As you have heard by now, signatures were collected through
                                                                        Page 40 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
