                          TRANSCRIPT
unknowns, which could be there, we'll commit to getting that published
soon, very soon.

Council Member Wolbach: That would be great. Thanks so much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you for an interesting presentation. My
major point was covered by Council Member DuBois. I think the notion of
showing how you can be effective in making government more efficient, in
having the public easier access to the data, if there's ways of showing that,
it would be of immense value moving ahead. One comment. I guess, as a
user of data I find my greatest frustration is that very often as a Council
Member, where you're looking for where did this come from, a lot of the
data stops in the year 2000. If you try and look for anything earlier than
2000, you run into a stone wall. A further issue is how you search for, not
data as much, as issues. I find that that's another wall to going through
several hundred things, but they're all identified by use of words rather than
the documents that are necessary. I say that as a Council Member where
I've had frustration. I notice the public, when they want to participate in an
issue of importance to them, also could be more effective and could help us
by having a data source that allows them to find things easier than it does
now. I guess that's one thing I think when I see you coming with digital
services and open data that you can help with these kind of issues as well.
Thank you.

Mr. Keene: If I might just say something. We're in the process right now of
taking a look at improvements and updates to our website. Some of its
driven by who the provider is of the services right now and how far we could
go to sort of restructure the website. One of the key concerns has always
been, even from when we did the redo four or five years ago, that the
search function is just pretty clunky. We've had that recognition. A lot of it
is that it's PDF based, the original format, and then the ability to put tags
and those sorts of things just haven't been there. It is one of the things that
the team is taking a look at, how we can make some improvements there.
As far as before 2000, I don't know about that one.

Council Member Schmid: As an example, if you just type in Downtown
Parking Assessment District and try and find out what it is, you'll have a
hard time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. First, Jonathan, thanks to you and your team for
really great progress. Each year, it just keeps building. I just had one quick
comment and then one final question. We talked about digital services, but

                                                                        Page 19 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
