                          TRANSCRIPT
find out not much has been done with that. You come back the next year,
at a year interval, and find out we thought that was going to happen and
everything was okey dokey. You find out what happened, I didn't know
about that. Does that leave you at a loss to try to pick that up? That's what
I'm trying to get to.

Ms. Figone: I don't think it would leave me at a loss. What I would ask you
all from a process perspective is what would you have as a framework to
ensure that that CAO modified their work plan or captured it in their self-
assessment. Somebody like an Auditor is very good at saying, "This was my
work plan, and now it's this." They might be more inclined to do that sort of
thing. I would say the other CAOs would have to be mindful that that's
important to you, capture and document it themselves, and then be able to
talk about that in their self-assessment. You know what I'm saying? Right
now, I didn't see anything that looked like a structured work plan that ends
up as an attachment to that self-assessment. Does that make sense?

Council Member Holman: I think so.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It does. Beth, why don't you give us some input on
how you see the process? Do you see anything to be improved?

Ms. Minor: This being my first year to be actual part of the process. The
year before was just setting goals. I think it went really smoothly. I like the
way the process went. Getting my input, giving it, and then being able to
talk to Council altogether and kind of go through stuff. I do like the idea,
especially this year, of doing a midyear check-in. One, because we're going
to have new Council Members, and they should know what the CAOs are
doing and get that information. I think a midyear check-in is good, but I
think it's more important this year to be able to do it, especially if we do it in
February.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's a really good point. February midyear check-in
for the new Council Members would be huge.

Ms. Minor: I think it would be huge for them to be able to understand just
what we do and what our work plans are.

Council Member Holman: You know when that happens, we kick the new
Council Members to the curb. You know that.

Ms. Minor: I think the every other year of doing the CAOs and doing more
of a 360 is a good idea. For an every other year, you get input from the
employees. Yes, your employees may change every year, but it does give
the CAO time to think about and work on some of the maybe information
                                                                                      Page 14 of 20
                                              Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                                Transcript 11/16/16
