                          TRANSCRIPT
say is you have a chart. It is the process again, overview of the yellow
matrix as we've called it. It gives you the overview of the full process. If
there was anything about the process that you wanted to comment on by
exception, that I didn't address in the report, it's here for that purpose. I
would just say as the one who's now administered this for you 2 years in a
row, I was actually very pleased with how Year 2 went. I think we got our
rhythm. Year 1 was a little bumpy because it was a transition year. I would
say, though, that I do think we could keep working on the timeline and
compressing it. It is a very long process, and that's in great measure
because you're a very busy City. With nine members and four CAOs, it's
very complex. I would say that it can be compressed is if you agree that—I
do know that this is a priority for you, because you all take it very seriously.
I would say that one way I would like to work with the Clerk is just to
designate some of your standing Closed Sessions for the purpose of the CAO
review …

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's a good idea.

Ms. Figone: … as opposed to what we have to do now is poll you on your
very busy (inaudible).

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, I think you could actually get those scheduled now
for next year.

Ms. Figone: You could get them scheduled.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's no reason …

Ms. Figone: They could be reasonable in terms of everything else going on.
We can clip through this.

Council Member Holman: That's a great idea.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That is a great idea.

Ms. Figone: I think that concludes my presentation. Thank you again for
the opportunity to serve you. There is one more year on the contract.
We're looking forward to making this next year even better, receiving your
feedback. You're very fortunate to have a very experienced HR Director,
Chief People Officer as you call her here. She can certainly provide any of
her insights on best practices if you have questions. That said, I turn it to
you. You do have two CAOs in the room.

Council Member Holman: When do you want …

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's no public comment. There's no public sitting
                                                                                       Page 5 of 20
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                               Transcript 11/16/16
