                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. de Geus: It will be included, and we'll be recommending policies for
later to water conservation.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, you had one final wrap-up.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to clarify I support the middle school
sports programs. I'm not saying we should kill them. I just want to make
sure that we're working with the schools better to do that.

Mayor Burt: Last one, Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was just trying to find the name of it. We can't
direct to one entity the—say we were going to have a coffee cart or
something like that in parks. I do know that the Downtown Streets Team
has a coffee cart program. (Inaudible) maybe about expanding the services
that they would provide. Just keeping that in mind, it might be a good way
to accomplish good and good.

Mr. de Geus:   We had a meeting with them last week actually about that
very thing.

Mayor Burt: Great idea. Thank you all. That concludes this Item.

19.   FY 2015 Performance Report, the National Citizen Survey™, and
      Citizen Centric Report.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt:      I see something down on inter-Governmental Legislative
Affairs. I don't know what that's about.

James Keene, City Manager: It's just a standing Item we keep just in case
we had something we had to report. Nothing to report.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Member Questions, Comments or Announcements.
Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think there's a lot going on this week. The
Peninsula Division will be having their quarterly dinner this Thursday night.
I realize there's also a High Speed Rail meeting going on that night as well.
There is a dinner. It's in Mountain View at Don Giovanni's. You should get a
note soon from Seth Miller who is the new—if any of you remember Jessica
Mullen from before, this is the new Jessica. When you see something from
Seth Miller, it will have to do with the Peninsula Division of the League.
                                                                     Page 112 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/25/16
