                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Just wanted to make sure on that. The other
question that I have refers to probably—the conversation you had in part of
the presentation on slide 3 had to do with the lower right-hand box there. If
we're going to have an opportunity to have discussion on this in the future
without it being on Consent, then I'm fine in getting the answers there. The
questions are these. The Phase 3 is Stanford Research Park. I've never
really thought that that's probably the best use of any kind of money.
Again, I was told that we can't charge ratepayers for the capital expansion,
so we would have to pay for it and then charge Stanford Research Park
users for the water itself.     It seems like it's an awful lot of capital
expenditure. If that is accurate, I'd like to hear that. If we discuss it at a
future point time, not on Consent, then I'm happy to get the response later.
The other thing is you mentioned East Palo Alto in reference to that lower
right-hand box on slide 3. I'm wondering why we don't primarily focus on
East Palo Alto because of their very low water allocation that they have and
where we can do the most good in terms of providing recycled water
services. Again, if we're going to have a chance to discuss all of those in the
future and something not be on Consent, then I'm happy to get the
responses then. If you can assure me of that.

Mr. Bobel: I think we are going to be able to discuss both those points later.
The first point is actually in the upper right-hand. That's the Palo Alto
potential expansion. The lower right-hand is potential expansion to East
Palo Alto and others. You're absolutely right that the main driver for the
expansion in East Palo Alto is their own need for water. No question about
it.

Council Member Holman: Last point here is, again, future discussion of an
update on what I'd understood last year, if not year before last, was that
Stanford is looking at for its Research Park and other lands potentially
putting in its own water recycling plant. Are we going to have a customer
even if we get purple pipe there? Again, we can discuss it later if we're
assured of having an opportunity to have that discussion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just real briefly. 2060 is a long time. What do you
think the biggest risk to us in entering into a contract like this is? Usually if
you enter into a long-term contract to supply somebody something, then
they make a reciprocal commitment to purchase a certain amount of stuff.
I'm not sure that's the right analogy here. Can you just talk briefly about
that?



                                                                         Page 66 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
