                          TRANSCRIPT
instance. We don't want personal services. Whereas, on the side streets,
maybe we want a broader definition of retail and maybe even in the outlying
areas, which are further out, say the 100 Addison, the 99 Alma type things.
It's much more of a different definition. That would be another Ordinance
you could do. Is that the kind of Ordinance that would take a lot of time to
do different definitions? I understand the implementation may take a lot of
different times. Would actually setting up the Ordinance and drafting that
kind of an Ordinance take a lot of time?

Ms. Gitelman: Again, when we worked on the Cal. Ave. Ordinance that the
Council adopted, we had this discussion about what type of retail uses
should be permitted. In that case, the combining zone is the R zone, I
think. We had this conversation. We ended up looking at the definitions
closely and adding some provisions related to formula retail, if you recall.
We've kind of had that conversation on Cal. Ave. I think it would be a redo
to go back and have it again about Cal. Ave. and the surrounding streets.
We could have that conversation in the context of the Downtown Ordinance
we're working on, if that's something that's really of concern or interest to
the Council. To do that more broadly in other areas of the City, I think that
wholesale redo of how we think about our retail districts Citywide would be a
little more complicated.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Some of the things that—I don't know what kind of
Ordinances these would fit into. I'm a little unclear on it. For instance, the
CineArts Theatre, right now that's a retail use. Under our interim Ordinance,
you couldn't change it to a non-retail use, because it's a theatre and the
theatre is clearly there. There's the Summer Winds Nursery, for instance,
which could be developed, which is clearly a nursery use, which would
therefore be a retail use. There's a lot of those sort of last-type things in
Palo Alto. When they go away, there's not going to be any more of them.
What our current interim ordinance is doing is keeping those in place. My
question really is how do we buy time. What would that ordinance look like?
To buy time to have those discussions about how we protect certain uses
like that, that may not be as obvious. They're not El Camino; they're not
Downtown' they're not California Avenue. They're really spread sporadically
around the City frankly. It's that discussion too as an ordinance I'm
interested in. I don't know how we get there.

Ms. Gitelman: Just two responses to that. One is the CineArts Theatre is
not just protected from converting by this Interim Ordinance. It's really by
the PC Ordinance that contains the development plan for that site. A
legislative change would be required if the theatre were to be converted to
another use regardless of what we're doing here. Your question about other
kind of far-flung retail uses like the nursery, I think that would be addressed
                                                                       Page 54 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
