                         TRANSCRIPT
Inventory as Number 1 or Number 2, and all structures within Historic
Districts.

Council Member Holman: Is that within the context of that language or is
that standalone?

Mr. Yang: This is all within the same Chapter, so it is meant to define that
term "significant building" as used throughout the chapter.

Council Member Holman: That's helpful. Thank you. Just a couple of other
quick questions. On the next page, 22.04.250, it's park regulations. What
does that mean? Violation of park regulations? The language is different in
some places. 22.040.320 is parks closed. On the next page, 22.040.390
just says duck pond. I don't know how to interpret those.

Mr. Yang: The convention in this Penalty Schedule is in terms of naming is
kind of a holdover from years past. In general, these are meant just as
shorthand for the sections of the Municipal Code that are cited. Park
regulations, for example, I believe that section of the Municipal Code
authorizes Staff to adopt regulations for the use and conduct in parks. A
violation of that section would be a violation of any regulations adopted
thereunder.

Council Member Holman: Would it not be clearer for somebody at a quick
glance to then just look at this and say violation of park regulations?

Mr. Yang: It certainly would. As we update specific parts of this Penalty
Schedule, we have tried to have clearer language. I agree it would be
helpful to revamp the Schedule as a whole.

Council Member Holman: We have this in front of us tonight, and those
seem to be minor language cleanups that wouldn't affect the Code. Couldn't
we just do that tonight if we chose to?

Mr. Yang: I guess.

Council Member Holman: For clarity.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. City Attorney, Molly Stump. This is
one of those things where do we take more time to perfect the project or do
we do the items that are immediately before us that have a substantive
effect and then take our limited energies and focus on the many other things
we're doing finishing out the year here. If there are minor specific items to
be changed, I think we could do that tonight. If what you're seeking is a


                                                                       Page 12 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/7/16
