                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. Normally when we say
affordable housing we mean housing that's affordable to these categories:
extremely low income, very low income, low income and moderate income
as has been defined in Table 1 on Packet Page 767. Basically extremely low
income is anywhere from 0-30 percent of area median. Moderate income
goes up to 120 percent of area median. That's in our area an income of
about almost $130,000 for a family of four. You can make quite a tidy
income and still qualify for subsidized housing in our region because the
costs are so extraordinary.

Council Member Kniss: When the time comes, though, I'll go more into what
I think affordable housing is, which is it must be subsidized.

Mayor Burt: I have one quick related question to that. When the units are
defined as you just described, if we have smaller units with, say, the same
number of bedrooms, does that in any way alter its affordability other than
what its asking price would be? Say you have a—if it's a two-bedroom unit
that's 1,500 square feet and instead we have a two-bedroom unit that's 700
square feet, does that potentially move it into being affordable because that
unit at 700 square feet is rented or sold for a price that would fall into these
income categories?

Ms. Gitelman:     I'm not sure if I understand the question.      I mean,
presumably a landlord would rent a smaller unit for less than they would
rent a larger unit. In that sense, I think it would be more affordable. If
you're looking at the definition of subsidized housing, it really wouldn't
change. That's based on what's affordable to the certain household size
based on area median income.

Mayor Burt: If it's not subsidized but market rate and we have these
categories, as we have smaller units, does that drive more units in all
likelihood into the more affordable categories?

Ms. Gitelman: As I indicated, presumably a landlord or a seller would
charge less for a unit that's smaller than a unit that's larger.

Mayor Burt: It's not based upon unit size per se; it's based upon the sale or
rental price. Correct? Just want to make sure we're all clear on that. Is
that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.



                                                                         Page 55 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
