                         TRANSCRIPT
Jill Bicknell: Good evening, members of the Council. I'm Jill Bicknell; I live
at 301 Stanford Avenue and lucky to own that home since 1984. Speaking
as a homeowner and an environmental engineer, I want to say that I
strongly support the proposed continuation of and slight increase to the
storm water management fee, the proposed projects and programs that will
be funded by that fee, and all of the Storm Drain Blue Ribbon Committee
recommendations. I think it is very important not only to maintain our
existing infrastructure to prevent flooding in our City, but to start to
transition to the use of green storm water infrastructure where feasible
throughout the City. The use of green infrastructure or landscape-based
storm water capture and treatment is consistent with the City's
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan and can provide multiple benefits to
our community including reduced runoff volumes, improved water quality,
urban greening in support of our urban forestry, reduced heat island effect,
pedestrian and bike safety and many other benefits. I'm also pleased that
the storm water management fee will help fund incentive and rebate
programs to encourage residents and commercial property owners to install
green storm water infrastructure on their private properties as well.
Because I feel strongly about the passage of this fee, I have volunteered for
the campaign for Palo Alto storm water, which is a group of citizens that got
together, including some of the members of the Storm Drain Blue Ribbon
Committee, that are working together to help support passage of this
important fee.     I'd like to thank the City Council for supporting this
sustainable approach to storm water management and adopting the
resolution to go forward with the recommendations of the Storm Drain Blue
Ribbon Committee. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Esther Nigenda. Welcome.

Esther Nigenda: Good evening, Council Members and fellow residents. Save
Palo Alto's Ground Water would like to actively support the storm water
management ballot measure. We believe that attention to the following
considerations regarding the dewatering/storm drain nexus will improve
voter support for this proposed measure.         In 2016, the amount of
groundwater discharged into the storm drains from construction dewatering
for eight residential and one commercial property will total over 200 million
gallons. This amount obtained from our City's Public Works Department
shows that groundwater pumping is far greater than previously estimated.
Currently dewatering is not permitted during our so-called rainy season from
November through the end of March, so that we don't exceed our storm
drain capacity. However, we are sometimes blessed with significant rainfall
during the permitted pumping season as evidenced by the rains earlier this
month. When this happens, groundwater from dewatering and storm water
are competing for the same resource, our storm drains. It is sometimes
                                                                       Page 47 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
