                         TRANSCRIPT
Garth Hall: Mayor Burt and City Council Members, who could not want to
work on a technical commission or advisory commission that would serve
the members of this community as well as directly the City Council Members
when you have such leadership here. Who would have imagined a city that
would be the first probably in California if not the nation to be carbon
neutral, to have set that vision, to have implemented it and said that's not
enough. It is really quite commendable that Palo Alto is doing these things.
I think it stems from the fact that the City Council has the vision, works
cohesively, constructively. I do also want to echo the comments about the
Staff. I know Val Fong retired. Ed stepped in very admirably. The Staff has
just been really incredible. Council Member Kniss mentioned the Minutes.
The Minutes may seem like just paperwork, but I've never worked in any
public agency that provides such accurate and detailed and very useful
Minutes as the City does. It really does reflect all the way through the
quality of the work that's being done amongst the Staff. They really have
done a very, very good job. I got really sorry for Val and some of the Staff
on some of the late nights when they had worked a long evening and then
had to endure all the questions, comments from the Commission, but they
stood by it and they were very professional. I just really respect them
enormously, all of the Staff. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Thank you again to all three of you.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to City Manager Comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, members of the Council. I just
would add my words on behalf of our Staff. We are truly fortunate to have
such smart, dedicated people on our Commissions, in particular the folks
who have just left us from the UAC. The summer construction season. I
wanted to sort of share with Council a little bit that, in partnership with
Public Works, the City's Transportation Division has made a number of
improvements to signing and striping on City streets as part of regularly
scheduled maintenance projects over the summer. Some elements of the
adopted concept plans for bicycle boulevards and enhanced bikeways were
implemented well in advance of the larger quarter projects. This saves the
City money and helps to get needed improvements on the ground faster.
We thought we'd just share a few of the projects that are in the final stages
of construction. They include a new traffic circle at the intersection of Park
Boulevard and Stanford Avenue; a new crosswalk and curb extensions on
                                                                          Page 5 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
