                          TRANSCRIPT
metric, VMT, but they've taken one away, the vehicle level of service that
Sarah was just talking about. They've provided direction to OPR to start
influencing the methodology and the threshold setting. That's quite a bit
different than what we've done in the past where a lot of the methodology
questions, all the threshold questions were usually left up to the individual
lead agency, cities and counties for example. It's important when we think
about a new law like this to take a close look at the legislative intent and try
to understand what the Legislature was doing. They really fundamentally, if
you look at Objective Number 2 up here on the screen, wanted to change
the way we approach transportation impact analysis. Instead of focusing on
congestion relief, meaning reducing delays and increasing speeds, it's much
more about balancing multiple objectives. Three very important ones here:
to encourage infill development; promotion of active transportation, that's
walking, bicycling; and then also the reduction of greenhouse gases. Now,
passing this law, they did not intend for other aspects of transportation
analysis to change that are used in safety analysis or air quality. When you
look at those other sections, if you change the transportation analysis, it can
have a ripple effect. You can actually end up influencing the way we
currently practice those other topics. We'll get into some of those details if
you have questions about that. Here's the Twitter version, if you will, of
what is basically an eight hour class on this topic. We tried to boil it down
to just the highlights. If you don't remember anything else from the
presentation, remember the pictures on this slide. If you think about the
way we practice transportation impact analysis today, the photo in the upper
right-hand corner is basically what happens. Development occurs. It
generates new demand in the form of vehicle trips. We typically expand
intersections and roadways to accommodate that demand. All the impacts
and all the mitigation are on the external network away from the project.
The development community is pretty used to this practice. They're used to
paying impact fees or paying for the intersection to be expanded, but 743
changes that. Basically it eliminates the use of vehicle level of service and
delay. It's introducing a brand new metric. You can think of VMT as
basically an efficiency metric, especially if it's expressed as something like
VMT per capita. You can compare two projects or two different areas and
understand how much vehicle travel is required. By adding VMT, we're
changing the dialog, if you will, in how we evaluate projects. Instead of
worrying about their impact on that external network, we're going to focus
more on the project itself. Why does it generate VMT? How much VMT does
it generate? Can we change the project in some fundamental way that it'll
generate less VMT? That's the real important thing here in terms of the
mitigation focus. We're going to actually try and identify ways you might be
able to change the project design or add programs like a TDM program,
Transportation Demand Management, to further reduce its vehicle trips.
This new focus is something that everyone's going to have to get used to.
                                                                          Page 5 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
