                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: The updated analysis at the back.

Mr. de Geus: The National Golf Foundation.

Council Member Schmid: (crosstalk) does not have Packet Page numbers.
Twenty-three has a summary budget for 2020. It seems the first column
assumes that 71,000, the second column assumes the 61. I don't know.
From just what you say, I would assume a conservative analysis would be
the 61 or maybe 65.

Mr. de Geus: We had this conversation with the National Golf Foundation.
They think 71,000 is conservative, given the design of the course that we're
building compared to these other courses. I think opinions vary about that.
I can tell you that Palo Alto had 71,000, 75,000 rounds not that long ago.
2008, 2009, we had that level of rounds. The course is very flat, very
straight, not very interesting.

Council Member Schmid: That's when unemployment rates were high.

Mr. de Geus: I think it's a fair estimate. I don't think it's overly optimistic.

Council Member Schmid: If we assume 65,000, we would be breaking even.
If we go below that, there would be an annual subsidy called for from the
General Fund.

Mr. de Geus: Correct, but we would then consider the 10 percent capital
reserve as maybe not doing in a year like that so we wouldn't impact the
General Fund. That would be something that ...

Council Member Schmid: There's some flexibility on an annual basis. Our
goal really is we need to get that number up to 65 and above.

Mr. de Geus: Yes.

Council Member Schmid: Anything we can do to raise the number of rounds
come 2019? Are there strategies we could have, lower the price?

Mr. de Geus: There are, and we'll be working on that over the next couple
of years. Primarily, it's to build a great golf facility and course that people
want to play. That's the first thing we need to do, and then make sure we
have a management team out there that really knows the golf business and
                                                                         Page 103 of 116
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/20/16
