                          TRANSCRIPT
between those areas and your open space. How does one become a partner
and might that not serve to enhance cities' and counties' awareness of the
importance of interaction?

Ms. Kishimoto: Good question. I understand you're going to be talking
more about the parks later this evening, which is great. In a way, I think we
look upon every city as our partner.

Ms. Hanko: (Inaudible) work on it. Sounds like a good idea.

Ms. Kishimoto: That's right. Actually when this map was up, I was going to
mention there are some things that we can work on long term. There's the
connection between like Foothill Park to the Hawthorn Preserve in Portola
Valley. Alpine Road's reopening is happening. I think we're already your
partners. I hope so. Actually Nonette and I helped open the Los Trancos to
Foothill Park opening as well. I think that's why Nonette and I are here, to
present ourselves as your partners. Nonette and I and Shelly would be
delighted, and our staff, to work with your Staff on ...

Ms. Hanko: (Inaudible) I'll bring it up at the Board meeting.

Council Member Holman: Great, thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you to everybody from the District. Nice
to see you, Shelly, and also thank you, of course, Yoriko and Nonette for
your years of service to Palo Alto and to the region. Our region would look
so different without the work that you guys have done and continue to do.
Whenever I have friends visiting from out of state or out of the country, the
first place I take them hiking is Foothills Park, of course. The second place I
take them hiking is Pescadero Creek. I'm really excited about the expansion
of that and the connection to the sea. I just wanted to say thank you for
that. I'm sorry I arrived a little bit late. I was curious, was there anything
about access for people walking their dogs? One thing that we always hear,
of course, here in Palo Alto and for the region is where people can go hiking
with their dogs either on or off-leash. I was wondering if you guys had any
updates on that. I'm not a dog owner myself, but I love pooches.

Ms. Kishimoto: It's a good question. I happen to be the one on the Board
who is always asking about dogs as well. There's one project which is
opening up dog access, one dog trail access at El Sereno which is a little bit
down south. Windy Hill, of course, is already open to dogs, and we have
plans to improve some of the trails there, so improving current access. The
new preserves which will be open, I think La Honda Preserve, there's a
                                                                         Page 5 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
