                         TRANSCRIPT
Just go for the pictures and the images for the most part. This shows the
street resurfacing work that was completed after the new funding was
approved, over the four years beginning July 2011 through June 2015.
Actually we did not get the 2011 streets in there, on the map, but you can
see some pale yellow sections here, and then both overlay and preventive
repairs just over the four year period, giving you a good sense for the City
as a whole. Next slide real quickly. This is the map for this current Fiscal
Year that we're in, as far as projects again being done around the City.
Lastly, if we go just to the last slide, again this graphic shows the progress
that we've been making on an annual basis. We anticipate hitting this PCI of
85 two years earlier than the original goal. Our current PCI of 82 is now the
highest in Santa Clara County. As we begin to make real strides in
addressing the Infrastructure Plan projects like the Public Safety Building
and Bike/Pedestrian Plan implementation, we should also feel satisfied about
that proactive decision five years ago that led to the success we now have in
this area. Can you go back to the very first slide just for a second real
quick? The interesting thing is, as you can see, we're actually in a position
to begin to start reducing our annual expenditures in the next years going
forward, even though we continue on an upward trajectory of improvement.
Lastly, I would just say that one of the components in the proposed Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) Tax package that may go before the voters
this year includes funding to go to local street and road conditions. In that
proposal, any jurisdiction that has a Pavement Condition Index of 70 or
higher would be eligible to have those funds be completely fungible to be
used on other important capital projects. It could supplement what we want
to do as transportation projects. It could go to supplement our push on the
funding that could be available for Caltrain and grade separation or other
issues. Just another example that investing in the future pays off, and you
get to these places faster than you think if you stick to them each year. I
want to thank our Public Works Staff and certainly the Council for your
direction on this. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thanks, Mr. Keene. I'll just mention that not only are we now
number one in the County at 82, but last year when we rose to 79, that
made us the best street condition of any city in the County. We continue to
improve on that. I want that last street finished.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Now we will move on to Oral Communications. This is the
period for members of the public to speak on Items that are not otherwise
on the Agenda. The Council is not at liberty to discuss these Items because
they were not agendized for the public. Each speaker will have up to three


                                                                          Page 6 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
