                          TRANSCRIPT
mentioned this at our Retreat last year. I'd offer it again for consideration.
There are pros and cons that come with any change. After a year on Council,
I'm more certain that something like that might be useful. Otherwise, the
alternative is the one I mentioned before which is let's try and reserve our
fourth meetings of the month for just regular stuff. On the 9/80 thing, I guess
I'd posit the question of whether there's a way to consider trading the 9/80 for
greater opportunities for ...

Mayor Burt: I should have jumped in before. That whole thing is getting into a
discussion of a particular topic as opposed to whether that's a topic we want to
talk about in the future. I apologize, because I should have done this earlier. I
don't want everybody going into that. That's a rat hole that we can't do today.

Council Member Wolbach: Forget anything about the 9/80 then.

Mayor Burt: Just whether you want to talk about it in the future.

Council Member Wolbach:          In discussions about how we make workload
manageable for Staff, increase opportunities for telecommuting, I think, are
important, I think, are already being discussed as part of our own TDM efforts
and single occupancy vehicle trip reduction efforts for within the City. I
encourage that continued discussion. As far as overall consideration, big
picture consideration of Council time commitment and what that means for
relation to Staff, I think there are a couple of questions that I'm certainly not
ready to dive into today, but that I think we need to have in our minds and
have a conversation at some point in the next couple of years, especially before
our Council size reduces in three years. Those two questions are whether we
want to continue the trend of the last couple of decades of becoming a more
full-time Council and just make it official and say we're going to be full-time like
San Jose or San Francisco. Whether we want to pull back and be very
disciplined about how much time we expect future people running for Council
and serving to commit. A related question is whether Council Members should
have Staff dedicated to assisting them where we say we're going to make the
investment to do that. Those are a couple of things to consider. One other
question to consider when Staff is over loaded, I wonder if there are ways that
we could lean more heavily on our Boards and Commissions to do some of the
early work and maybe even some of the detailed work on exploring some of our
Council Priorities. I'd just put that out there as a question for consideration.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thanks. I mean, just to kind of go quickly. I
thought the green dot project was good. Like Vice Mayor Scharff mentioned, I
think it's good for prioritization. Maybe that's something that we revisit as we
continually add on more things which we do every year and we almost do every
                                                                           Page 66 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
