                          TRANSCRIPT
improper manner. I was astonished to learn that the point sources who are
voluntarily conducting this pumping are exempt from any fees that the rest
of us bear. That's frankly very unfair. I hope to see that change. Not only
does it send the wrong message, if they're exempt from fees, it encourages
the practice of just pumping down the water table in the region and
continuing with this problem. These individual point sources should be
paying their fair share to use the storm drain utility just like the rest of us.
The argument that this is an unused utility and in the summer time, I feel
it's hogwash. It's like any other utility; you pay your share. With global
warming, the argument that it's unused in the summer time may also be
changing. We have data that supports that as well as we start seeing more
rainfall in the summer time and in other places. That's all. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our public comments. Returning to
the Council, I just want to remind us that Staff's asked to do two things
here, to review and accept the report from the Storm Drain Blue Ribbon
Committee and, second, to provide guidance to Staff on whether to proceed
with a Proposition (Prop) 218 protest hearing and property owner ballot by
mail to approve future storm water management rates. I think really what
the review and accept means that we can have discussions, but ultimately
we'll be accepting the report. Then, we can give whatever guidance we wish
around the 218 on both whether to proceed and—would this also be
guidance on any elements of the components that are still open for
discussion?

Mr. Bobel: Maybe you're thinking of the third item. Actually, I'd say there's
three items, Mayor Burt. The third is to direct the other recommendations in
the report be implemented to the extent they're qualified in the report.
Some of them say consider a given item. We'd consider that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Burt, are you looking for a Motion to simply
accept the report at this time?

Mayor Burt: We can get a Motion on the table, but we're also going to want
to have whatever questions and comments to Staff as well.

Council Member Kniss: I'd be glad to put the accepting the Storm Drain
Blue Committee with much appreciation. I would agree with that. Then,
proceed with Prop 218 ballot by mail process to gain property owner
approval of the proposed fee, which is Recommendation 1 and 2. The others
are "consider." Do you want those included at this time? That's Number 3.

Mayor Burt: Yeah. If you want to include the ...
                                                                          Page 18 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
