                          TRANSCRIPT
commercial FAR to residential FAR in parts of the City where that makes
sense, so we get slightly higher numbers. If the Council's interested in
going to a higher housing number, I would ask that we collectively put our
thinking caps on this evening and think about what policy steps we could
take, in no more detail than I've just articulated, a real broad brush. What
would we do to drive those numbers even higher? It could be that the
members of the public who are saying go big have some ideas or the Council
may have some, if that's your desire.

Mr. Keene: May I add to this? I asked Hillary this question a little while ago
when we were just sitting here at the Staff table, exactly your question,
Mr. Vice Mayor. It may be that the Council is able to make a lot of progress
at identifying some of those additional factors tonight. It may be that you're
not, and you're still interested in this number. You may assign us to go back
and do some reality checks on what it would take to actually begin to pencil
out. What are some of those issues? If you're going to say we're going to
stay at a 50-foot height limit, for example, as a factor or we want a
limitation on very small units, which could actually get you more units in the
same amount of space, those would all have limiting factors on where the
numbers could go. What the Staff has done to date is work within, I think,
the reasonable boundaries of the geography, the zoning and the existing
guiding policies we have as a City to reach that—I'd call it an initial stretch
goal of the 20 percent beyond Scenario 4. If you want to go a lot further,
you all would have to maybe start staking out some territory from a policy
point of view, saying "We'd be willing to entertain some of these
considerations," at least for the purposes of an EIR, to see what those things
mean. It very well may be that we're not able to nail every aspect of that
down, and so your outside number could end up being a tentative number
for right now, that we'd have to put some more definition to it before it
would be worthwhile data as opposed to whimsical.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That was actually very helpful. I appreciate that. My
other question goes on the other end of this. This was a quality of life
scenario as well. On the other end of that, one of the things in that quality
of life is we're not supposed to make things worse. That means that if
there's a scenario here—the other limitation, you could say we could
increase housing if we said we're going to raise the height limit, for instance.
You could clearly do that, build more housing. The question is also on this
where's the testing that we don't want to make traffic worse. How does that
play into that in an EIR? If I say let's go with 5,300 units and your numbers
come back and show that traffic is worse, but if I'd gone with 3,800 units it
shows that there's no increase in traffic, will the EIR tell me that or not? If I
tell you 6,000 units but 5,300 would have been fine with no increase. When
you say do the bookends, if I choose a number that's too big, doesn't it tell
                                                                         Page 64 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
