                          TRANSCRIPT
what some people are calling indirect potable reuse, which sort of boils down
to either storing water or recharging our groundwater. Does that make
sense? We need to study it before we can make a determination. We are
going to have to spend a significant amount of money here just even
figuring that out. It's not an easy thing. The lower right-hand shape is us
working with our other partners, not just Mountain View. East Palo Alto is
probably the first one, maybe Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Stanford. Working
with them again to determine whether recycled water is in their near-term
future or not. In the middle, we bring all these things that you see pictured
together more like a year from now, but it'll be part of the same contract, to
update our 1992 Master Plan for Recycled Water. We're calling that the
Strategic Plan just to differentiate it from our older, early thing. A Strategic
Plan for water recycling/reuse combined with storm water and gray water
and even black water. We'll put all of this stuff together, all this kind of
reuse stuff together. You'll also notice we'll be feeding in segments from
Utilities Potable Water Plan from the lower left-hand corner. We're going to
try to bring all these elements together and give you a Strategic Plan that
hopefully will make sense to you. That's my short little summary of what's
in our future. Two Council actions beyond tonight. Karin, could you walk us
through a little more detail on this? I'll kick you if it gets too much detail.

Karin North, Watershed Protection Manager: Sure. Thanks, Phil. What
we're planning on bringing May 2nd will be the Advance Water Purification
Feasibility Study contract. It's already been negotiated with the consultant.
We're ready to sign. We're just working out our contractual language, cost
sharing agreements with the Water District and Mountain View. The Water
District will be paying 80 percent of that, and Mountain View will be paying
10 percent. The Wastewater Treatment Plant will be funding 10 percent of
that cost. It's around a $365,000 contract. That will be coming back to you,
anticipating May 2nd. Basically we're trying to look at the size and location
of our Advance Water Purification Feasibility Study. Our goal is to get a total
dissolved solids for salinity down to 450 which is in line with what they're
doing at the purified water and recycled water at the Santa Clara/San Jose
Wastewater Treatment Plant. That's just to improve our water quality. If
you remember when I was here in September, when we were discussing the
Environmental Impact Reports, a lot of the concerns was water quality and
Total Dissolved Solids (TDS). Our goal for the purple pipe, recycled water
quality, to get that down to 450 TDS.

Mayor Burt: Can I pause there a second?

Ms. North: Absolutely.



                                                                         Page 57 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
