                           TRANSCRIPT
Everybody else is stored between the Town and Country driveway and the
crosswalk.

Mayor Burt: What time of day is this? That's a lot of kids.

Mr.   Mello: This is lunch time. You'll see here they're still being delayed by
the   driveway signal, not by the crosswalk signal. Now the driveway signal is
red   again. You'll see right about when the queue backs up to the crosswalk,
the   crosswalk signal will turn red.

Mayor Burt: Just one historical note. My recollection is that up until the
1960s Embarcadero, which is three lanes, had A.M.. peak hour two lanes
going westward and P.M. peak hour two lanes going eastward. I didn't
mean to open a can of worms here. We have five speaker cards. If anyone
else would like to speak, please bring a card forward. Our first speaker is
Judd—is it Vozino or Volino?

Judd Volino: Volino.

Mayor Burt: There we go. That's an "l" after all. Welcome.

Mr. Volino: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. My name is
Judd Volino, a resident of the Community Center neighborhood. I'm also the
Safe Route to School champion for Palo Alto High School; although, I'm
speaking on my own and my family's behalf tonight. We all use this
corridor, using all three modes or the three modes of transport that we've
talked about this evening. My children also ride their bikes every day on the
very section that we're talking about, on the north side of Embarcadero
leading into the underpass. After reviewing the alternatives presented, I
think that Alternative 1 will bring the greatest benefits to drivers,
pedestrians and cyclists.        In particular, I think it'll increase the
attractiveness for casual cyclists and pedestrians using foot and pedal power
to reach this busy block. By separating the various users most clearly, I
think Alternative 1 will best achieve the goal of increasing comfort and
safety for pedestrians and cyclists and frankly for public transit users, which
is something we haven't talked about a lot tonight. That's noted in some of
the improvements to the bus stops in this plan. In turn, more people would
be encouraged to leave their cars at home and hopefully reduce the
numbers of cars arriving and passing through this area, particularly for some
of the examples we've cited of coming from our own neighborhood that are
easily within a mile. It's hard to come up with an excuse to use your car,
especially if you can avoid doing parking at Town and Country, for example.
In addition, Alternative 1 has a greater set of improvements at the El
Camino Real crossing, which will also benefit those commuting to Stanford,
attending events and headed to the Stanford Perimeter Trail. Alternative 2,
                                                                        Page 79 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
