                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Just three questions at this time.        In comparing
chicanes to curb extensions, tell me if my understanding is      correct. With
chicanes, you allow a cut through for bicyclists; whereas,       with the curb
extension, the bicyclist would be forced into the same path of   travel with the
automobile. Is that correct?

Mr. Mello: This is something we struggled with throughout the design
process, the concept planning process for this. There are a lot of cyclists
who ride in the parking lanes currently today, because a lot of the parking
lanes are unoccupied during the day when folks are at work. There's kind of
a culture of straddling the curb and then weaving in and out of the travel
lane as they pass parked vehicles. That's not the way we encourage folks to
operate a bicycle. A lot of these streets are intended to be shared travel
lanes, shared roadways. That's the whole goal of the bike boulevard
program, to bring motor vehicle travel speeds down so that cyclists can feel
comfortable taking the travel lane. All of the curb extensions and the
chicanes that you see in the concept plans are in locations where there's a
parking lane. A cyclist really should not be using the parking lane to travel
in; a lot of them do. We're trying to discourage that behavior. We do that
in our Safe Routes to School program. The students are taught to follow the
sharrows, take the lane, not weave in and out of the travel lane which
creates a dangerous situation.       That's something we struggled with
throughout the concept planning process, do we operate under the
assumption that cyclists are going to be riding in the parking lane, which
could preclude us from implementing curb extensions and adding street
trees and creating these kind of shorter crossing distances, or do we actively
try to encourage cyclists to take the lane and share the roadway. We've
opted for that second recommendation.

Council Member Wolbach: Next question. Do you ever see cases of trees
and landscaping actually obstructing visibility? I'm thinking of a couple of
examples that I've experienced. I'm curious if that's—how do you go about
thinking about that challenge or that potential, especially as trees and
vegetation mature over time? This question of if we take away parking and
put in vegetation instead and over time it grows and ends up with the same
loss of visibility. It's still prettier than parked cars, but you're not getting
the safety benefits which are the best argument in favor of taking away
somebody's parking space.



                                                                         Page 32 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
