                          TRANSCRIPT
Barbara Gross: Good afternoon, Council Members. I am Barbara Gross. I
live in Crescent Park for over 30 years and have worked in the Downtown for
over 35 years. The resolution of this topic requires many disciplines of
urban planning, taking into consideration quality of life, sustaining the City's
financial stability, and the science of traffic and parking management. As a
member of the steering committee to form the Transportation Management
Association, I participated in a coalition of residents, business people, City
Staff, and traffic experts to focus on a single aspect of traffic and parking
management. The focus of the TMA is to reduce the number of single
occupied vehicles coming into the Downtown. The TMA officially began in
January. As a member of the first RPP formation proposal, the same
coalition was in place to thrash through the overcrowded parking in the
neighborhoods. This format was continued by the City as it took control of
the broader resolution. However, the single focus remained the same;
reduce the amount of cars parking on the street. When the previous
Councils discussed this problem, they used the analogy of a three-legged
stool.    One of those components was to increase supply, to update
technology, and to use other tools such as the RPP, the TMA and so on.
When this Council introduced a plan to reduce employee parking permits to
zero over a 10-year period without being vetted by stakeholders, it tilts the
planning process. I urge you to abandon this isolated idea and continue
along the path of representing all stakeholder interests and not put an undue
burden on one segment of the community. Please recognize that the
landowners in the Downtown district have built the last two garages and are
still paying the bonds for those two garages. Progress will be made, but it's
slow. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Judy Kleinberg, to be
followed by Russ Cohen.

Judy Kleinberg: Thank you. I'm speaking on behalf of the Chamber which
asks you to delay any modification to the RPP program related to employee
permits. To change the program now is premature. Today I want to
address why we want you to slow down the process. The business sector
participated as a stakeholder in designing Phase One because it's aim is to
collect data that can be used to evaluate how the program is working and
any changes that are advised. It was a shared streets approach that would
benefit both residents and businesses alike, but Phase One isn't over, and
we don't have that data, and we don't have any analysis of the data. Let's
talk about some of the data we do have. 80 percent of the Downtown
employees who park in the neighborhoods work in retail, restaurants or
hospitality. Only 20 percent work in offices. To constantly blame offices for
the parking problem will not allow us to find a solution. These are the
workforce that provide the services that drive retail and the revenue our City
                                                                          Page 27 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
