                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Clarification on this please. You're talking about
Paragraph 3 on Page 4. Are you saying delete that paragraph and replace it
with the language here? Is that what you're saying?

Council Member Wolbach: My Motion failed.

Mayor Burt: What I'm saying is that it would be modified as reflected in this
Motion.

Council Member Holman: This third paragraph would be modified to address
the comments here, not replace the comments in Paragraph 3?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. The Motion is general guidelines of the emphasis of the
document and including modifying that paragraph, but not attempting to
come up with wordsmithing tonight. I'm not going to be receptive to a
bunch of amendments that are wordsmithing. We need to get out of here
and leave it up to the City Manager to respond to our guidance.

Council Member Holman: I'll just leave it at this. I think Staff was on the
right direction. I think some of the language having to do with the bridge
may have been a little bit edgy. I think the original letter is pretty close.
With these comments that don't eliminate the impacts identified by Staff,
that's the direction to go.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth:       I too am not comfortable with Council
wordsmithing these kinds of things. In these kinds of things, pretty good is
good enough. In this particular case, I do agree with Council Member
Scharff, the Vice Mayor, that one sentence reads like a threat. As long as
that can change, I'm good with it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll support the Motion. I think the letter as it
stands meets the Motion. Maybe changing one sentence, but largely the
letter stands the way it is, and it meets the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I would ask that we also, as part of this, limit or
remove assumptions regarding displacement.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm good with that.
                                                                           Page 98 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
