                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm asking you the top three things you're proud of,
that you think would not have happened if it wasn't for the BID.

Mr. Cohen: I think our lamp post banner program defines our district in a
differentiating way than any other downtown. I'm particularly proud of that,
because it helps brand our Downtown.         What typically happens in a
downtown is there are banners that are put up once a year, and they last for
probably 10 years. They get old and stale, and they do not differentiate the
downtown experience as we have with our banner program. Our banner
program is unique. Once again, for that program what we've done is form
private-public partnerships and found sponsors to underwrite the cost of
changing out those banners at least four times a year. The installation may
come out of our budget, but the actual production does not.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I have a couple of follow-up questions for you, Russ, and then
for Staff. On Page 290 of the Packet, it talks about the sidewalk cleaning,
steam cleaning, once a month. Who pays for that?

Mr. Cohen: That did come out of the Parking Assessment District funds.

Mayor Burt: What's then the relationship between the Assessment District
and the BID?

Mr. Cohen: We, for the last five years, have been the administer of the
Parking Assessment District Committee.        That used to be a standing
committee of the Chamber of Commerce. What was realized over time was
that the issues that were brought forward by the Parking Assessment District
were basically Downtown issues. We took over the sort of administration,
doing the minutes, doing the secretarial duties, and trying to hear what the
issues were and trying to influence that budget.

Mayor Burt: The Downtown Streets Team, is there a funding that is going to
...

Mr. Cohen: There's two funding mechanisms. One through the BID itself in
our budget, and one through the Parking Assessment District. The Parking
Assessment District funds go directly to the Downtown Streets Team
particularly for the maintenance of the garages.

Mayor Burt: What's the dollar amounts coming from the Assessment District
and the BID respectively to the Downtown Streets Team?



                                                                         Page 17 of 128
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
