                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Sullivan: The thing that costs in the sign fabrication is the detailing of
the sign and what it's made of. The Manual on Uniform Traffic Control
Devices (MUTCD) standard signs could also be—I think we would be fine
with using MUTCD standard signage, but right now all the signage is
inconsistent. It doesn't cost us any more to have a specific parking brand
versus the MUTCD signage. What will cost us is to fabricate these signs,
depending on how they're detailed.

Council Member DuBois:      You're saying custom signs don't cost any more
than standard signs?

Ms. Sullivan: Based on what's on the sign, no. Where we are proposing
these pylons, which have this sort of stainless steel kind of detail on them,
which is nice. It's got this sort of etched finish. Clearly we could look at the
construction costs and value engineer some of that if we wanted to.

Council Member DuBois: I just thought it was an interesting comment from
the public. I guess what I'm hearing is that when the parking access
revenue controls go in, we're thinking that that may fund the guidance
system?

Ms. Sullivan: That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: Is there any limit on revenue generation from
parking in the way that there is with utilities? Does that money just go into
the General Fund? That's maybe something the City Attorney knows. Is
there a limit on parking revenue? It just goes in the General Fund, right?

Mr. Keene: It can be used for anything, yes. I'm sorry.

Council Member DuBois: We don't need to spend this money just on a
guidance system if we were to raise that kind of money?

Mr. Keene: No. When I was in Berkeley, it was a profit center for the city,
big time.

Council Member DuBois:      Can the Downtown Parking Assessment District
fund some of this?

Ms. Sullivan: We were proposing that the Parking Permit Fund be used for
the wayfinding signage. Yes, it could be.

Council Member DuBois: Was that in the proposal here?

Ms. Sullivan: Yes.

                                                                          Page 61 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
