                         TRANSCRIPT
it's frankly an injustice. I think we need to do our part. If there's an
opportunity to have other cities join us in that without preconditions or
strings attached so that East Palo Alto can have all the same opportunities
that we do, I think that's appropriate.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I just basically wanted to echo that. I think we
ought to resist the temptation to try to micro-engineer this too much. The
bottom line is we've got it and we're not using it. They need it, so we should
just do this.

Mayor Burt: I'll just add a couple of additional comments. East Palo Alto is
now a partner in our joint recycled water committee through the Santa Clara
Valley Water District, because East Palo Alto is one of our partner agencies
in our Water Quality Control Plant. Within that, that study is one where
we're looking more deeply at our groundwater aquifer. I think that the
entire notion of understanding our aquifer and collaboration on that is
something that we're all working together on. I also want to emphasize
something that's laid out in the Memo for the benefit of the community's
understanding. When we had our drought restrictions, they weren't because
SFPUC and the Hetch Hetchy system lacked water. It was a Statewide
mandate by the Governor that affected all jurisdictions and water agencies
in the state. It so happens that the Hetch Hetchy system—part of the
reason that we are in as good a shape as we are in a drought is that almost
20 years ago Hetch Hetchy, after the previous drought, stopped pumping
water for purposes of generating cheap hydro during the drought. As a
result, the water storage capacity for drinking water and other potable water
usage for all of us in the Hetch Hetchy system improved. That's why Hetch
Hetchy withstood this 500-year drought in better shape than almost any
other water system in the state. We're now back up at a fairly high portion
of its total capacity. I think that's one area of concern that the community
might have without understanding that it wasn't through our regional agency
that the drought restriction occurred, and it would be a very nominal impact
on us from the drought. I concur with what a number of speakers have said
and my colleagues have said. A lot of our community doesn't know the long
history of our neighbor and our colleagues in East Palo Alto, where there
have been a number of unfair and unjust zoning and other actions over
many decades. This is a modest way in which we can help correct one of
those. I want to lend my support to the initiative and thank my colleagues
for their support. I think we can vote on the board.

Mr. Keene: Is there a Motion, Mr. Mayor?


                                                                        Page 79 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
