                         TRANSCRIPT
surprised that that number continues to appear in this document. In the
past, it did not appear. We may even have the very same Staff people in
Administrative Services that (inaudible) a responsibility for it, and somehow
the number changed. Thank you for giving me the time to elaborate. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 8:              Good
evening, Mayor Burke and Council Members. Thank you for letting all of us
speak. I want to speak to the prospect of giving raises to the best paid
employees that we have. With the notion, I would like to introduce you to
the notion that there would be better ways to express our appreciation for
the excellence and the dedication that these public servants provide. For
one thing, the improvement of income up at the very top level is proving not
to be as productive as one might think. There's a national conversation
going on right now whether the way that we distribute burdens and benefits
is in reality helpful to our economy. There was a documentary about Robert
Reich, the former Secretary of Labor, was over at Stanford, part of the UN
documentary series. There was this guy; he owned a mattress factory. He
makes a lot of money. He's really rich. He wasn't complaining about rich
people and poor people, but he said, "If you think that I'm being rewarded
for making jobs, you have another think coming. I make mattresses. No
matter how much you raise the salaries of the 1 percent or the 10 percent,
it's not going to do me any good. I'm not making jobs from that." No
matter how much he makes, he can only use one mattress. It's those
people out there, those other consumers, the people on the low end of the
scale, those consumers that are making the jobs. I would like to suggest
that you think about rewarding these people who have been so valuable to
us with putting solar on their houses, for instance. That would bank them
an extra 200 a month, and it would be a benefit to the City. Or you could
buy them electric cars. You want the rest of us to pay for electric cars by
putting in plugs that will hold them. You could get these people whom you
wish to reward and appreciate, you could get them an electric car. Or you
could get a chauffeur and pay a low-paid person to come around and collect
them in the morning, so that they wouldn't have to give out so many
emissions from their cars as they drive to work. Or better yet, you could
employee a lot of halftime people to help this Staff who are working very
hard, so that they wouldn't have to put in so many long hours. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I see that we have at our places some Staff
responses on some of the issues related to Consent Calendar. Before we
entertain a Motion, would Staff like to share any of that with us?


                                                                      Page 29 of 125
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/1/16
