                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We'll return to the initial Motion, and I had some lights.
Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just briefly I wanted to weigh in on a point that
Council Member DuBois noted earlier. Appendix D is full of charts which say
target residential utilization. I think we don't have a Citywide standard for
target residential utilization. It maybe that we need one. I see this stuff all
over the place, but we don't have one right now. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just wanted to add a comment to the reduction
of parking spaces near Greer Park. I think the point was made that the
weekends are different. There are six active playing fields where games
take place on Saturday and Sunday. That's the time where you really need
those parking spaces. If you could take that into account.

Mayor Burt: I'll just a couple of final comments. It may be appropriate to
reduce the removal of parking spaces at Greer Park, but I think we do need
to think differently a bit about the impact of having a significantly better
Bike Plan. I think the more likely impact is that we're going to see a shift in
our social norm so that we don't have as many kids and parents think that
they have to drive their kid to the soccer game, that they ride their bike to
the soccer game together as a family or as kids. It reduces the demand for
parking. I think there's an assumption that the parking requirements are
stagnant. In fact, I believe that they're dynamic and that we're going to see
less parking requirements on a value basis, aside from all the other
pragmatic impacts of less traffic and less parking as a result of improved and
better biking and more convenient biking in town. The whole notion that
every time we move about town we should be escorted in a two ton vehicle
is a little bit absurd when we really step back and think about it. That's how
we do most of our travel. We get into two ton cars to take us most of the
time individually to our destinations a mile or two from where we're starting.
It'll be very interesting how much we move the needle as a result of making
this more convenient. I look forward to the next phase of this plan. I think
we'll see a next phase soon. I'm really appreciative of the Staff and frankly
the City Manager. When this came to us as an initiative on our new Bike
Master Plan three or four years ago—four years ago, I guess, time flies—I
recall that I was the dissenter in interest of updating the Bike Master Plan.
Everybody was a little bit surprised, but I said, "Why do we need a new Bike
Plan? We've had one sitting on the shelf for almost 10 years, and we
haven't done anything to implement it, haven't funded it." The prior City
Manager really had not commitment to it. Our City Manager said, "No, no,
no. We're serious about this, and we're going to move forward with an

                                                                        Page 63 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
