                          TRANSCRIPT
going change and people's habits are going to change, how can we achieve
that goal by the deadline. You've got hope a little bit that Silicon Valley will
do what Silicon Valley does which is create the tools necessary to achieve
that. I'm confident that it will. I'm also confident we don't have much of a
choice. If Palo Alto doesn't really take a very ambitious step and kind of set
a market out there, then other communities won't either, similar to the role
that America's playing on the global stage. I definitely think that a lot of the
questions that my Colleagues have asked are good questions and that we
should get as much information as we possibly can. We shouldn't let any
lack of information stop us from really moving forward very ambitiously
which clearly, I think, our community wants. It's true that only 20 or 25
percent of our residents were participating in Palo Alto—I always get it
confused whether it was (Clean Local Energy Accessible Now (CLEAN). I
think it was Clean. PaloAltoGreen, is that what we called that one?

Mr. Friend: Yeah, PaloAltoGreen.

Council Member Berman: That was what? Like 2X better than any other
community in the country. I think we have a pretty unique opportunity to
really be ambitious. I was talking about this with somebody yesterday.
Some stuff's not going to work. That's a hard thing in the public sector.
There's not a lot of acceptance with public sector initiatives for failure, when
ironically there's a ton of acceptance in the private sector. This is one of the
areas where we as a Council have to tell you as a Staff and you guys as a
community that we're okay with some failure. We want regular monitoring
and benchmarks and oversight to make sure that when things are veering
off course we eliminate programs that aren't working and we don't waste a
lot of money.        The fact is with some of this, we're going to be
experimenting, and some things are going to work fabulously, and
something might not. I guess I'm saying that I, for one, am okay with that
and understanding that that might happen. I think our community is okay
with that also, one the whole. Obviously not everybody in the community
will be okay with that. One other thing. We talk about all electric buildings
and the fact that this recent development in the Stanford Research Park kind
of surprised all of us when they said they're not going to have a natural gas
hookup, which threw us all off guard. It's 1050 Page Mill Road. It looks like
you weren't aware of that one. Reach out to them maybe as they're going
through the process, and let's start compiling best practices. I mean, it's
similar to what—there are efforts in other areas with sea level rise, for
instance, at the State level. The State's compiling a database of things that
people are doing. Let's reach out to developers that are building those
projects and say, "What was your experience like? Where were some pain
points? What worked well?" so that future developers have that at the
ready, so that it's a little less scary for them to try those types of things.
                                                                         Page 82 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
