                          TRANSCRIPT
may do that and we may find out we need to do an incentive to make sure
people are out there to drive these people. That may be something that
we'll evaluate and say, "Let's swap these incentives a little bit." We also
want to continue to foster collaboration among the employers. The nice
thing about this is the more we work together, the more successes we have.
Guess what? The more people want to work together. It's a really nice
feedback loop. Lastly, time. It takes time to develop these programs, to
launch them, to market them so that they catch on with employees, to
evaluate them and finally to optimize them for maximum effectiveness.
With that, I would like to thank you for having us here today and letting us
share our programs. We've talked about the transportation environment
and challenges, current and future programs, and keys to success. Now, I'd
like to turn it back over to Tiffany. She's going to introduce a few of our
working group members.

Ms. Griego: A few have asked if they can share their unique perspectives
with you tonight as well, just so you recognize that this is not just a Stanford
effort. I'd like to first introduce Linda Marie Santiago, the Director of Real
Estate and Workplace from VMware. VMware is the Research Park's largest
tenant. After Linda Marie, Stan Nakaso, the Facility Project Manager for
Lockheed Martin will come speak. Lockheed Martin has been in the Research
Park since 1956. Finally, Kellie Drenner, External Relations Manager from
SAP, will speak. Then we'll be happy to take any questions you have.
Thank you.

Linda Marie Santiago, VMware Real Estate Director: Good evening, Council
Members and City Staff. My name is Linda Marie Santiago, and I am a
director for VMware with responsibility for the real estate operations of our
105-acre Stanford Research Park campus. It's a pleasure to be speaking
here tonight to you about a subject about which VMware is quite passionate,
transportation. As most of you well know, VMware is the second largest
employer in the Stanford Research Park. We care about our people, our
campus and this community. We already are doing quite a bit around
transportation demand programs, responding to our employees' needs and
spending funds on TDM programs. This has been and will continue to be a
priority for us. Our programs include a last-mile shuttle program from two
of the local train stations to campus; a rider app that informs our shuttle
riders of real-time vehicle location and delay notifications; mostly subsidized
public transit passes; Eco Passes; bicycle-friendly amenities and programs
including bike lockers, indoor bike rooms, shower rooms and annual
participation and promotion of Bike to Work Week and Day; vanpools; and
EV charging stations. We are working on future services too including Dero
ZAP which is the technology that produces an automated count of daily bike
trips to campus and a point-to-point commuter shuttle from San Francisco,
                                                                          Page 15 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
