                         TRANSCRIPT
natural landscape, that's one issue. To give all that up because some hotel
wants to get some extra rooms in is insane. I hope our City steps back from
this precipice and says, "No, no, no. We want to preserve the Research Park
and its beauty and not give it up on this kind of situation." Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Next speaker is Doria Summa, to be followed by
our final speaker, Herb Borock. Herb Borock, welcome.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt. This property is part of one of the
early Stanford annexations, I believe, when Stanford was annexing and
requesting rezoning for the area from Hansen Way down to California
Avenue. At that time, I think there was just one property that they didn't
own. It was Stanford that requested the 50-foot buffer in what was then the
Open Area (OA) or open areas zoning to provide separation and limit the
impact to neighboring properties. With the use permit, it was possible to
use the zone for parking, for minor roads and for other nonstructural uses.
When Stanford's Vice President, Alf Brandin, was asked about a green belt or
landscaping, he said that none of that open area zoning on Stanford
property was intended as a green belt. It's there as open land, but the
University never agreed to landscape it. Things have changed over time. I
guess that became the landscape zone. There's also the zoning that was
requested, the commercial zoning of whatever it is, 300 feet back, 200, 300
feet back for El Camino which would then against, I guess, the original—
what was then the Industrial Park properties for Varian and Kodak. This has
been there for a long time. I'm not sure why Stanford's not here. Either
they know about it and they don't want to be here or they weren't notified,
which I would hope—there'd always been communication between Planning
Staff in the City and planning staff at Sanford, so they'd each be aware of
what's going on. I did have some concern where it seemed to be an attempt
to get either consensus or views. I don't see a prescreening hearing to
serve that purpose. If someone wants some collective agreement about
something, then they file a real application and come through the normal
process. This is to get your individual views in the prescreening which are
not binding on anybody. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes this item. Thank you very much.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We
should note that we have changed what was formerly Item Number Eight
and is now listed on the Agenda at our places as Item Number 11a. That's
the discussion of the recycled water programs and an amendment to a
contract. This was done to give the Council opportunity to discuss this in the

                                                                       Page 50 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
