                          TRANSCRIPT
Then we have the other element of architectural style, which doesn't mean
everybody has to have an exact duplicate of Eichlers. I think we've all seen
rebuilds that are really exceptional but very much the modern style and
compatible with the Eichler neighborhood. If anything, some of them are
really great additions to the neighborhood. Having a design component that
would describe the boundaries of style is something to be considered. The
Individual Review Guidelines, when they were adopted 15 years ago, after a
lot of discussion decided not to attempt to address style.             In these
neighborhoods that have a cohesive architectural style, I think I would be
open to including that. There's also real issues—it was really brought out in
this neighborhood because it has smaller lot sizes on average than almost
any of the neighborhoods that have had single story overlays. When the
ordinance was originally adopted, there was nothing that allowed folks to
build their additional square footage that they, otherwise, would be deprived
onto one story. The ordinance was changed about 20 years ago, and it
allowed for that. That works well on big lots; it doesn't work well on the
small lots primarily because of the setbacks we have. Also just for people to
have a full right to their floor area ratio, they might need a partial second
story in some circumstances. Those would be issues we have to struggle
with. I think the setback issue is a tradeoff that we'll have to look at and
see what the community feels about the reasonableness of those tradeoffs.
We can't have everything. We're going to have attempts to balance those
alternatives. I think if we are not going to support this petition tonight, then
we need to frame to Staff maybe a set of alternatives that we'd like to have
them return with for a preliminary discussion. I would suggest that we look
at both the conservation district concept or a chapter within or a segment
within our IR Guidelines that might be simpler and able to come back to us
sooner. That's one of the attractions that, I think, might work there. I also
think that going forward on SSOs, we do need to look at breaking up the
process between what it takes to have a petition accepted by the City and
move forward, and then what's the voting process after we've accepted that
petition. I think that we can just break those two up and have a little more
clarity on each.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you want to frame a Motion like that?

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois asked if he could have an opportunity
to frame the Motion. I'll see what he captures. Let me go ahead and pass it
off to Council Member DuBois at this time. Actually, Council Member Filseth,
you haven't had a chance to speak on the first round. Go right ahead.

Council Member Filseth: I'll be really terse because I think most of this has
been well fleshed out. Like most of my colleagues here, I'm going to have a
really hard time voting to establish an SSO tonight, because so much of the
                                                                         Page 66 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
