                          TRANSCRIPT
      Program; and (2) Provide Direction to Staff Concerning Aspects of Plan
      Implementation. (STAFF REQUESTS THIS ITEM BE CONTINUED
      TO DECEMBER 5, 2016.)

This Agenda Item continued to December 5, 2016.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: We now move onto Intergovernmental Legislative Affairs, which
I'm not aware of any comments.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Members' Questions, Comments and Announcements.
Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly, I wanted to say that I was elected
President of the Santa Clara County Cities Association last week on
Thursday.

Mayor Burt: Congratulations.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: On Saturday night in front of City Hall, we had a
rally of sorts and vigil with candlelight, encouraging people to stick together
and respect the diversity and the inclusivity, which makes Palo Alto already
great.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to let Staff know that Council
Members Holman, Filseth, Mayor Burt and myself are going to be submitting
a Colleagues Memo on looking at providing some water to East Palo Alto.
You'll be seeing that soon.

Mayor Burt: I have sent the draft to City Manager Keene. Maybe, Council
Member DuBois, as I'm getting on a plane. I wanted to share two things.
Last Friday, I had the pleasure to speak at the Veterans Hospital Veterans
Day honoring event and saw a few of the people who were at our City one
on Monday. I just want to share how appreciative the veterans were to feel
that, whether they reside in Palo Alto or just get care at the VA Hospital, the
community treats them as part of our community and respects and values
them and welcomes them. We invited them to next year's Veterans Day
                                                                         Page 55 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
