                         TRANSCRIPT
more for this fall, or whether we think of it as a longer-term measure. We
have to get to that point, and that's my sense that we need a committee
that works with Staff quickly and comes up with the polling as the primary
purpose. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: It's interesting to hear this conversation moving
very much in the direction of some kind of a tax. On the question of taxes,
there was a comment made earlier that sales taxes are really a tax on
residents. I would just posit that a great amount of our sales tax is also
paid by employees who live somewhere else and spend their money in
Downtown or other places or visitors who come to town. I would just
disagree with the argument that a sales tax is just a tax on residents. It
might be primarily; I'm not sure. I'm not even sure if we have the data on
how much is paid by residents versus visitors or employees. A parcel tax
would certainly be more of a tax on residents. It seems to me maybe—
here's four steps to think about. A committee, whether it's ad hoc, it sounds
like might be the best, but I'd want to come back to Staff for guesses about
Staff impact and workload. It seems like there's at least four steps. One,
figure out how much money is needed. Two, figure out how short we are. I
can't remember which Council Member was saying how much money we're
already getting from our TMA from memberships. Was that Council Member
Filseth making this point? We need to figure out how short we are. What's
the gap between what we're actually going to get versus what we need?
That also depends a little bit on the VTA ballot measure. Figure out how
much money is needed. Figure out how short we are. Three, figure out how
to raise it. Four, figure out when to raise it. Echoing Council Member
Berman's point, which I think is based on a lot of experience here in Palo
Alto, we should, better than we have in the past sometimes, do a lot of
outreach to the business community, Stanford, etc., all the stakeholders in
town, to think very, very carefully about each of these steps. But again,
figure out how much we need; figure out how short we are; figure out how
to raise it; and figure out when to raise it. As I mentioned before, that
doesn't necessarily mean a business tax is the best way to go. That might
be a part of a puzzle that includes multiple solutions.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just some quick thoughts on the Downtown TMA.
There potentially are some other options in terms of jumpstarting it. The
City could maybe prepay it's employee fee for a number of years. We could
potentially give them a low interest loan. It doesn't all have to be a grant.
Again, I think we are contributing a lot of in-kind to the TMA already in
terms of our shuttle program. Maybe we contribute other things. The one
thing that struck me during that discussion was I think there should be a
                                                                       Page 85 of 99
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/14/16
