                          TRANSCRIPT
of the ramps and things like that. We're showing 52.3 to the top of the
railing, and then the panels would be—I'm sorry, not the panels. The top of
the support structure would be at approximately 57.3. That may be where
you heard the 57. In this particular case, from the University Avenue side,
that difference of 5 feet might be a little bit more, like 6 feet, because of the
relative heights of the different sections of the garage.

Council Member Holman: As I've said, those are the two drawings that we
have, that are really troubling me to call those minor. I'm having a hard
time in my mind thinking if any design or any applicant came along and said,
"We have this minor project," and they had the impact that these do
visually, as I see them, I'd not be very supportive of Staff calling those
minor. That's one point.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. Could we respond to that?

Council Member Holman: Sure, of course.

Mr. Lait: That's one of the reasons why we're here, to get the Council's read
on that. Ideally we would have had the panels set back further from the
edge of the building so they weren't as visible. We understand there may be
some constraints associated with the production of solar power that's to be
generated from the panels. That might be an area of discussion with the
applicant team to talk about the solar generation.

Council Member Holman: That was my next question, why can't these be
set back more.

Mr. Lait: I would refer you ...

Council Member Holman: To lessen the impact.

Ms. Hamilton: In response to that, the structure itself, the framework that
would support the panels, in order not to lose parking spaces which was one
of the primary directives on the RFP, the structure has been designed
basically to span the entire width of a double-sided drive aisle. In other
words, you have the width of the parking space, the double drive aisle and
the width of the next parking space opposite it. That takes the vertical loads
all the way to the edge of the building. While it's possible to reduce the
number of panels, the steel structure itself that's supporting them would
have to reach the edge. As far as reducing the number of panels to reduce
the visual impact, I'm going to have to defer to the project sponsor, because
that would have an impact on the total power output and what they were
contracted to provide.

                                                                         Page 43 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
