                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Are you comfortable with this Motion not addressing types of
housing within this scenario? Is Staff comfortable with waiting on that?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we understand where the Council is headed. In fact,
these scenarios already kind of move in that direction. We'll look to move
further in that direction.

Mayor Burt: I do just want to say a couple of higher level things and a few
specific. Arthur had spoken about a jobs/housing/transportation triad. I
think that's a good analogy. I also would say that for those who have been
arguing that we should be looking at just addressing the housing supply and
not recognizing that the greatest impact on our jobs/housing imbalance that
has been exacerbated in recent years has been the rate of growth of jobs,
not the rate of growth of housing. In the last few years, we've had
significantly less housing built than in the previous seven years. Really the
biggest problem has been we've far outpaced housing with the job growth.
Trying to have the housing keep up with real fast job growth is really like a
dog trying to chase its own tail. It just doesn't work. Second, I do want to
respond to characterizations of the choices that we have as being between a
mid-size college town and fourth regional megaplex. I think both of those
are false. We haven't been a mid-size college town since the '60s and '70s
when Stanford Research Park became fairly fully built out and was absolutely
the center and the founding force of Silicon Valley. That Research Park has
close to 30,000 employees, and it was largely built-out in the '70s. We
haven't been merely a mid-size college town, and I think all of us honestly
know that when you speak to people outside of this area, they recognize
that Palo Alto has a role beyond that. I know of very few people in this
community, there are a few, who have any aspiration to make us a
megaplex either.      I really think both of those are false choices or
characterizations. I think the sooner we stop portraying these alternatives
in that way, the better we get down to the meat of what we're really trying
to address which is how do we contend with not only maintaining our quality
of life but in terms of traffic congestion regaining a quality of life. I think
that's an objective that we need to have here. The other thing I want to do
is really disagree with several of my colleagues who have thought that
there's really almost no way to mitigate the traffic impacts. We're sitting
here, and we have to distinguish between what's evaluated in these
scenarios and the mitigation measures and what we have in the policy
behind our Transportation Management Agency which is a 30 percent
reduction in single occupancy vehicle trips to Downtown. When we look at
these scenarios and if we look down under mode share for Palo Alto drive-
alone, the best scenario that we're looking at is a three percent reduction in
drive-alone Citywide. We have to realize what's evaluated here is one order
of magnitude less reduction than what we have already adopted as a policy
                                                                         Page 71 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
