                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
remove from Motion Part B, “at East Meadow Drive or.”

Council Member Kniss: Nope, I'm fine.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I agree with the intent of the Amendment, but I'm
going to vote against it. I think the whole Motion needs to change. I think
the motion needs to change to allow focusing on the Class IV bike path
along Loma Verde. I think investigate improvements to Loma Verde is too
weak and doesn't give Staff enough direction. I think that we need a
Midtown Connector, and I think that would be Loma Verde, not East Meadow
as Mayor Burt said. I think trying to fix this Motion is the wrong way to go.
I'm going to vote against the Amendment because I want to vote against the
Motion.

Mayor Burt: I guess I don't disagree with what Vice Mayor Scharff just said.
It's a question of piecemeal. I'm going to withdraw the Amendment. I will
also vote against this Motion. I was trying to look for a more expeditious
way to get through this. I agree with him. Council Member Schmid,
speaking just to the Motion.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Schmid: Let me make one suggested amendment to "A."
The last part of the sentence says see if the grant money can be applied to
East Meadow Drive improvements. Add the clause "if not, use the grant
money on the Segments D, E and F of Matadero Creek."

Council Member DuBois: No. I'm sorry.

Council Member Schmid: I'm suggesting this as an Amendment, because I
believe the Water District has identified creek paths as the user of the funds.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, I think that Vice Mayor Scharff's
intended alternative Motion, if this fails, would be addressing that. I don't
know if you want to wait and try to capture it into his. If that's okay, Vice
Mayor Scharff.



                                                                        Page 59 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
