                          TRANSCRIPT
current zoning really allows us the opportunity to fill our space. As a young
developer and owner in the beginning of my career, I can tell you that
having a vacant building is not a small thing. It has serious consequences
for me and my career. I know there's a tendency to think that all owners
have deep pockets, and that they can sustain a vacancy while we decide
these things. I will tell you it's been an eye-opening process for me,
knowing that we bought a building on a certain premise, and now that's
changed. I just urge you to keep flexibility in SOFA II. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jonathan Satz to be followed by Bob Moss.

Jonathan Satz: Council Members, Mayor Burt, thank you for giving us
another opportunity to speak on this issue. I work at Alt School. We
operate a K-8 educational facility on Emerson, so a private educational
facility like the ones you were discussing. We currently serve an enrollment
of around 80 families. We've been a proud member of the Downtown
community since the fall of 2015. It's a school founded on the philosophy of
whole child learning. We really value the opportunity to access the cultural
and civic resources of the Downtown area. It took us two years to find our
current location as we competed with many office users for the properties
that we identified. When we signed our lease, we envisioned opening one
more school in the Downtown area. Since the adoption of the Ordinance,
we've been unable to do so. Even if we can identify properties not protected
by the Ordinance, owners are reticent to lease to us out of fear that they will
lose their office designation. For this reason, we continue to support
including private educational facilities under the permitted uses of the SOFA
II zone as a retail-like use. One tangible and immediate benefit of such a
distinction will be that our current location at 930 Emerson would be
prevented from converting to office use. We understand concerns with
having schools included in the Downtown core. To date, however, the
adjacent community has welcomed our use as providing daytime vitality and
energy to the neighborhood. Furthermore, the impact we do have is similar
to a daycare, which is currently permitted as a retail-like service under the
current designation of the Ordinance. Lastly, we know traffic is often
associated with schools, and we take great care to minimize our impact
through staggered drop-off programs and pick-up times, as well as offering
extended day programming. Using these methods, our current school has
operated with no traffic issues since its opening. Absent a change in the
Ordinance before this April, it is unlikely that we will be able to open up a
new school in time for the fall 2018 school year, which is when we anticipate
needing more space. Given the rigidity of school timelines, this means we
would be delayed another year until fall of 2019 to open a second location.
Thank you for your time. We look forward to continuing our relationship

                                                                       Page 75 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
