                          TRANSCRIPT
know that all 19 members of their family went with their new citizen to vote,
to support their new citizen in voting for the very first time. They were very
excited and very happy about that. A few days later, I saw said new citizen
who's a good friend of mine at his work site in Downtown Palo Alto. He was
full of concern because of the outcome of the election, because all the
members of his family are legal except one, who was in the process of
getting his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) papers. These are
the papers the kids get to—parents came here and the kids were in the
process of becoming legal. His papers were a problem. Suddenly, they
were realizing that they had a family member that was in a very
compromised position. Then, they realized that in fact perhaps they weren't
in such a compromised position, because then all of the kids that were legal
could be, with simply a president saying go get them, in the greatest
jeopardy imaginable because all of those kids that were legal had registered,
had given all of their identifiers, all of their contact information. Everybody
knew where they were, and they could easily be found out. All it would take
would be a president giving the order to go get them and to deport them. I
don't know if you know that the good, smart immigration lawyers are telling
people, again, that are perfectly legal to be sure to be back in this country
by January 20th. What you're doing tonight is important. Strengthen it as
much as you can in the future. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Final speaker is Phyllis Cassell.

Phyllis Cassell: I guess my t-shirt works out; it's the Grinch. I want to
thank you for doing this, writing this resolution. I don't have any dramatic
things to say, except that I'm frightened. I shouldn't be frightened. There
are members of my family who fit not the traditional person who comes over
on the Mayflower. I'm concerned. I want to thank you very much for
standing up. I'm afraid we've got a lot to do.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, may I just make a very minor
comment, just really quickly, for the gentleman who talked about graffiti? I
just would again let folks know that we have a mobile app. You can go to
the Apple store or Android; it's called Palo Alto 311. It's got a very easy
graffiti interface. It's actually one of the biggest uses that we have for the
app, and it's an easy way to report graffiti. You'll get messages and tracking
on when it has been cleaned up. That's Palo Alto 311. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Obviously, being one of the signers on this, I'm
happy to move the resolution.
                                                                        Page 102 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
