                          TRANSCRIPT
was mentioned before, even if we don't move forward with something this
year, this information will be useful.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Just really quickly. I'll support this under the
guise of more information is always a good thing. I agree with Council
Member Wolbach that I'd like to see more options. I thought we were going
to with this iteration, and definitely want to see it with the next one. I'll be
looking at this—I come in predisposed to thinking this is something that
should happen in 2018 or between now and then, but probably not
November 2016. Dave, is there a way for you to—we talked about the VTA
tax measure. I know there's also going to be an extension of Prop 30 on the
ballot, a tobacco tax increase on the ballot. I don't know what other tax
measures there's going to be on the ballot. I hear that the voter information
pamphlet is going to be 200 pages long. Is there a way to kind of factor
some of that stuff in?

Mr. Metz: Yeah. We can test some of those other specific taxes a little more
explicitly as part of the opposition argument. We made reference to the
presence of other State and County taxes in this poll, but we didn't detail
them to quite that same level. We can certainly flesh that out a little.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think Council Member Berman said it the first
time around. We really haven't had a discussion at the Council level about
options. I'm willing to support the Motion tonight, but I'd really like to see
some feedback from the ad hoc committee to understand the discussion and
have the opportunity for Council to have part of that discussion. It's feeling
very rushed from the Council perspective.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I wouldn't disagree with that, Tom. The idea of
having another maybe month to even five weeks would probably be
advantageous. I'm looking at you, Dave, and seeing if you're going to nod
and smile and indicate that would be the case. Perhaps we can look at this
instead as if it's not going to go on this year, perhaps this is preamble to
what we could do in 2013. At least really engage the business community
right now. I think they would welcome that.



                                                                        Page 132 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
