                           TRANSCRIPT
other side of the street. You've said a couple of times that you're going to
review that information and update your model. How long is that going to
take?

Mr. Piros: I think we're talking a relatively short timeframe. I don't know
that I can give you an exact timeframe. We've already reviewed their
sampling reports. We do have some additional information we need to get
from the residents. It would help us to know where they did get some
detections, what the locations of those are. Obviously, I think we're going to
need to have some discussion with Stanford too. If there is any further
action required, we're looking at them to fund it. I think we're talking a
relatively short timeframe. I'd say hopefully within the month.

Council Member Filseth: It's not like end of year.

Mr. Piros: I'm not looking at a long, drawn-own process.

Council Member Filseth: The reason I ask is the residents are saying your
model must be wrong. We're going to resolve that in the next month is
what you're saying. That's good.

Mr. Piros: That's our target, a relatively short timeframe.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you.

Ms. Gitelman: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Ms. Gitelman: A quick question. I was wondering if the Council would be
interested in adding the timing condition that we raised in our supplemental
memo to Council. It was a suggestion that we say that we're not going to
issue the building permits for those seven homes closest to the hotspots
until after there's been a no further action issued.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mayor Burt: The make and the seconder have accepted that. We'll let you
work through—Director Gitelman, if you can add that to the language.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to withhold
issuing building permits to the seven homes adjacent to the hotspots until
the California Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) issues its No
Further Action determination.” (New Part B)

                                                                        Page 66 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
