                          TRANSCRIPT
as several Council Members brought up, we are confused by the rate, that it
compensates solar customers when there is another program, as mentioned
the CLEAN program, that compensates solar customers at more than double
the rate. To us this is something that really sets a double standard. It's
confusing and sends mixed messages about the value of solar. It implicitly
recognizes that there is value to solar greater than the 7 cents suggested
here, that's not being recognized for customers who are not commercial
customers, who want to put rooftop solar on their house. To answer Council
Member Schmid's question before, another big difference with the CLEAN
program is that while it is technically open to residential customers, there's a
$34 per month charge that most residential customers just wouldn't be able
to handle. On June 27th, as you know, City Council chose not to vote on
this issue because they thought more discussion was needed. Since that
time, very little discussion has been had. The solar industry had one
meeting with many of the Staff that was here. I think it was a good
meeting, but the Staff made it clear that they had no intent to change the
program. This is the exact same proposal that you saw on June 27th. We
would love to work with your Staff on coming up with a new proposal that
meets their needs and doesn't kill the solar industry in this area. This is the
same proposal that the utilities in Modesto and Alameda both proposed.
Both of their Councils or their Boards ended up rejecting the proposal,
because they knew it would get rid of the solar industry. I know that you
said you're going to be hitting the cap in the next 3-4 months. We can work
quickly with the Staff in the next two months to come up with something
new. We're not asking for a continuation of NEM. We're asking for a
proposal that is fair to all parties. Finally very briefly on Prop 26. I am not a
lawyer; I definitely am not qualified to speak to it, but I can tell you that our
legal counsel has a different take on how this applies, not just for Palo Alto
but for other municipal utilities. We'd love to have the opportunity once
again to work with Staff, to work with your legal counsel and make sure that
we're coming up with a solution that works for all parties. Thanks so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker—I'll let you get it right.

Carter Lavin: Sure, it's Carter Lavin. You got it right.

Mayor Burt: I did.

Mr. Lavin: Hello. Thank you all very much for talking about this and
opening up the floor to public comment. My name is Carter Lavin; I'm with
the California Solar Energy Industries Association, CALSEIA. We're the voice
of the solar industry. We have over 400 members, companies throughout
California, large and small from companies like SolarCity to four people in a
truck doing solar projects in the area. Our stance is that of SolarCity, that

                                                                         Page 29 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
