                            TRANSCRIPT
are going to be block-long buildings of the same design. I appreciate that
there are two different designs here, but one is really kind of on the end.
The vast majority of this building's streetscape is one design. I think ARB
Member Lew had it right. He talked about this very thing. I would also refer
us to the ARB findings that were revised. While they have not been adopted
yet, the Council did not make any changes to the findings that were sent to
the ARB that talked about different design elements being afforded. I think
we may have put 65-foot streetscape elements, so the buildings would be
differentiated, I think, every 65 feet. I think that's what it was. I can't
make the ARB findings. I rather agree with Council Member DuBois. I think
in the substitute motion we need to add that we can't make, if Council
Member DuBois is agreeable to this, ARB Findings Number 2, 4, 5, 6. I don't
know if the promoting orderly and harmonious development in the City and
promote (inaudible) environments of higher—I'll just say promote. I don't
know if that's Finding Number 1 or Finding Number 16, so whichever one
that is. The other thing that needs to be fixed on this is the on-street
loading needs to become off-street loading. That's a Code compliance issue
from my perspective. We're just becoming more and more—we're creating
greater and greater impediments to traffic and transportation in the
community by allowing on-street loading as opposed to off-street loading
which is required by Code. I appreciate absolutely colleagues who have
made some changes per the original motion. I just think it is not enough. I
think the basic building design itself needs to change to be consistent with
ARB findings. After all, those do need to be made; they are legally required
to be found. I think with that—again, just in the motion too, both the El
Camino side and the Sherman side cannot make Findings 2, 4, 5, 6. If it's
Finding 1—I think it's Finding 1? Finding 1. Again, this is on both the
Sherman and El Camino street faces. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Can I ask you a question about your amendment?
I think we also had to make the site and design findings. Are those purely
ARB findings?

Council Member Holman: The ones I referenced are purely ARB findings. If
you note, the description is approval of site and design and architectural
review application.

Council Member DuBois: Right. I'd like to include both of those.

Council Member Holman: Pardon me?

Council Member DuBois:      I'd like to include both of those, site and design
and architectural review.


                                                                       Page 54 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
