                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thanks. Let's go to the public, our patient public. Our first
speaker is Winter Dellenbach, to be followed by Faith Bell. Welcome. You're
still here.

Winter Dellenbach:        I almost fell asleep, and then I almost dropped
everything. I actually want to talk about El Camino and south Palo Alto,
which is a little odd. You're talking about this mostly around University, of
course. We're all going in that other direction eventually. I like some of
what I'm hearing. I'm really concerned about some very specific things.
Hours of retail. Situation, south Palo Alto, El Camino, Ventura, Barron Park
neighborhood. The City has found that it is a legitimate retail use to have a
business that's open two hours a day from 8:30 in the morning to 10:30 in
the morning, three days a week. That's a legitimate retail business. There
are virtually no customers. There's no retail customers. That's been very
well established. This business doesn't exist on retail customers. It's
actually a warehouse for a well-known business in north Palo Alto, and it's
Stanford. It's just a pretense of a retail business six hours a week. I very
much want to see it well defined in set hours of what a retail business
actually is, and that that makes sense and that that is something that people
can really be seen as a defining thing. This nonsense of this Potemkin sort
of village and pretense is just put behind us once and for all. Another thing
is the coverings on the windows are a ridiculous thing. There's all kinds of
illegal uses hiding behind mirrored windows, paper over windows. The same
business has louver blinds that are half open, and you have to peer through
the little slits to see in at little, narrow shelves that have a few items, used
items, you can buy. They never roll up the blinds, because if they roll up the
blinds you could see it's the warehouse right behind it. The window
coverings of all sorts have to come off and not any half measures of having
blinds that you can kind of see through the slits to a few items a few inches
behind. The window coverings really have to be off. We are just shooting
ourselves in the foot by having people be able to play this hide and seek
game. The other thing is don't make assumptions about south Palo Alto
along El Camino, particularly on the Ventura side. There's going to be
massive attempts to build all kinds of offices, particularly on the Ventura
side, but probably some on the Barron Park side. That is a very oddly
vibrant area of mom and pop stores of all varieties. Don't assume that it is
just something that should be overlooked and changed around. We'll be
back and talk about that more later. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Faith Bell, to be followed by
Stephanie Munoz.

Faith Bell: Thank you, Honorable Council Members and Mayor. Most of you
know that we've been doing business for 81 years in Palo Alto, celebrating
                                                                        Page 72 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
