                         TRANSCRIPT
that. Maybe that's what's even intended by the word "desirable" over
"suitable." "Suitable" implies it's adequate. "Desirable" seems to imply that
it's good.    Once again, we don't want just good buildings or good
landscaping; we want good landscaping that relates to those buildings and
to those surroundings again. I'd offer—as a substitute for "desirable," I
would offer the language "complements and enhances the building design
and its compatibility with its surroundings."

Council Member Holman:      You've got "the landscape design complements
and enhances"?

Mayor Burt: Yes, "the landscape design complements and enhances the
building design and its surroundings."

Council Member Holman: I'm good with that.

Mayor Burt: Seconder?

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Subsection 5, “is
desirable, integrated and compatible with the building and the surrounding
area” with “compliments and enhances the building design and its
surroundings.”

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Then this final part about what do we mean when
we talk about sustainable landscaping. I've spoken briefly about this. I
think that as we move toward over time an ever more urban environment
and one where we have filled in the very last remaining plots that haven't
been developed in our community, and as we at the same time appreciate
the need to not only preserve but help reestablish a natural environment
within an urban setting, we have to be deliberate in doing that. This is
actually a real opportunity to begin to do so. I've alluded to, for instance,
Stanford Research Park where we have really large areas of passive
landscaping that on their own we're seeing some evolution in a positive
direction at the present time. Historically, they were a lot of turf and
junipers. I don't know if you've tried to be a bird or a bug living in turf or
junipers, but it's not the most hospitable environment.              I would
recommend—let's see.       We currently have "the project green building
requirements in areas related to energy efficiency, water conservation,
building materials, landscaping." I think that the most appropriate place
may be in the—to give greater clarity—preceding finding. It says "and
utilize." I would offer a substitution of "utilizes to the extent practicable
indigenous, drought-resistant plant material." The key aspects of this are
                                                                        Page 35 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
