                         TRANSCRIPT
with numbers? I would look for a commercial growth rate that would create
6,200 jobs. We've already created 2,400 of those with the Stanford Medical
Center, so that means we're really talking about from now on the Council
creating 3,800 jobs. That's in line with our long-term historical growth rate.
Why don't we have a scenario that starts with history, say let's maintain
both the growth rate and Palo Alto's role as a seed bed of Silicon Valley.
Let's use the fifth scenario to explore an alternate future that would keep
Palo Alto as a city of mature, experienced and talented workers who move
between jobs at twice the rate of workers in other communities, instead of
evolve, trying to evolve into a 19th century commuter city.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. This is actually a fairly complicated and
difficult path forward here. First of all, I think we should acknowledge Palo
Alto is the most successful city in the world. I think more people want to
live here than anywhere else. I think we've created the most interesting,
innovative companies that have changed the world; I don't think any other
city can say that the way we can. You can go anywhere in the world, and
you can actually say you're from Palo Alto, and people have heard of it. I
don't think we're a suburb. I don't there's any suburb in the world where
you can say, "I'm from this suburb," and people will say. The traffic
commutes in to Palo Alto. The train drops people off in Palo Alto. We are a
city; we're not a suburb.        I think that's the first thing we need to
acknowledge. We've been that for a really long time. I think that this
notion that we're a pastoral, college town in the middle of nowhere is just
not true. I like Palo Alto the way it is. For me, it's changing it at the
margins; it's not changing it dramatically in any way. When I talk to my
friends who are renting, when they look for an apartment here, it's not just
a matter of being able to find an affordable one. It's about being able to
actually get the apartment. People show up to get the apartment; there's
30 other people showing up for the exact same apartment. I've known
people who have actually given their landlords the equivalent of what you
heard in New York, like key money. Here's $5,000, $6,000 for a deposit
instead of a one-month deposit or 10,000 for a deposit, because they want
to get the apartment over the other 30 people that have showed up for it.
That doesn't mean that happens all the time. I've met other people. I met
someone the other day on the street who just moved here. I said, "Did you
find a place to live?" "Yeah. I saw a sign, and I knocked on the door, and it
said for rent, and I rented the house." I'm like, "Okay." I hear enough of
this anecdotal stuff, that it's not just the number of rentals out there; it's
actually hard to rent a place. That's important to me. For a functioning
market, which I don't think we have in Palo Alto because we've constrained
supply too much. I don't think we can build—I've got to say. When people
                                                                       Page 95 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
