                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: We're having a discussion with the Council per your direction
on the Downtown retail protections on the 17th of October. That's to get
your direction in preparation of preparing an Ordinance that would go then
to Planning and Transportation Commission and back to the Council.

Mayor Burt: That's the Downtown?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. It could include this area. It's Downtown and South of
Forest Area (SOFA).

Mayor Burt: It is Downtown and SOFA, not just Downtown?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: It would come to us on, you said, October ...

Ms. Gitelman: For discussion on October 17th. Based on your discussion,
we'll prepare an Ordinance, bring it to the Planning and Transportation
Commission hopefully in December, and get back to the Council early in the
new year.

Mayor Burt: Unless we have a Motion to direct that this go back to Planning
Commission—could we even take that up tonight if we wanted to?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Sure.

Ms. Gitelman: The process we're talking about effectively brings the whole
Ordinance to the Planning Commission in the timeframe that we would be
looking at.

Mayor Burt: I understand that. My question was to give the Council its
alternative. I wanted to establish that the second alternative was even
permissible. We could do the first alternative, which was to have it go
through—this narrowly go to the Planning Commission as a non-urgency
Ordinance or to await the process that was just described to us beginning in
mid-October. It sounds like we would probably want to take it all up as it's
scheduled. Is that correct? Unless we have a Motion otherwise, that'll just
happen. That concludes this item. Thank you.

Mr. Keene: Mayor, are you adjourned? I'm sorry.

Mayor Burt: We now have—I was just looking over the Staff Report and
looking for the—in hindsight it's clear that the requirements for Urgency
Ordinances on the supermajority. I just was trying to find it in the Staff
Report so that everybody understood that in advance. I'm sorry?

                                                                    Page 103 of 104
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/4/16
