                         TRANSCRIPT
pay for things like reusing some of the water. I think some of that's already
going on, which is great. We're also recommending changing the name of
our innovative projects. The innovative project fund was started with the
last Storm Drain Committee. Trish Mulvey, who I've admired for many
years and her ability to get a lot done in the water management world,
encouraged the City to have an innovative project fund. We want that to
continue, but we're proposing that the name is changed to incentive
projects, because we'd like the project—it's not only private land that
innovative projects can happen on. We want the innovative projects also to
be taking place on City land. Instead of innovative projects, incentive
projects are projects that take place on private property. Some examples
there include rain barrels and permeable paving. That's my driveway there
with the Prius in it with a rain barrel. We broke up our driveway and put
gravel in between, so we get almost 100 percent retention of water that hits
that driveway. Susan Rosenberg from the Committee had these modular
units installed in her yard for a cistern underground, that stored quite a bit
of water. I just wanted to share that Seattle is going a long way towards
these types of projects. They have something called the 700 million gallon
project. It's worth googling it and checking it out. That's just a small piece
of the map that shows all the different locations where they've got green
storm water infrastructure already in place in the city. I think that's
something that we ought to think about for Palo Alto. That's the extent of
my comments. I will turn it back to Joe for going over the schedule and
next steps. Thank you.

Mr. Teresi: Thank you, Claire. Up on the slide now, we're showing the
implementation schedule that we foresee. We would be coming back to you,
after your break, hopefully adopting a resolution that would allow us to
move forward with having a protest hearing, which would happen in
October. After the first of the year, we would mail the ballots to property
owners. They'd be due back in February. We'd be able to certify in March in
time to have the fee take effect on June 1st when the existing fee sunsets.
In terms of the recommendations, the first one is to accept the Storm Drain
Blue Ribbon Committee report with appreciation. I would like to real quickly
read the names of those who served on our Committee. Norm Beamer,
David Bower, Nancy Clark, Peter Drekmeier, Susan Rosenberg, Bob
Wenzlau, Claire Elliott, Stepheny McGraw, Hal Mickelson and Richard
Whaley. Secondly, we'd like direction from Council to proceed with a Prop
218 ballot by mail process to gain property owner approval of the fees as
recommended in Recommendations 1 and 2 of the Committee's report, as
well to direct Staff to implement the other recommendations that were
contained in the Blue Ribbon Committee's report. With that, we're here to
answer questions and take it from here.

                                                                        Page 15 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
