                          TRANSCRIPT
any issues that might come up around that. If there are no comments on
that, let's then go to motions. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I'd like to move the Staff
motion. If there's a second, I'll speak to it. I'll read it. Thank you. Adopt a
Resolution amending Resolution 9473 to implement Phase Two of the
Downtown Residential Preferential Parking District pilot program, and direct
Staff to make corresponding changes to the Council-approved RPP
Administrative Guidelines.

Council Member DuBois: I second.

Council Member Schmid:     That's a Motion by Council Member Filseth,
seconded by Council Member DuBois.

MOTION:      Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to:

A.    Adopt a Resolution amending Resolution 9473 to implement Phase 2 of
      the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) District Pilot
      Program; and

B.    Direct Staff to make corresponding changes to the Council approved
      RPP Administrative Guidelines.

Council Member Schmid: Do you want to speak to that?

Council Member Filseth: I would like to. First of all, I think we go back to
the point of it's time we acted on this. I hope that some of the issues that
we've talked about today, which is the final determination of really go to
zero, do we have different rates and different treatment of high-income
versus low-income permits and so forth. I hope we have some of that
discussion and maybe some of it ends up as amendments to the motion
here. I think we ought to start with the core of the motion as written by
Staff. The other comment I would make is again on the issue of TMA which
is material to this. If the TMA can't accommodate a couple percent car trip
reduction per year, then we ought to hang it up, declare ourselves to be car
city USA and go build a lot of freeways. Thanks.

Council Member Schmid: DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have two potentially friendly amendments. One
is that we move the policy on dailies and scratchers into the Resolution
itself. The second was that we do a check-in on progress on Phase 2 in 6
months with Council.
                                                                         Page 47 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
