                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss:     We gave you the assignment of prioritizing them.
(inaudible).

Mr. Keene: I think we'll be good on what we do, and we'll (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: We have Harriet here. Hi. Did you want to wade in?

Harriet Richardson, City Auditor: I don't have anything specific to say. It
was on the Agenda, so I was up here in case we were going to be talking.

Council Member Filseth:    Do you foresee we're going to do this exercise
again?

Mayor Burt: This year?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) before we leave.

Mayor Burt: No, no.

Mr. Keene: We'll figure out a way to give you—we'll have to figure out how
(inaudible) feedback on these adjustments. I don't think—I'll work with the
Mayor (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Eric's question was more before the end of the year. Right?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: I think tentatively yes. Does that sound good?

Council Member Filseth: I don't know whether to bring this up or not. A
non-Brown Act subset of us sort of got together and tried to work on this a
little bit over the weekend. One thing we did was produced a spreadsheet
version of this, which made it very easy to run through and prioritize things
in a big list from high to low. I found that very helpful. If anybody wants
the spreadsheet, I can send it out.

Council Member Wolbach: Send it to Staff.

Mayor Burt: Why don't you send it to Staff and see if that's a format that
would be useful for the next time we do this.

Mr. Keene: I clearly think, Molly—we'll talk about this. Now that you have
the foundation for the work plan and these different pieces, there's nothing
that couldn't ask the Council to do pre-work when we come to these

                                                                     Page 106 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
