                         TRANSCRIPT
fabled creativity in this City, can't we reach an innovative compromise?
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Geri Martin Wilson.

Geri Martin Wilson: Hi. I'm Geri Martin Wilson; I live at 3444 Greer Road.
My husband and I moved into our Eichler about 18 years ago, when our
second set of twins were born. We love the open Eichler design and the
floor-to-ceiling windows that make the outdoors a part of the living space.
We love that even with these large and open-area windows, Eichlers in our
development were carefully placed to allow the maximum privacy from one's
neighbors. We did find, however, that as our children grew, our house was
a bit cramped for our family of six. When we decided to update and expand
our Eichler to a five-bedroom, three-bath arrangement to accommodate our
four growing children, we found we had several single-story design options
to choose from, each in keeping with the original Eichler feel without
invading our or our neighbors' privacy. Our family of six has lived very
comfortably in our remodeled, single-story Eichler, enjoying the open feel
without having visibility into our neighbors' houses or yards. If, however,
one of our neighbors were to build a second story next to or behind us, it
would destroy the aesthetics and privacy we have worked so carefully to
preserve in our Eichler remodel. I would also like to note when I attended
the Planning Committee meeting, there were accusations by the opposition
to the SSO that signatures may have been accrued in a less than
transparent manner.      We would like to clarify that this was not our
experience. Information was disseminated in a clear and well-presented
manner. Questions were addressed and answered completely. We felt no
pressure in making our decision to support the SSO. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Andrew Escovedo.

Andrew Escovedo: Thank you. My name is Andy Escovedo; I live at 3478
Kenneth Drive.      I've lived there since 1991.     The Royal Manor tract
developers established an equilibrium of privacy between neighbors by
means of single-story structures, eight foot glass walls and separated by six
foot fences. If a neighbor or a developer across the fence decides to tear
down or add a second story, there's nothing to protect my privacy that was
built into the tract by the original developer. The SSO is the only tool
available at this time to protect the homeowner privacy that was built into
the tract. I also hope that having an SSO in place would establish leverage
in preventing oversized, industrial expansion on East Meadow that borders
one side of Kenneth Drive, which would further impact the privacy of those
homeowners as well as impose over the entire neighborhood. I encourage
the Council to approve the Royal Manor SSO. Thank you.

                                                                      Page 48 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
