                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: To determine what a cost would be and what a
plan would be. Then, we can evaluate the cost. Just to respond to City
Manager. It would ideally be a part of the Urban Forest Master Plan, but we
haven't done this before. What's prompting it now is that we have a budget
item in front of us.

Mr. Keene: This needs to stay a budget item. I can't even imagine the City
Attorney would say that this is properly noticed for a discussion about the
direction on a series of policy issues, Number one. Number two, the Urban
Forest Master Plan second edition is going to come before the Council in
October. We may have some of these sorts of things in there. You could
have that policy discussion here. We need to start the contract. I think it's
really limited to the kind of conditions that we have in the contract. You
could amend the contract itself to deal with the terms and those sorts of
things. What I would suggest, if you're really interested in this, is that we
proceed with this on a three year basis. Our contracts are always subject to
a non-appropriation clause. We could launch this for the first year, make
the adjustment of the $300,000-and some. I'm just saying this because the
whole Council's—the Finance Committee and the Council's going to be
looking at some big budget issues for 2018. We're talking about adding $1
million here right at this point. You just may reconsider that both in the
context of the subsequent Urban Forest Master Plan discussion and as we
get into the budget itself. You could be in a position to launch staying on
the 7-year cycle right now for the next year. That gets us some time.
Honestly ...

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. On the back of this we have a proposed
Motion. First of all, to speak to this Motion I wanted to say I think we should
stay on the 7-year cycle. I think that we don't want to damage the canopy
while we think about this. What I learned from the process after we voted
last time was that the way they prune is they prune more on a 10-year cycle
than you would on a 7-year cycle. I don't understand why, Council Member
Holman, you would support a 10-year cycle. Why not just support a 7-year
cycle? I'll move the Staff—I don't know if it's a Staff recommendation—
suggested Motion as a substitute Motion which is direct Staff to accept the
original bid of $4,702,450. That's on the back of that sheet. You should be
able to find it. Over the three year term and authorize the City Manager or
his designee to execute a new threeyear term contract West Coast Arborists
in an amount not to exceed $4.7 million for tree pruning and removal
services on a 7-year maintenance cycle and amend the fiscal year 2017
budget appropriations ordinance for the General Fund by increasing the
Public Works Department contract, etc.
                                                                         Page 77 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
