                          TRANSCRIPT
says it's financially infeasible with no backup, no proof. Normally we would
never take that. We are granting that exception because we like the project
and we like the fact—frankly, it's not really good process. I know it's not
good process. I think Council Member Holman is speaking to it's not good
process. I think it's important to admit and to be honest what we're doing
up here. When it comes to exceptions, I actually agree with Council Member
Holman on that. My plea is not that we should grant or not grant exceptions
based on neighbors; I'm saying we should be flexible on exceptions when
they are good exceptions and make the project better. In this case, I do
think it makes the project better to have those smaller lots. You fit them in,
and it makes sense. I also think that it probably doesn't make sense to
have two units onsite given the size. I do think in exchange for not forcing a
developer to do that, we should look at what a fair price would be, not just
take their word for it. Maybe they're correct. Maybe they can't afford.
Maybe the project doesn't work with it, in which case I would be willing to
accept that. The problem I have on this is that it doesn't seem that there's
any sense of "we don't know the answer." We are a data-driven Council that
always drills down, asks the hard questions and then makes the decision in
an open and transparent way. We don't paper over stuff. I sort of feel like
we're just papering it over literally. We get a letter from the developer, and
fine, check that box. That's my concern. I did want to ask Staff about
what's included in this Motion. The way I understand it, we're approving the
Negative Declaration and Attachment B, which is the draft Record of the City
of Palo Alto Lane Use Action for 567 Maybell, which starts on Page 5 of my
Packet. Is that correct? Maybe I'm reading it wrong. When I go to
conditions of approval, the conditions of approval, as far as I can tell, on
Number 3—maybe I read it too quickly and it says something else. When I
read Condition Number 3, what am I missing? It says that you have to build
the units on sight. That's the condition of approval. If we pass this Motion,
they have to build it on site. I just didn't feel right about Council voting to
do that when everybody else thinks we're going the opposite. I just wanted
to make sure. Maybe I'm reading it wrong.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. Actually, Condition Number 3
restates the requirement in the City's Zoning Ordinance that says that the
units should be provided onsite unless onsite construction is found to be
infeasible. We provided a supplemental memo to the Council dated June 20,
which states that absent direction from the City Council at the public hearing
to the contrary, Staff will accept the in-lieu payment as satisfying the
affordable housing obligation. That would be consistent with that condition.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This is a wonky question. We don't usually put that in
the condition of approval that we've looked at and we found it to be

                                                                         Page 10 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
