                            TRANSCRIPT
very thorough, thought through, puts together the most effective measures
for different sites. We will work as changes demand, uses change, we love
to keep that flexible. That's why Stanford is engaging in the Research Park-
wide TDM program that we're participating in, so that we can work together
to make sure all measures work together.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to ask our consultant. When you did the trip
generation, did the EIR take into consider the voluntary TDM program or
not?

Ms. Waugh: We did not.       We took it at the base level of what it would
generate without a TDM.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Hopefully we would have 20 percent, 30 percent less
trips. When we talked about 600 and some trips, hopefully we would get rid
of 200 of those. 150, I don't know. What's our experience on that?

Ms. Gitelman: Usually 20 percent in an area that doesn't have extensive
transit service. Maybe, hopefully a little more.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's be 120 trips roughly, 130. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A lot of my questions have been answered.
We're still on the questions, correct?

Mayor Burt: That's right.

Council Member Wolbach: A question for Staff about what's allowed on the
site according to our zoning. Would an entirely residential or mixed-use
including residential option be allowable under our zoning?

Ms. Gitelman: I think residential uses in the Research Park as a rule are
allowed with a use permit. Jodie's checking the ordinance.

Council Member Wolbach:         I think my other questions have been
significantly addressed.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think the architecture is really beautiful. It's a
really handsome project. I'm not clear on this. I don't understand if there is
a document that existed that created a 700-acre single parcel. Why hasn't
that been provided to anybody? Why has it never come up in the past and
why is it not considered in our Zoning Code, which describes lots and sites
                                                                        Page 64 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
