                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois not participating

Council Member DuBois returned to the meeting at 8:29 P.M.

12.   Comprehensive Plan Update: Housing Sites and Programs.

Mayor Burt: We will now proceed with Item Number 12 which is the
Comprehensive Plan Update, housing sites and programs. The Staff has
requested that the Council provide guidance on housing issues and programs
for consideration and implementation concurrent with the Comprehensive
Plan Update. They've listed a number of potential issues. I would say that
one of the things that we will want to be considering tonight is not only the
question of which of these proposed programs and the Council would like to
provide guidance on or support for, but also to identify any that we are
interested in having proceed ahead of the Comprehensive Plan schedule. As
we have that—should we have any in that category, we'll need to have an
understanding from Staff on how that would impact Staff resources. I
anticipate that this would be somewhat of an iterative process if we were to
consider any of these items to move forward more aggressively. On that
note, Director Gitelman, welcome.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you. Mayor Burt and Council Members, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. Before I start, let me thank the Staff who contributed to this item.
No doubt they are having a delicious beverage as they watch from home.
This evening is one in a long series of Comprehensive Plan Update
discussions, this one focusing on housing. There's a lot of materials and a
lot of ideas in the Staff Report that we sent to you. I'm not going to repeat
all of those. I have a high-level summary; it's about 20 slides that I'm going
to go through pretty quickly. Then we can answer any questions you have.
The goals for this evening. The primary goal is to receive your input and
guidance on housing issues and programs for consideration and
implementation concurrent with the Comp Plan Update. It's an opportunity
to inform the Citizens Advisory Committee's (CAC) work on the Land Use
Element. We have a delegation consisting of four members of the CAC here
this evening. I don't know if you recall, but originally this discussion of
housing was going to be a joint meeting between the CAC and the Council,
but our scheduled got modified, so we've ended up with a delegation of
these four members representing a diversity of perspectives. I'm hoping
that the Mayor will give the delegation collectively 10 minutes to address the
Council before the public comment period.            Tonight's discussion also
provides an opportunity for the Council to inform development of this fifth
scenario that you've directed us to include in the Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) that we'll be preparing for the Comp Plan Update, and

                                                                       Page 48 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
