                          TRANSCRIPT
we want to do. If I could add one amendment—let me ask Staff. The 17-
foot first-story heights, I appreciate Mayor Burt's questioning along that line.
Again, this goes to the SOFA II. It's not a blanket. That would not work in
SOFA II area at all. How would you like that captured in the Motion here
and also to capture Council Member Burt's concern that he raised, which I
think is valid?

Mr. Lait: I think in Jean's presentation we recognized that the taller heights
that you might find on University would not translate over to SOFA II. We
would need to look to respond to the Mayor's question about the building
heights and how that changes. We need to look at that further. It would be
informative to know if there was Council interest in exploring that, but
perhaps we're not ready to do that relative to the 50-foot height limit.
Maybe we should get the information first, and then we can come back to
Council. For SOFA II, we're just trying to come up with some other ideas to
enhance the pedestrian element of the area. Maybe it's not applicable for
SOFA II to require greater retail heights. I think there's a lot of great
standards in the document that it could probably rest on its own. We
probably don't need to make a change in SOFA II relative to those heights,
but it's worth exploring perhaps on University if we can get it within the
height limit.

Council Member Holman: You're going to have to convince me that it's even
needed on University Avenue. I just look at some of the very successful
buildings on—it's not University, but on Ramona, on Hamilton that are in
some of the older buildings.

Mr. Lait: That would be helpful if we can get some guidance from Council on
that. If we don't need to spend our time exploring that, then that would
save us some energy on some other pieces. Again, what we're trying to
do—we heard clearly from the Council an interest in wanting to enhance the
pedestrian orientation. I think probably most of that was related to existing
buildings that have the film or the interior window treatments. Perhaps we
can focus our energies on that.

Council Member Holman: I'd offer an amendment to the maker of the
Motion to eliminate the 17-foot height consideration for ground-floor retail.

Council Member Holman: Overall.

Mayor Burt: Seventeen feet, is that what was being talked about?

Mr. Lait: Illustrative, to establish a minimum standard.


                                                                        Page 82 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
