                          TRANSCRIPT
do, but it's a step in the right direction.   I think you ought to be moving
forward on it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Paul George, to be followed by
Steve Rock.

Paul George: Hi, I'm Paul George, Director of Peninsula Peace and Justice
Center. This wasn't in my prepared notes. I was taken a little bit aback by
this Staff presentation here. I've been through successful Raise the Wage
campaigns in four cities now. The restaurants have fought hard in all those
cities. In all those cities, their objections were all taken in public forums.
They were never granted a private audience like apparently they've gotten
here tonight or this past week. Now you've reduced the public speaking
time to two minutes and the restaurants had their public comments
incorporated into the Staff Report. It just doesn't seem right to me. I hope
that you're going to get a proposal tonight to consider make the target date
of the $15 per hour by July 1st, 2018. Sum up. All right.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Steve Rock, to be followed by
Galen Fletcher.

Steve Rock: I was listening to the discussion you had about solar panels on
the rooftops of the garages. I heard it was consistent with Palo Alto values,
even if it cost more than renewable energy from other sources. Palo Alto
wanted to be a leader in this field and express its moral feelings about
renewable energy this way. Here's another area where Palo Alto can
express its moral feelings in something which affects people directly. I think
having local minimum wage is much more important than having local
renewable power. Renewable power can come from anywhere, but the
wages that people get here just come from here. If you examine what you
feel is morally important, compare local minimum wage with local solar
power. Palo Alto, as people have mentioned, is a very rich place. I think
almost everybody here can afford just a little bit more for their cup coffee or
their meal. I come from the slums of Palo Alto, and I'm very fortunate to
have enough money to be able to pay for a higher cup of coffee or a slightly
higher restaurant bill. I think almost everybody in Palo Alto is fortunate that
way. We are very lucky. We should make sure that other people in our
community have some of that fortunate. We can do it. This started up—I
think I was here maybe a year ago or more than a year ago when you
started discussing it. We can afford it, $15 an hour right now. Why delay it
so long?

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Galen Fletcher, to be followed
by Tiny Reymers.

                                                                        Page 73 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
