                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communication

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications, and we have five
speaker cards. If anyone else wishes to speak, please come forward at this
time. We'll be closing off speaker cards shortly. Our first speaker is the Palo
Alto Free Press. Welcome.

PaloAltoFreePress.com: I just wanted to speak with you just a little bit
about the police auditor's report that was issued, I believe it was, a couple of
months ago. There was a case in which a police officer was driving his
vehicle at high speed without siren and without lights. If I were a FedEx
driver or a UPS driver and if I was taking the same course of action here
within the City of Palo Alto, I would be promptly arrested and thrown in jail,
and most likely I would lose my job. That isn't the case that occurred here
with the Palo Alto police officers, two. What is really interesting is that is a
punishable fine. That's a misdemeanor. It's a $1,000 fine. Michael
Gennaco didn't talk about these issues. He has refused my phone calls, and
he has refused my emails to discuss this subject, debate it.              That's
interesting. I don't know if you're aware of this or not, but California has on
the books complete and total immunity of any officer here in the State of
California. If he has a collision with your children, with your mom, with your
dad, anybody, he has complete immunity from civil liability. It's shocking.
California is the only state that has this law on the books. I just wanted you
to be aware of that. I can share with you the actual citation here. It's
California Vehicle Code 17004-7. In Part D, it says is immune from liability
for civil damages for personal injury or for death of any person that is the
result of a police officer engaged in reckless driving. I have examined all the
court cases in respect to this. In each and every case, the policing agency
has prevailed. It's quite interesting. It's an interesting law which needs to
be changed. I just wanted you to be aware of that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jill Asher, to be followed by
Jenny Gao.

Jill Asher: Hello. I'm Jill Asher. I'm one of the co-founders of Magical
Bridge Foundation. I'm also part of the founding team of the Palo Alto
Magical Bridge Playground. I'm here tonight with five of our interns, all from
Palo Alto. We are here to announce a few things and to share some
information about the playground. First, we want to let you know that
Magical Bridge Playground is being visited by people from all over the world
interested in replicating a Magical Bridge Playground in their community.
Hopefully, by the end of the summer, we are going to be announcing some

                                                                            Page 4 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
