                          TRANSCRIPT
influence a legislature or a City Council. I believe in government, and I
believe the most important government is municipal government. I urge
you to consider the wishes of the current application for the single story
overlay and think about any future requests for this action. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bryon Wilson.

Bryon Wilson: Hello. I'm Bryon Wilson; I live at 3444 Greer. We've lived
there for 18 years and have lived in Palo Alto for 30 years. I want to
emphasize that I don't think that gives me any greater entitlement to
anybody else who lives in the neighborhood, even if they just moved in
yesterday. I'm strongly in favor of the SSO. I think it's in keeping with the
neighborhood. I think it fits the original plan for the neighborhood. I think
it's important to the characteristics of living in the neighborhood for all of the
reasons that you've heard. There are two points I wanted to point out. First
of all, I understand why people are opposed to this; I'm sympathetic to that
position. I've gone out of my way to talk to several folks tonight and explain
this is not personal. It's just what I think is the right vision for the
neighborhood. I think one of the substantive points that's been made is that
property values would be affected. I think it wouldn't be a bad thing if
property values were affected frankly. I think, as you all know, there's a
severe shortage of affordable housing in Palo Alto. If more people could
afford to move to Palo Alto, I think that would be a good thing for the
community. I don't think that's going to happen; I think housing prices will
continue to rise. Nothing seems to be on the horizon for stopping that. The
last point is these are hard decisions. They're divisive; they affect property
rights; they affect personal feelings. But that's what you guys are elected to
do; that's what you members of the City Council are elected to do. You
have to make the hard decisions. You have to make the right decisions, and
you're obligated to do what's best for the citizens of the community and for
the neighborhoods. For that reason, I hope that you'll support the SSO.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next is Rajesh Srinivasaraghavan.

Rajesh Srinivasaraghavan: You almost got that right. My name is Rajesh,
and I live on 3393 Kenneth Drive. I'd like to request you to reject the
proposal for SSO. Although beautiful, I like mid-century modern design.
People who live in Eichlers do realize that it has some fatal flaws. Originally
Eichlers had dark wood panels, single-pane glasses and not really energy-
efficient round spherical bulbs, none of which meet Title 24 requirements if I
were actually going to build my house today. What Title 24 and the
American Reconstruction and Renovation Act have incurred changes that
reflect the need of the modern society, particularly around clean energy.
Unfortunately, SSO is not driven by a more noble goal, i.e., a good clean

                                                                          Page 52 of 135
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/2/16
