                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: One more. Who else is here?

Ms. Cox: Joyce Villalobos.

Mr. Bobel: Joyce Villalobos is here from the County as well. They can
probably field in-depth questions even better than I can about the
agreement. Basically, the City will adopt the same Ordinance that the
County has. There's one sort of error in what we have in the Staff Report.
We say that in December the County will be adopting a revised Ordinance.
Actually, they've already done that. The County Ordinance exists. We didn't
have time to catch up with it, because it's a fairly late-breaking change, from
our perspective anyway. We say here in February we'll come back with an
actual Ordinance. Tonight we just have the agreement with the County for
you. We need to match our Ordinance changes to the County's. That's
actually part of the agreement. The County doesn't want to mess with us
unless we're having the exact same Ordinance that they have, so their
inspectors and their team don't have to remember where they are and are
the details different. We understand that, and we agreed to that. We'll be
putting their Ordinance in our numeric system, but the facts or the
requirements will be identical to the County. In the future, if the County
changes theirs, after a period of time we'll have to come back and modify
ours as well. The County isn't expecting any near-term changes in their
program. This should last for a while. As far as enforcement goes, the
County will enforce most of the provisions of the license permit, and they'll
do inspections. The exception to that is the underage part of it. The only
way to really catch that in action is through sending out an underage person
from the Police Department. Our Police Department will do that. Once a
year, they will send an undercover person out who is underage and look for
violations of the now 21-year age limitation on purchasing. With that
exception, the County will enforce the other provisions. An example is
there's a new 1,000-foot requirement from a school. They'll make sure that
that type of thing is adhered to. What else to tell you about that? That's
really the big picture on the thing. The City would write a citation if our
Police Department finds an underage violation. The City would write the
citation, but the County would follow-up with formal enforcement action.
Should there be a hearing, the County would be responsible for that. You'll
see in the agreement and the attachment to the agreement how that works
back and forth. There's quite a bit of detail in there. That's the big picture.
That's half of it. The other half is this restriction on smoking in multifamily
units. It's really completely separate. The agreement with the County
doesn't cover this; it's really a separate thing. The multifamily unit is purely
a Palo Alto action. The Policy and Services Committee directed that we bring
this back to the full Council as a revised Ordinance. We had a previous
Ordinance. We've been back and forth. We made the changes suggested by
                                                                          Page 50 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
