                          TRANSCRIPT
does not have budget for a traffic enforcement team. That's not the case
either. We have that budgeted; that was funded. You will recall—I actually
think Mr. Borock sent a pretty good summary of this to the Council. We did
reduce the traffic enforcement team back in some of the recessionary days,
but that is back and funded. What the Police Department has been dealing
with is overall Staff shortages between turnover, being able to have new
people coming into the academy and joining the department. The funding is
there. The important thing is to realize the City has committed the funding
to ensure the actual traffic team enforcement. That doesn't mean we don't
have officers out doing enforcement, but the full support that we would
typically have is not there. This is sort of a triage of taking care of all of the
responsibilities that our department has for public safety and not being able
to have that just dedicated Traffic Enforcement Division. As we staff up and
as we keep that funding there, then we'll be in a position to do that. I think
that the Council will be in a position, as Council Member Filseth pointed out,
to look at how you might stage any of these policy decisions about changes
to coincide with our ability to actually provide that level of enforcement.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Better stated. I had also understood
…

Council Member Filseth: He said it better than I did.

Council Member Holman: I had also understood fairly recently that there
have been conversations with neighboring communities that we might share
enforcement Staff, in other words trade back and forth, so that we'd have
better capability to enforce our speed limits, stop-sign runners, stop-light
runners. That's what I'd understood from not a low level Staff member.

Mr. Keene: I'm going to look at the Sergeant here. I'm not familiar with
any conversations like that or certainly elevated to the point where we're
actually planning to deploy something like that. We certainly have had
emerging conversations between some of our neighboring cities through this
City Managers Mobility Partnership about how we'd try to begin to coordinate
lots of our planning and traffic-related transportation efforts, but those are in
the very preliminary stages and for the most part so far have focused on the
bike share program and things like that.

Council Member Holman: I didn't mean to indicate that we're ready to
deploy, but I did understand that there were conversations ongoing and it
was looking fairly promising.

Mr. Keene: The City Manager doesn't know anything about it.


                                                                            Page 39 of 64
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/21/16
