                          TRANSCRIPT
there. We do need housing of all types. I'm the liaison to the Palo Alto
Housing this year. I've asked Staff, and I think we're scheduling, I hope,
soon, like early October, a Study Session with Palo Alto Housing to talk
about affordable housing. This isn't meant to be affordable housing. This is
a private owner of the land that wants to build market rate housing. We
need housing of all types if we're going to start to lessen the increases that
are happening every year and the cost of housing. I don't know that
housing costs will ever go down in Palo Alto, but maybe they won't go up as
much. This is a part of the overall solution. We shouldn't burden this
project with the need to solve our entire housing problem across all of Palo
Alto. Let's take it as a great opportunity to build 60 units of studio and one-
bedroom housing in a location that makes sense.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Thanks for the ideas, the proposals. They raise
for Palo Alto a critical issue, how do we deal with the housing need, in a
provocative way. As a number of speakers said, this is being done with one
project. You're asking us really to comment on Comp Plan issues, land use
issues, zoning issues, all of which have wider impacts based on a single
project. I guess that worries me. I think denser housing opportunities in
the City is a good thing. It makes sense. We need to identify how many,
where, how much, critical questions. We also need to be aware—this is what
the Comp Plan should bring us—of how does it change our community. I
guess I'm mystified why this is coming before we've talked about the land
use on our Comp Plan. I was looking back at our earlier schedules. It was
scheduled for June 6th. It would be very appropriate if we had that
discussion before this proposal came up, but we haven't. We have to talk
about our community and our land use in terms of a single project. How
would this project contribute to the community? What community do we
want? I know when I think about Palo Alto I think of it as a special place.
It's the heart of Silicon Valley. How did it get to be that way? If you look
back at the history of how it evolved over the last 50, 60 years, it evolved in
a community in a unique way, a community that valued mobility. Palo Alto
has twice the job change of experienced workers compared to other
communities in the U.S. Job options are important. They're important not
just for people in their 20s, but they are important for people in their 30s
and 40s and 50s and 60s. Talented, experienced people are mobile and
bring ideas to new places. Innovation comes from that. It doesn't come as
much from big cities where people are in dense communities, but in an
open, mobile community. One question is we want to take one example of
small, what are being called micro units. Great for young, dependent
workers. Harder when they get experienced and talented and want to have
families or maybe changes jobs if there are two people sharing an apartment
                                                                        Page 35 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
