                         TRANSCRIPT
you wanted to outlaw meat, we could cut this down very fast. I don't eat
anything with ears or eyes. The tobacco issue is any time you put taxes or
you put restrictions on something, it is not going to slow it down. I just
don't think it is. Look at the gasoline tax. You have the huge gasoline tax;
we pump 450,000 gallons of gas at our San Antonio station a month. We're
filled up with Ferraris, Maserati’s, SUVs. The gas tax doesn't do anything for
it at all. I agree that we should try to deter people using any form of
tobacco. Worse than that, we should deter everyone from drinking any kind
of alcohol. That's even worse than tobacco, but that doesn't seem to be an
issue because it's kind of a popular thing for people to do. Any time the
government gets involved in policing things, it just never works out. How
are you going to peep in people's houses to find out if they're smoking inside
their house? I agree. I live in Los Gatos actually, and we have anti-smoking
rules where you can't smoke within so many feet of a restaurant. You see
people standing around 10-15 feet away in groups smoking cigarettes. It
doesn't slow them down. I don't think that the taxes on cigarettes, which
keeps rising, has really deterred smoking at all. For businesses in Palo Alto
such as the station we bought, we relied on a certain amount of retail
business, which some of it is tobacco. All of our tobacco is behind the
counter. You have to come in; you have to ask for it. It's not out on
display. I really suggest that you don't follow the County's rules and hop on
board with this, because you're not going to be able to police it. The more
rules we have that you can't police—we have enough rules and regulations
as it is. In any event, I do applaud you on wanting to make certain that
we've cut down on smoking for especially the young people, but it doesn't
seem to be working. It's still on the rise. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Marc Prensky.

Marc Prensky: Mr. Mayor, Council Members, thank you very much. My wife
and I moved here a year and a half ago from New York City, Manhattan.
We're thrilled to be living here. We live in a multifamily dwelling. It's
supposed to be nonsmoking.        Unfortunately, the landlord has allowed
somebody who is an incredibly high smoker to keep his apartment to live,
and the result is that there's a lot of secondhand smoke in the building.
We're prevented from doing much about that because there are no
ordinances here. I think they would be amenable to doing more if such
ordinances took place.      We have a young child who is exposed to
secondhand smoke that there's no way of preventing from coming through
the building. We urge you to pass this multiunit, nonsmoking provision.
Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council. Council Member
Kniss.
                                                                        Page 56 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
