                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Schnabel: The overlook or the plaza?

Council Member Holman: I guess it would be the plaza. There was one you
were talking about the different landscape scenarios.

Mr. Schnabel: You passed it. This one?

Council Member Holman: That one, yes. Thank you. There's the baseline
and then there's the one at the bottom. You were talking about pavings and
plantings and stuff. That's actually literally the Baylands, isn't it? I'm not
quite sure what the intention is there. They have to be consistent …

Mr. Eggleston: That is on the Baylands side, Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I guess I'm a little concerned about how that
eastern plaza enhanced—I'll call it enhanced; alternative is a better term—
how that would be consistent with protection of the Baylands and Baylands
Master Plan.

Mr. Eggleston: This particular area, when we met with the regulatory
agencies, it didn't have wetlands value, and it was generally considered to
be kind of a low-value area there, right along that trail. The reason we had
included it as an optional enhancement is it was one of the things that had
been included in some of the design competition submissions that people
seem to be interested in. I would note, as I mentioned before, the things
that we as Staff thought were the highest priority pieces to include in the
project are the things that are already there in those core additional
enhancements. This was just meant to give an opportunity for a little
development of some of the other ideas.

Council Member Holman: The three-span, which is the basic, it spans the
total freeway. There's the pillars or supports, and then there's another
support on either side that spans the East Bayshore and West Bayshore
Roads. Correct?

Mr. Schnabel: Yes, that's correct.

Council Member Holman: There was one place too where the video showed
that pedestrians and bicycles were separated. I think that's one of the
things that people liked a lot on some of the other iterations we saw of a
bridge design in the past. It isn't always separated. Correct?

Mr. Schnabel: Yeah, that's correct. The separation was—I'm sorry. I'm
guessing that you're talking about the access ramp, the secondary access
ramp. The secondary access ramp, there were a couple of core additional

                                                                        Page 54 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
