                          TRANSCRIPT
that's the message that should be getting out there. I think Council Member
DuBois is right. I think other cities are looking to us to lead. We heard the
consultant say that the studies in a lot of other cities are very old. What
also is happening in some other cities is they aren't using, as I'm observing
it at least, impact fees. They're negotiating what they're getting as a part of
large projects. They're using other ways to try to get housing. I think that's
really all I need to say. I'd be open to creating some latitude in Number 1
on the top of Page 701. I'll wait to see if anybody else really wants to do
that or not.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think it's important we reconnect with the
Housing Element, because tonight we really are fulfilling the requirements of
the Housing Element as part of our Comp Plan. The Housing Element on
Page 78 said there is a concern that the commercial developers are not
paying an equitable share of funds for affordable housing. At the bottom of
the Page was the results from the previous six years where housing fees
collected from new residences were $13.7 million. Commercial fees for
affordable housing were $11.7. That table did not even count the cost of
inclusionary housing, probably equivalent to another $5 million. In essence,
the Housing Element tells us that housing was paying about 70 percent more
for affordable housing than commercial properties. Yet, during that six year
period, commercial property was adding three jobs to every employed
resident. In other words, we're growing at three times the rate. That was
the issue that the people working on the Housing Element said we need to
address that. That's why the big jump in fees for commercial properties.
Now the PTC discussions carried on that element. I was struck by the fact
that virtually every member of the PTC said, "We have a problem with
housing. The problem isn't just affordable housing, but housing that's
affordable to workers. The incentives in the City are such that developers in
any mixed-use area will choose office space over housing." One member of
the PTC said, "We don't build housing in Palo Alto. We put a few units in on
the top floors of offices to get bonuses, but no one is coming forth with big
housing projects in mixed-use areas." How do we assure, how do we get
back to that? I think the goal of the Housing Element request and the goal
of the feasibility study, the nexus study, we just did was to show us how we
could raise the relative fees on commercial properties.         I'm a strong
supporter of both the PTC and the Staff recommendation, Finance
Committee recommendation, that we go to a $60 fee on commercial
properties and that we do keep the residential fees lower. I think as some
people have said what's important is the message we're sending out. I think
it is an important time that we send out the message that our community is
based upon the people who live here, the residents. We need to keep a
                                                                         Page 63 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
