                         TRANSCRIPT
presentations out to Council in advance with the reports. There are a hundred
little things we could begin to do that could streamline and make our work
[video malfunction] trying to work through all of these big issues. I just need
to let you know that I felt that we had a very productive year last year. It was
not without its toll on our capacity in a lot of ways. I want to be sure that we
can make commitments to the Council that we can keep, and we can report to
you in a way, in reality, that you actually—I'm asking you for more oversight in
the realm of governance where we don't have a lot of that oversight. We do a
really good job on getting into operational and strategic oversight. On really
managing work, I think for us to really honestly deliver to you what it is you
want to achieve and be accountable, we've got to put some effort this year in
that. When you are looking at opportunities and processes during the year to
sharpen your work plan or dive deeper on some issues, I want to be sure that
you make time for us to really put some attention to the governance structure
and the Staff, Council, community interface in a way so we can be successful.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. First, I don't have any comment cards from the public
on this Agenda Item. If anybody wishes to speak, please bring them forward.
While Staff is wrapping up the green dot initiative, I think some of what the
Council was struggling with as we were going through that exercise is we have
not just a lot of different sheets there and projects, but they're really vastly
different scale and granularity. I mean, we have one sheet that is within the
Comp Plan, the Comp Plan. Then we have in the Built Environment and
elsewhere certain capital improvement plan projects that have already
established schedules and funding and everything. A number of us were
confused as to what's discretionary about it. It's just moving forward in the
pipeline. They weren't necessarily larger in dollars or importance than other
capital improvement projects that weren't there. It kind of goes back to how
we framed it. This is informative, but it's got its own imperfections at the same
time. I think as we go forward in this discussion, one is a time check. We're at
1:20. It sure doesn't look like we're going to have a wrap-up by 1:50. I want
to check with the Council. Is everybody okay with extending at least a half
hour?

Council Member Kniss: I'm okay 'til 2:30.

Mayor Burt: Seeing no objections, we'll tentatively move it out into the 2:30
range. That gives us an hour for a discussion on this. I think we're going to
need that. There's a lot of things to try to digest here. Just to frame it in
advance, just as last year we had a Committee as a Whole shortly after the
Retreat, there are going to be things that we're discussing here that are not
going to be able to be completed today. That's a part of this whole "3B" which
is discussion of topics for special committee. Some of that may be just
                                                                         Page 58 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
