  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

Stanford has all these different satellite places where they’ve in the Research
Park and down out by Embarcadero and by Cal Ave. and they have those
shuttles serving them as well as from Cal Ave. up into their employment
base up in the Research Park.

So here’s one major element of it. We have one of the highest bike
commuting rates in the country, but our overall percentage of trips that are
done by bicycle is still modestly low. We’re like 3.5 percent of our total trips
are by bike in this community. And three years ago my wife Sally came
home from driving Downtown and trying to find a parking space and then
finally finding a parking space and then having to walk to the destination.
She just said that’s it. I’m never driving Downtown again. Why have I been
doing this? I know it’s way faster if I just ride and park right in front of
where I want to go, reserved parking space everywhere and I said you’re
right. And we went from being recreational riders to ones where we use it
now for 80 percent of our trips in town. And it’s not a chore. It’s like I get
kind of bummed when I had to drive because I had to go someplace because
I didn’t get my exercise and it’s not even so much of a kind of moral
responsibility one. I should feel that more, but I just enjoy riding over
driving. Not to mention most of the times I’m late for meetings especially if
I’m going at rush hour is some time where I had to after the meeting go
outside of town so I drove my car and I’m late to the meeting because I
drove. And I have people ask me when they see me arrive by bike, so that’s
really good you rode your bike that’s really commendable and I said I might
have driven, but I didn’t have time.

So now what do we really look at about changing a positive social norm as
Becky Beacom would coach me on?             So this is Copenhagen.       And
Copenhagen you can see they bundle up a bit more than we do, right? They
don’t quite have our climate. And they are now up to more than 50 percent
of all of their trips are by bicycle. And that includes people who work in
Copenhagen and live outside the City; more than 50 percent. It’s mind
boggling. And then you think about well the weather and we occasionally
and Greg was saying well, I’ve now gotten to the point where I added, got
fenders on and then added another piece of clothing and another… so the
Danes have a saying, “There’s no bad weather, just bad clothing.” Now we
don’t get bad weather here. So what we see here that’s our bad weather,
right? So if they can do that and look at that bike congestion and they don’t
actually, Denmark doesn’t get as big a snow as some places, but it doesn’t
stop them. Imagine what we can have in our some of the best weather on
the climate. I mean on the planet.

                                                                            Page 13 of 18
                                                                State of the City Address
                                                                                  2/24/16
