                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: What that is, is a scenario where we're trying to accelerate the
housing growth even more to catch up to the job growth as opposed to
further restraining the job growth. That, I think in the minds of many, is
chasing our tails.

Ms. Gitelman: We probably should have a conversation about job growth
and how realistic it is to—that we might develop a regulatory and policy
regime that could slow growth further than in Scenario 2 and Scenario 3.
Scenario 2 has been crafted with the idea of an annual limit or some kind of
other growth control mechanism that is more stringent than the one the
Council has adopted on an interim basis. Scenario 3 has been developed
with the idea that that interim approach would be adopted on an ongoing
basis.

Mayor Burt:    That's new construction which is not synonymous with job
growth.

Ms. Gitelman: That's true.

Mayor Burt: There lies, I think, the distinction.

Ms. Gitelman: We've had to make assumptions in each scenario about
employment densities and the relationship with new construction to job
growth that gets to Council Member Schmid's point. I just think we're going
to be able to have a much more informed discussion about these things and
land on that new scenario for analytical purposes once you have the data
and analysis in front of you.

Mayor Burt: I think I'm hearing from a number of Council Members and
varying degrees from a certain portion of the CAC that we at least need to
have this other Scenario become part of the mix. The longer we wait, the
more problematic that could be. I'm looking for how to get it—that's the
weightlifting upstairs, I think—in the mix sooner rather than later.

Mr. Keene: Without getting too unscientific about it, do you think that
Council—I mean, if we were to just look at these four groups of quadrants
here, the Council might give us even an indication of what sort of the right
numbers, ratio themselves would be as a quick way to kind of cut to the
chase and identify that, rather than talk about which way to blend and ...

Mayor Burt: I would be hesitant to try to do that tonight.

Mr. Keene: I'm not saying tonight.



                                                                              Page 90 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
