                          TRANSCRIPT
need to discuss it at all. They're not highest priorities. They're green
meaning they're going forward. We don't need to endorse each of these. I
think we should be wading in on things that we see an issue with or want to
reprioritize. Even if it was done fairly expeditiously, if we went through each
and every one of these and have motions, that's unnecessary probably.

Council Member Holman: If I could follow up on that. I just think it would
be—I appreciate the comment. At the same time, I think it just provides
clarity for Staff and confirms what the Staff direction is. Hopefully we don't
all need to speak to it. It could just be a motion and quickly dispatched on
these things that are already green.

Mayor Burt: Let me ask the City Manager. Does Staff need that?

Mr. Keene: I would really respectfully suggest that this is an area of process
improvement we could start practicing. There is no need to talk about
things that are on track and that are okay. Honestly, it'd be very easy for
our Staff to get the sense that, if we look to be on track and we're there, we
don't need discussion about it. I think the idea of an exception or some
particular questions or concern is what you have. In many ways, the color
system was also a bit in our way trying to raise issues for you. When we
coded them green, we basically felt like we know what we're doing, we're
going to go ahead and proceed with it. You guys don't need to get in the
details.

Mayor Burt: You're basically asking us to focus on yellow and red and
whether we need to wade in on any of those things?

Mr. Keene: Yes, but I would say this. Let's go back to this departmental
capacity issue. When we get into those, there very well may be some
projects that are in green that you would suddenly say, "We do need to
rethink that." We may be willing to say what would it take to put that
project on hold and shift some of that capacity over to that area. That may
not be as easy as it sounds, but I think that would be one area if there's
something in the green.

Council Member Holman: Clarification then for both the Mayor and City
Manager. If we don't then say to both the Library projects, "Bless you, my
child," how does Monique know that she can depart?

Mayor Burt: Her boss tells her.

Mr. Keene: Council could.



                                                                        Page 35 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
