                          TRANSCRIPT
percent of our people, what would the traffic look like? If we had a
dedicated lane, for instance, which would be an Highway Occupancy Vehicle
(HOV) lane, would that really work in terms of we could run our shuttle
buses down there really quickly? Would that cut the commute time? I think
actually doing the metrics on that and having the data and then engaging
with the County on this issue could go a long way to getting something that
would really work for the Park and for Palo Alto. I would encourage that.
The other thing I wanted to just basically—this may be a little off the wall. I
remember at some point Stanford came to us and was talking, or somebody
from Stanford was talking, about how their TDM processes work with the no
new trips on the campus itself. One of the things they talked about was
games and points and you sign up for stuff and there's little apps and you
track and how successful all of those competition things were. I didn't hear
any of you guys doing any of that. I heard from Stanford previously how
successful all that was. Maybe you could comment on that.

Ms. Jarvis: That actually ties into the trip planner that I showed you, and it
has the calendar where people can track. That gives us the opportunity to
do those kind of things, to do prizes and incentives and to recognize people
for hitting certain milestones. That tool launches in April. We're getting up
to speed on all the capabilities of that. I think that's going to fit in really
well with what you're talking about there.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was just a little curious. Where is that little yellow
hotspot on the heat map? Is that Union City/Newark? It seems pretty
concentrated right on the other side of the Dumbarton Bridge.

Ms. Jarvis: From the map, it looks like it is just north of the Dumbarton
which would be Fremont.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    Isn't Fremont south of the Dumbarton?          It's Union
City/Newark.

Ms. Jarvis: I'm sorry. Okay.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It seemed like that was an opportunity. It was
interesting that there is a little concentration there. You talked about biking,
and there's the huge red swath that goes down. That's all within that 10-
mile radius. What percentage of people do you think are biking or do you
have that data?

Ms. Jarvis: We don't know at this point. Again, we'll get some more
contacts with our bicyclists through our promotions that we're doing in April
and May and also collect that information on the survey data. We look
forward to having that.
                                                                          Page 27 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
