                          TRANSCRIPT
includes all of the values that solar provides. It's the energy savings. It's
the value of the green energy. It includes things like capacity and ancillary
services which are fairly esoteric products, values that they could provide to
the electric system—I can go into those in a little more depth if anyone
wants me to—savings and transmission costs as well as transmission and
distribution losses of energy because the energy is generated locally instead
of being transported. This is a higher rate than I think has been proposed in
any other publicly owned utility around the state. I think it really goes to
the fact that we've exhausted the search for value that solar provides. This
just summarizes the way the charges and the credits work. I think the key
thing to take from this slide is this is a summary of the customer example
that was included in the Finance Committee report. Essentially what it says
is that a customer who has no solar—the example customer that we've
included, that has no solar, might pay $1,800 a year. If they were on our
current net metering rate, they might pay $820 a year after putting in a
solar system that meets 50 percent of their annual use.                Under the
successor rate, their annual bill might be a little bit higher, about $1,000.
They're losing a little bit of value at that size. This shows how the payback
period increases. This takes into account the actual cost of the solar system
and how long it takes to pay off. I think one of the key points to see here is
that the payback period is very similar for smaller-sized solar systems. For
the largest solar systems, this is where you start to see a divergence in
payback periods. What this program will likely end up doing is you'll have
more people installing solar, but they'll be smaller solar systems. Again,
talking about how the successor program compares to Net Energy Metering,
I think we've struck a balance here, trying to minimize the impact on solar
customers while still adhering to cost of service. Customers are still able to
use what they produce onsite. This is one of the pieces of feedback we
actually received from the solar industry earlier that we incorporated into
our proposal. They're still compensated for surplus energy. I think the
really important part here is that solar is still receiving compensation for
every bit of support that they're providing to other utility users. The main
difference is that an hourly netting period is used rather than a monthly
netting period. I can go into that in a little more detail, but that's sort of the
key point. That's that illustration that we saw earlier showing how in the
mornings and the evenings you end up consuming energy, and in the middle
of the day you end up generating it at a different rate under this proposal.
The alternatives we considered. We examined and rejected a number of
alternative designs. These designs either didn't meet the cost of service
requirement or they were much less favorable to solar. The first was
continuing Net Energy Metering, which we couldn't make feasible from a
legal standpoint. Another proposal was using a monthly carryover period
instead of an annual or hourly period. This unfortunately also doesn't meet
the cost of service requirements. It reintroduces a lot of the incentives. We
                                                                          Page 17 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/22/16
