                          TRANSCRIPT
should long-established businesses have to be taxed for the problems that
have been created for new development. Why should just businesses be
taxed without credit for all the impositions that Mr. Keenan noted? Why not
make it applicable to government too which an assessment would affect? I
think that would be a lot more salable to the residents that are going to vote
than something that comes back and is just employed on business. I think
there needs to be much more analysis on this, and I think you'd get much
more vibrant public comments if the notations of the first speaker were
noted. More notice is deserved for something like this. An assessment can
be reviewed periodically and would be tied to specific improvements, thereby
bypassing the argument about return to source with an uncommitted
general tax like you're going to do. Also, it requires less of a percentage for
approval. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Judy Kleinberg to be followed by Simon Cintz.

Judy Kleinberg: Thank you. I'm speaking on behalf of the Chamber of
Commerce. We believe the process for developing the proposed local
business tax measure has been rushed and is seriously flawed. Unless the
processes which resulted in the creation of the Residential Preferential
Parking Program (RPP) and the TMA, which did involve the business sector
and which the Chamber supported, the business community has not been a
part of this process. Your supposed outreach to the businesses has been
woefully inadequate, and your emailed survey of businesses was done over a
holiday weekend. I received mine at 5:01 A.M. on Saturday morning of
Memorial Day Weekend. Mostly it was to business admins who wouldn't
have opened it or it landed in a spam folder. It resulted in a very, very low
response rate. I checked with many of my Chamber members; they didn't
even get it. The reason they didn't get it is because somebody in the back
office who writes their checks and is on the Registry might have gotten it
and ignored it. The list of possible projects has been developed without the
input of the business community to determine whether there's any real
benefit or value to the business sector in supporting such a measure. You
need time to evaluate the impact such a tax would have on specific business
types, such as restaurants and hotels, small businesses, medical offices and
the business sector as a whole as a matter of fact. A head count tax poses a
special danger to the viability of retail and hospitality businesses that the
City has said it wants to protect. As a general tax, there's no assurance that
the funds wouldn't be spent on another project that might be considered a
higher priority by a future Council. With two other tax measures slated for
the fall ballot, the VTA tax for transportation improvements which the
Chamber has endorsed and a County affordable housing parcel tax, a third
tax might jeopardize the success of those measures and possibly doom all
three. The smart way to tackle the traffic congestion relief would be to bring
                                                                         Page 66 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
