                          TRANSCRIPT
immediately in front of the place where I live, it has become the first place
that people park when they park on Guinda between Homer and Channing,
which is where I live. It has become sort of an attractive guidepost, so
everybody parks there. That's the first place they park. One of the things
that has not happened is that our Staff has refused or has ignored the need
to teach a certain level of decorum to people who are going to take
advantage of our neighborhoods. In my place, for example, it is positioned
so that it can afford normally two cars. Guess what happens every single
day? A car comes and parks in the middle. Therefore, I can't park; my wife
can't park; my son, a high school math teacher in Fremont, he can't park on
the street. The other thing I would ask for is some simple rules on the
stickers for people who don't live in the community and ask them to exercise
a certainly level of cordiality. In a couple of cases, I've gone out to people,
have been very nice in the way I've requested it, could you park in a way
that would allow me to park in front of my own house. On a number of
occasions I have been called every conceivable name that you can mention.
For me, the larger issue is why are you doing this, and is it fair to impose
unnecessary burdens on residents that in many ways may be more onerous
than those imposed upon workers in the Downtown area. I would ask you to
consider all of these issues.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you very much.            Norman Beamer to be
followed by Benjamin Cintz.

Norman Beamer: Good evening, many Crescent Park residents including
myself object to annexing any part of Crescent Park into the Downtown RPP
Phase 2 program. It would foist an unwanted tidal wave of nonresident
parking onto the neighborhood for the first time in its over 100-year history.
That's unfair, unacceptable and it violates State law. Instead Crescent Park
should be protected by implementing a resident-only parking permit district
like College Terrace. California law limits parking permit to "residents and
merchants adjacent to the streets for their use and the use of their guests."
I submit that no Crescent Park block is adjacent to the Downtown
commercial district. A number of blocks in Crescent Park have already
petitioned to join the RPP District, even blocks outside the current proposed
eligibility area.   These petitioners certainly should be protected.       The
moment RPP Phase 1 went into effect, they were inundated by nonresident
parkers who didn't want to buy a permit. With all the Downtown new office
development in the pipeline, it will get even worse if nothing is done. Please
don't think that these petitioners are cheerfully agreeing to convert their
blocks into a parking lot for the Downtown offices. They were essentially
presented with a fait accompli. Submit a petition to allow commercial
parking or do nothing and get even more commercial parking. No one gave

                                                                        Page 87 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
