                          TRANSCRIPT
because John didn't pass on the commitments he made to the City to his
lessee within the contract. Therefore, the lessee has no incentive to meet
his obligations to the City, which is why they've been trying to lease it for
even more than they're renting it for, which is why some of these deals have
fallen through. I strongly encourage you to raise the penalty to $5,000 a
day. I think it's really important that if you make a commitment to the City,
you put it in your lessee's contract. Otherwise, we have these situations.
One last point. On 181 Heather Lane, they are beyond their pumping permit
for groundwater. I'd like to make sure that you enforce the $500 a day
penalty for them as well. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jeff Levinsky.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members and City Staff.
The big question tonight is for Edgewood Plaza and the $5,000 a day
penalty. Ironically, we already have a $5,000 a day penalty, and that's
about what we neighbors are paying in extra time, gasoline, wear and tear
on our cars because we can't shop locally. Others in Palo Alto are also
paying a penalty for the extra traffic, delays and pollution caused by our
having to go further to shop. Not two years ago, the City weighed what
should happen at College Terrace Centre if it didn't provide an operating
grocery. The Council wanted a penalty high enough so that the owner would
subsidize a new grocer if necessary. Based on that, the Council agreed
there to a penalty of $2,000 a day with an inflation adjustment and 6
months of no penalty every 5 years for tenant changeover. The grocery
space at Edgewood Plaza is 2 1/2 times larger, so the comparable penalty to
what you already set is $5,000 a day. Sand Hill, of course, hasn't been
paying $5,000 a day, just $1,000 for the last 13 months. That alone has
saved it over $1 1/2 million. By not subjecting Sand Hill to the very same
policy that you already set for College Terrace Centre, you've given them
effectively $1 1/2 million, but I don't think we've gotten a thank you note
from them for that. Even after such generosity, we have no grocery store
still. It's likely potential grocery tenants realize that if you're going to raise
the penalty gradually, they'll get the best deal on the rent if they wait until
the penalties go up further. Announcing that you'll step up penalties doesn't
help. It actually delays the day we get a grocer back. Please no more
delay, no more million dollar gifts to Sand Hill in reduced penalties. Please
set the penalties tonight to $5,000 a day for Edgewood Plaza and all other
PCs where there's no prior agreement and they fail to provide their public
benefits. I want to thank you and all the neighbors who came tonight.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Robert Moss, to be followed by
our final speaker, Jim Holsworth.


                                                                           Page 24 of 90
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/7/16
