                          TRANSCRIPT
process is painfully drawn out; although, some Council Members asked for
this program to be implemented sooner than later. We encourage you to
direct the Staff to rapidly implement the RPP for Evergreen Park. On a
personal note, in the four months passed since the City Council approved the
pursuit of an RPP in Evergreen Park, a UPS truck ran into my car parked on
the street and rendered it inoperable. Negotiating around the parked cars
on the street proved to be too challenging for the truck. This headache
would have been far less likely to have occurred if an RPP had been in place.
To be clear, the RPP program is not about railing against a certain class of
people. We have asked the City to make provisions for low-income workers
around the business district. The RPP is not about discriminating against
employees or tech workers.           Employees don't want to park in the
neighborhoods either.       My friends who work on California Avenue are
mystified by how broken this situation is. While other cities have easily
addressed parking problems by building parking garages and preserved
neighborhood parking for resident sonly, Palo Alto has failed to do so. Palo
Alto is the epicenter of Silicon Valley and home to some of the most brilliant
minds, and yet the City fails to meet the needs of residents and workers.
You might wonder why people can't park in their own driveways and leave
the streets to the public. It is true that one does not own the curbside in
front of one's house, but we have narrow lots that are only 50-feet wide, too
narrow for a double driveway. Where there are multiple drivers in a the
household as is often the case, at least one car usually needs street parking.
It's a matter of practicality and livability to be able to park one's car in front
of one's home. For senior citizens, this means the difference between going
to a fitness class midday or not. For a parent bringing children home from
school with all their gear or the resident who hosts daytime visitors or leaves
midday to return errands and returns with bags of groceries, there is simply
nowhere for people to go. Employees going to work can have options if the
City provides options, but residents have nowhere to go when they come
and cannot find parking. A livable neighborhood preserves good will to
others and creates a cohesive community. By drawing this process out and
failing to address neighborhood parking, the City is destroying our
communities and discriminating against residents. Instead of visionary
leadership, we get tepid responses from the City. We ask you to please
accelerate the implementation of an RPP program in Evergreen Park and
commit to a phase-out where there is no employee parking permitted in the
neighborhood within five years. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next—let me just clear this. Our next speaker
is Michael Hodos, to be followed by John Guislin. Welcome.

Michael Hodos: Members of the Council, good evening. My name's Michael
Hodos. My family's lived on Bryant Street in Professorville for nearly 40
                                                                          Page 87 of 121
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 09/06/16
