                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Some of the stuff that was removed since the last
round of Council input, if there was a concern on the part of Staff that we
were applying specific things too broadly across the City, I guess my
question is why not just add the words as applicable, which (inaudible) even
in there at least once? If windows and bays and doorways, we might not
want—I understand why Staff was reluctant to say, "Council, you really got
it right that time." Maybe we didn't. Maybe there's a way to add nuance to
it or add some flexibility to it without just completely getting rid of it. I'm
wondering if there's logic behind that one.

Mr. Lait: You have that in the beginning where it says each of the following
applicable Findings is met.

Council Member Wolbach: That's why I'm wondering if that—if the "as
applicable" is in there and does apply to all of them, then why take out the
specifics if they're already only going to be used where applicable?

Mr. Lait: I don't have the exact—we have an excerpt of the Motion here on
Page 312. What we don't have is the part in the Minutes where it says the
Council directed Staff to look at this, offer our judgment, and go through the
review bodies and get the judgment of the reviewers and make
modifications as appropriate. We've gone through that process. Again, from
a Staff perspective, this is literally the language that you have in SOFA II,
which was a very distinct process. We felt that absent a public dialog about
applying those SOFA II Findings or criteria to the broader part of the City
there was another way to get to that and achieve that goal. That was done
based on the language that the ARB reviewed, the PTC reviewed, Staff
recommended. That's on Packet Page 305. That's what we came up to.
That said, the Council could absolutely revert back to its original Finding and
call it an evening.

Council Member Wolbach: Got you. What I have in this presentation today
and what I have in my Packet is actually different. The word local was
pointed out earlier. I actually don't see that in the Packet version. I do see
it in the presentation version in 2B ...

Mr. Lait: Take a look at Packet Page ...

Council Member Wolbach: ... 2B and not 2B.

Mr. Lait: Packet Page 305.

Council Member Wolbach: Where it says historic character including local
historic resources. Is the word local supposed to be in there? It just wasn't

                                                                        Page 95 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
