                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: You're not asking to reverse the capital project and
actually put that money in the 2017 budget?

Mr. Keene: No. We're saying we're going to move it to the BSR in 2017,
but we're telling you it may come back out of the BSR, back into the budget,
in 2018. That's all we're saying.

Council Member DuBois:     That's normal.   That's a line in this Scenario B
here.

Mr. Keene: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: Really my question about all this—thank you for
that clarification—is how much excess money would there be if we went back
to $18.5 million in the BSR?

Mr. Perez: Let us ...

Council Member DuBois: That's my final question.

Mr. Keene: We'll tell you the dollar amount in the BSR, and then we'll tell
you what that difference is between ...

Council Member DuBois: Where I'm going with all this. I heard what you
said about the Section 115. It seems like we're going to be above the $18.5
million. I would support putting some of that money into a Section 115. I
also like the idea of maybe splitting it between the Infrastructure Fund and
the unfunded liabilities. I would also support taking that existing emergency
fund and being able to use it more broadly for HSRAP emergency funding. I
forget exactly how that was worded. I think we should get that into the
motion. Really, it sounds like we may have a couple of million dollars over
the $18.5 million.

Mr. Keene: Yeah. Mr. Mayor, with your okay. If you were to go to the
$18.5 million, you're definitely going to say there's several million dollars
there. You'll identify how much ...

Ms. Nose: $5.7 million.

Mr. Keene: $5.7 million. We discussed, as the Staff, that there certainly
could be some funding towards the 115 Reserve, certainly along the lines of
the policy that you established, the $1.3 million figure. I would just
caution—we've identified a whole bunch of potential issues for 2017. Again,
we don't know the Stanford fire contract number. We don't know what the
contract for the Animal Shelter is going to be. It could be a different cost.
We definitely know the golf course is going to cost us more money. We're
                                                                           Page 46 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
