                          TRANSCRIPT
some of it was 34 feet long. I was just curious if that meets our Sign
Ordinance. There seemed to be a lot of signage.

Mr. Lait: The signs were a part of the package. I don't recall any sign
accommodations or adjustments being made. Any signs that doesn't comply
with the Sign Code would have to go back and get approval for an
adjustment.

Council Member DuBois: Is that a separate process we're not necessarily ...

Mr. Lait: There's an ARB process to go back and get approval for signs that
don't meet the sign standard.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. The signs that are in these plans are
not considered?

Mr. Lait: While he's looking up the details, I'm just (inaudible) some.

Council Member DuBois: The other question, an easier one. The Staff
Report says they modified the plans to stay at 50 feet. The drawings we got
show it going up to 56 feet still. Are these just old drawings or does the
elevator shaft still going up to 56 feet?

Mr. Lait: No, I think there is a—it's not a car elevator. What is the structure
above the 50-foot?

Mr. Ah Sing: That's part of the equipment. There's exceptions in the Code
to allow for the equipment portion of the elevator to go beyond the height
limit.

Council Member DuBois: Was it even higher before and then reduced? The
Staff Report referred to it being reduced around the elevator.

Mr. Ah Sing: Yes. You actually had access that went to the roof deck for
vehicles. There was the combination of the cab plus the equipment. They
brought that down. They're using a ramping system to get the cars to the
roof.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. Were you looking up the sign stuff?

Mr. Ah Sing: The signs in our calculations met the requirements. Anything
that didn't meet the requirements would have to—if there was a deviation
requested, then they'd have to go through a separate process.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

                                                                          Page 101 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
