                               TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm happy with that too. Whatever is easiest for
Staff.

Mayor Burt:     If we're not really changing things on 1-4 through this
statement, then we'd word it one way. If we are changing it, we'd word it
around 5 and 6. If 1-4 have assumed using coordinated area plans as a
routine planning tool ...

Ms. Gitelman: They have not.

Mayor Burt: We have that clarification. We keep this focused on 5 and 6.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we call it routine instead of normal planning
tool?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm fine with that change.          Would I have a
second from anyone on this one?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT G: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to add to the Motion, “

C.        Scenarios 5 and 6:

     i.        Add to Table 3, ‘Coordinated Area Plans, (Precise Plans) would
               be usable and a normal planning tool in Palo Alto.’”

AMENDMENT G RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded
by Vice Mayor Scharff to add to the Motion, “

C.        Scenarios 5 and 6:

     i.        Add to Table 3, ‘Coordinated Area Plans, (Precise Plans) would
               become a routine planning tool in Palo Alto.’”

Council Member Wolbach: My third change was one I mentioned earlier as
well about grade separation. This suggestion would be for Table 4, Item 9
for Scenario 6. I'd be open to making it 5 and 6. Just swap out a couple of
words. Rather than saying "in a trench," it would say "at least." "In a
trench" is redundant because it already says below Charleston and Meadow.
It would read grade separation of Caltrain at least below Charleston and
Meadow. The remainder is the same.

Mayor Burt: May I also offer a though on this?


                                                                        Page 68 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
