                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: A first phase might—when you say relatively quickly, say the
first phase?

Mr. Mello: I think if we were going to continue with our existing system, I'd
probably want to do a six-month month to month and then see how quickly
we can get a SoBi system in place and see if the other Peninsula cities are
interested in coming along.

Mayor Burt: A six-month month to month of our existing, you're saying
extend that or a new SoBi on a month to month?

Mr. Mello: I think we'd want to keep something in place while we got the
new system set up.

Mayor Burt: That's what I was trying to figure out.

Mr. Mello: I don't think we'd want to have a gap in service. There probably
are some folks who depend on this to get to work every day, even though
it's not a large number of people.

Mayor Burt: Following on to these TDM measures, we could have individual
developments having these requirements. I can certainly see that we could
at the outset put as a condition on any new major development including
hotels. That's pretty easy. I'd also be interested in looking at our TMAs,
such as the Stanford Research Park. Have we had discussions with them
about this specifically?

Mr. Mello: Yeah, we've been talking with Jaime and her colleagues over
there. They actually submitted a letter of support for the TFCA application
that we submitted. They're very open to participating.

Mayor Burt: I don't know whether participating means significant financial
participation. When we look at our costs, are they open to being significant
financial partners in this?

Mr. Mello: I think that conversation would come as we started to firm up the
plans for the system. The letter they submitted was just kind of a general
letter of support.

Mayor Burt: I would actually like to see that conversation occur sooner
rather than later and just be pretty direct. They're looking for a variety of
tools. I would think this would work well. It depends on the location. They
have to shuttle folks from the Downtown station to the Research Park,
because of the infrequency of our current California Avenue (Cal. Ave.)
service on Caltrain. From the lower end of the Research Park to the

                                                                       Page 20 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/25/16
