                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I actually see that what's germane is "if other water sources
are available." You're saying that they aren't always available.

Council Member Holman: I'm just going to comment that Phil Bobel sat
right there and said that Staff's working on getting recycled water trucks to
demolition sites. I just hear different things here and there. I'm just trying
to put them all together.

Mayor Burt: I think we need to distinguish from what we have before us
tonight, which is the Plan versus whatever enforcement mechanisms and
implementation we may have of the Plan. Those are two different things.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Phil Bobel, Public Works. Just to
add on to that. What the ordinance currently says is potable water for
consolidation of backfill and other nondomestic uses in construction shall be
used if reclaimed water is available basically. The only exceptions we've—
certainly dust suppression at demolition sites is one of those where we've
really insisted that they use reclaimed water, recycled water. The only
exception we've sort of had last year was, like Karla was saying, in the very
rare case where they couldn't get it there or if they were making a product
out of and they contacted the supplier, and they were unwilling to hold their
warranty in place if they used recycled water. A product would be like
stucco. That's a very small water use. The big water use really is dust
suppression at construction sites, either due to demolition or just general
dust suppression while they're digging. We've definitely insisted on recycled
water for that.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “use of potable water for
construction/demolition should not be used if other water sources are
available.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I wonder if I could just add a sentence to the
resolution, maybe a "C," that says when Staff comes back with an
assessment of how they have—what assumptions they would make on
growth and accounts, that that material be available to future Council
discussions on Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) and the
Comprehensive Plan DEIR. The reason this is important is because both the
S/CAP and the Comp Plan are talking about growth rates of something like
14 percent in the future. Right now, the Water Management Plan says that
in 2015 we were running somewhere between—there are two different
                                                                       Page 47 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
