                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: That's correct.

Mr. Keene: This would not be a separate advisory measure; it would be in
the question itself that's on the ballot for the general tax, speaking towards
transportation.

Council Member Holman: Not to confuse things, but I sort of remember
also—I can't remember what the matter was—the Council passing an
ordinance such that should such-and-such a measure pass, then this is what
the Council's going to do with the funds derived from a measure.

Ms. Stump: The Council could express its intention on the use of the funds
through an ordinance. That would not convert it to a special tax. Of course
it could be the subject of the campaign, the conversation around the fact
that an ordinance is amendable by a subsequent Council. That would be one
form, a Resolution, an Ordinance, a Motion, by which the Council would
indicate how it tended to use the funds.

Council Member Holman: I know it's a political question, but I'm going to
ask you anyway. If in the ordinance—if it stated something like this
ordinance should be in effect until such-and-such a date, does that—like I
say, I know it's apolitical question, but does that lessen the likelihood, from
your experience or from Jim's experience, that a future Council might
change that ordinance?

Ms. Stump: If you're asking a policy question, I'll leave that to others. As a
legal matter, the Council's intention for an ordinance to last for a period of
time is in fact an intention. The Council does not in general have the ability
bind a future Council from amending Council ordinances.

Council Member Holman: Jim, from your experience, are Councils likely to
change...

Mr. Keene: Do you mean do Councils ever change their mind?

Council Member Holman: If something is explicitly put in place for a period
of time to cover a particular purpose, from your experience are Councils
prone to change...

Mr. Keene: I think it varies by community. It would be much more unlikely
that the same Council that passed the ordinance would turnaround and
change. However, in some communities, you're going to have a very
significant change in the Council. It's not impossible to have some folks, for
whatever reason, say—or some other crisis, some new thing arises 10, 15


                                                                       Page 116 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
