                         TRANSCRIPT
have the exact same concerns. Our non-tipped employees, there is not a
single non-tipped employee in probably any of the restaurants here that
make less than $15 an hour now. I would venture to say most are north of
$20 an hour. Our tipped employees make double if not triple or more of the
$15 minimum wage. What we're asking for is an incremental exemption for
tipped employees. Our business reaction to an increase in cost is to
calculate an increase in revenue. An increase in menu prices directly affects
increases for tipped employees. It does not affect wages of non-tipped
employees. Their wages are affected simply by market wage competition,
and that's borne out in the last couple of years. A year ago, the minimum
wage was $9. Moving to $15 at this pace, a $6 change over three to four
years is $1/2 million a year for my business. It will not affect or help
anybody that lives in Palo Alto. Even our $15 or $20 an hour associates do
not live in Palo Alto. I would venture to say that the inflationary pressure
would even affect a City like Palo Alto with the cost of living here. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Rob Fischer to be followed by Meghan Fraley.

Rob Fischer: Good evening. I think the bottom line for us in the restaurant
business is the goal of the increase in the minimum wage is to help the
lower wage workers. I know I’m kind of repeating what other people have
said. I really would hope that you listen to what we're saying in that having
a tip credit will allow restaurants to pay higher wages to the non-tipped
employees, those people who are making $15 an hour. Maybe they can
make $20 an hour with us if we can somehow shift that burden of the wages
from the restaurant people to our lower wage workers. Keeping the tipped
employees at the State minimum wage and on the State wage increase
schedule would help us tremendously to help our lower wage earners. It's
really important that people try to understand why we have—I think there's
46 other states in this country that have tip credit. We're making a federal
case out of it, saying that it's too hard to administer. I have a hard time
understanding how 46 other states can do this. We're not smart enough? I
don't get it. When we come up with these reasons why we can't do it,
maybe we should look at some reasons why we can do it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Meghan Fraley to be followed by Elly Matsumura.

Meghan Fraley: Hi, thank you. My name's Meghan Fraley. I'm the Clinical
Director of the Community Center for Health and Wellness, which is a
counseling center here in Palo Alto. I've also been working with the Raise
the Wage coalition for the past almost two, three years now. In particular,
I've been really grateful to collaborate, as a Mountain View resident, with
Palo Alto and Sunnyvale. I know the Staff has been working really hard for

                                                                      Page 78 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
