                          TRANSCRIPT
by the Bay and gutted the agency to the bone. It's been made clear over
the years there's never been any intention of resurrecting an agency the City
could be proud of. No capital improvements of any type of the outdated left
to crumble. During this process, it's been difficult and rather unfortunate to
hear the misinformation and flat out lies leveled against the people I
consider my family. On a number of occasions, they've questioned the
integrity of the agency and people working here. We have been warned by
the City that we cannot defend our position and, in fact, warned against
talking to anyone about these allegations. For years, we were told we
couldn't directly fundraise, so we left it to our so-called Friends of the Palo
Alto Shelter. Many of the Friends groups within the City have raised tens of
millions of dollars for various projects I'm sure you're familiar with. Instead,
our Friends group decided to solicit and actively participate in the interest of
Pets in Need, again leaving us with no vehicle for fundraising. Back to
checking the boxes. I'm a little confused. The City is going to refurbish and
upgrade the shelter for Pets in Need but let it rot away from its own people.
Pets in Need are going to build 80 kennels so they can kennel animals
longer. We have 22 kennels and have never euthanized for space or time. I
think the money used for 80 kennels could be better used for outreach and
education. In closing, I'd like to personally thank the incredible Staff
members who successful run an antiquated, falling down shelter with
integrity and compassion. Acting Superintendent Cody McCartney at any
given time can be seen at the City Hall attending meetings or in the office
helping the public, working as an Animal Control Officer in the field or
helping the animals in the shelter. By the way, he's saved Animal Services
and the Police Department hundreds of thousands of dollars by negating the
necessity to go out and find a professional and help with this transition. He's
been up there doing it himself along with everyone else.               Jeannette
Washington and (inaudible) Joe Dixon have been doing the work of many
others. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lynn Krug, to be followed by
Jeannette Washington.

Lynn Krug: Good evening, City Council Members. We are here tonight,
volunteers, employees and community members all, asking the City to retain
the City of Palo Alto Animal Shelter as a community animal shelter. As
employees, we are members of this community. We work hard and wish to
sustain the shelter. We are willing to seek sponsorship and find sponsorship
to raise the funds for our shelter. It seems contraindicative to be funding an
outside source when we could bring these monies to our own employees, to
our community shelter and raise the funds that we need. Why would we
outsource this to someone else and pay them to run the shelter when we

                                                                            Page 4 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
