                          TRANSCRIPT
green, do we then have to propose something that goes from green to
yellow and yellow to red?

Mayor Burt: I think once we have a parking lot and discuss it, it would
potentially be in that context. I think the green, yellow and red are actually
more status as opposed to priority. Yes, that's part of when we look at how
we framed the Agenda. I think it even alluded to that sort of prioritization.
If we cull certain things out for additional attention, then we're going to have
to struggle with tradeoffs.

Mr. Keene: I think culling is a good way to think. Let's do a pass, get as
many things out, put them aside or whatever or be done with them, and
then you may do another pass. Move this from 86 things to consider to 10.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: All things considered, however, there are 80 items.
It's going to take a while to get through these. I really think that if we're
going to bring something up, it ought to have some way to take something
else off. You've been really clear there isn't enough Staff to accomplish all
that's here. We have a budget that is strained this year, to say the least.
We're talking about priorities, and I think we need, as a Council, to be able
to prioritize. I agree, Cory, the aspect of homeless is tough, but it would
mean something else would come off. I don't think we've got enough
resources to just stretch it and say, "Regardless, we want you to continue on
with this."

Mayor Burt: Let's just say that's the concept of the parking lot. When we
have those items for discussion, as Council Member Filseth pointed out, it
will in all likelihood mean that we have to look at tradeoffs. If we want to
elevate something, something else probably would go down.            Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: When we get there, I might suggest that there's
another dimension, which is the completeness or quality level that we target.
Moving things along, I would just like to suggest some more people to let go
home. You could do these one at a time. I'm pretty good with IT, Fire,
Police and Development Services.

Mayor Burt: Let's reference pages too, so that ...

Council Member DuBois: If you want to do them one at a time, those four
groups I'd suggest.

Mr. Keene: Can I interrupt?
                                                                         Page 38 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
