                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Litsie Indergand.

Litsie Indergand: You didn't tell me I was going to speak a little while ago.
My name is Litsie Indergand. I've been a resident of Palo Alto for about 35
years. I am one of the few people who thought about and started the
Opportunity Center of the Midpeninsula. I don't think anybody I have ever
met thinks that that was a bad idea and that, oh my God, we used a little
public money for that, wasn't that awful. I think now there are quite a few
people, not just the 100 or so people who live there, but people who use
these facilities and people who know that a lot of the people you see in the
Opportunity Center would be sleeping on the street if it were not there. I
think Buena Vista is almost as important as the Opportunity Center. I would
hate to see all the people who live in Buena Vista be homeless. If they were
going to find a different place, you tell me where they would find similar
living for similar prices where their children could go to the same kind of
schools they get in Palo Alto. I don't care how many people object to public
money being used to save these 100-and-some families' homes. I think
that's far more important than anything else I can think of. Please vote to
keep Buena Vista where it is and keep all these people having their homes.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.      Our next speaker is Pilar Lorenzana-Camp.
Welcome.

Pilar Lorenzana-Campo: Thank you. Good evening, Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor
Scharff, members of the City Council. My name is Pilar Lorenzana-Campo,
and I'm the Policy Director for Silicon Valley at Home, SV at Home for short.
SV at Home is a nonprofit advocacy organization and capacity-building
organization that's working to increase the stock of affordable housing
throughout Silicon Valley communities. During Affordable Housing Week last
month, two of the events that we hosted during the month was a premiere
of the Elizabeth Lo film on the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. At the
premiere, we had a chance to meet many of the people that call Buena Vista
home. We heard their fears about the closure of the park and their strong
hope that they could stay in a community, which is a really wonderful place.
It's located in a place where we have very few affordable housing options.
On behalf of all of our members, I'm here today to strongly voice our
support for the MOU and the action that's before you today. We really
applaud the City and we commend the City for partnering with the Housing
Authority as well as the County and for being willing to invest public funds to
allow these families to remain in Palo Alto. This collaborative effort that
you're undertaking is a solution that isn't just for Palo Alto, but it will
actually mitigate the housing crisis that we're experiencing as a county and
across the region. On behalf of all our members, I'd also like to say that we
                                                                         Page 34 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
