                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to replace in the Motion, “10” with “15.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: I'll just add that in principal I was open to winnowing this
down. As I went through the applications, I was having a hard time finding
very many that I wasn't interested in sitting through an interview with. I
want to echo what Council Member Kniss said, that we really are fortunate
to have such a great pool of applicants. Frankly it's been a long while
since—we've never had this sizable pool of applicants for the Planning and
Transportation Commission in the 20 years I've been involved with it. It's
great. I'll just say that we've often out of applicants for a Commission have
had people who obviously won't get this appointment, because there aren't
enough spots.      We've found that these people see it as more of an
opportunity to engage in the community, to serve on other ad hoc advisory
boards, which we have a great need for committed people to do, and even
apply for other Commissions subsequently. I just want to kind of frame that
in advance for the candidates, that we welcome your participation, whether
it be on the Planning Commission or in other avenues. We really appreciate
your applications. On that note, we can vote on the Motion. That passes
unanimously.

MOTION RESTATED:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to interview all applicants for the Planning and
Transportation Commission with 10 minute interviews

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: We will be sending out notices to the applicants on the date.
We had originally had September 27th scheduled for all of these folks. We'll
still be retaining—Beth, have you figured out whether the 27th—what would
occur on the 27th, which categories of applicants?

Ms. Minor: At this time, we had all the Boards and Commissions scheduled
for that night. Looking at interviewing all of these, it'll probably be four
hours or more that evening. If you want to break it up into two nights, we
can doodle for a second night.

Mayor Burt: We'll definitely need two nights. My question was do we want
to be clear tonight on whether—it seems it'll be either trying to do the
Planning Commission all in one night and then the other two in another
night. Which of these would be on the 27th? Can we let people know right
now, so everybody starts planning?

                                                                      Page 45 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
