                         TRANSCRIPT
lessons from Phase 1 that we're able to utilize to make some changes going
into Phase 2. We're still learning throughout the program. Some potential
changes that Staff has identified moving into a permanent program as of
April 2017.    Obviously looking at the reduction in employee permits.
Redistributing permits among the zones based on occupancy data. Through
the data collection we've been able to identify where employees are parking
and also where residents are parking, which can help us better allocate
permits for each zone. Evaluating the policy for re-parking in the District.
Right now, there's no re-parking in each zone, but you can move to a
different zone and re-park. Evaluating that policy may be something to
consider. Recommendations tonight from Staff are to accept the status
report on the Downtown RPP program and to adopt the Resolution before
you to expand the boundary of the Downtown RPP District and eligibility area
as requested with a note that Staff intends to return with additional
occupancy data and a draft Resolution to make the program permanent with
the desired adjustments in early 2017. Phase 2 permits all expire at this
point on March 31, 2017. That concludes the Staff presentation.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can now have Council ask any technical
questions that they may have at this time. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you very much for this. I have a question
for the City Attorney actually. How far ranging can the discussion go around
this? Are we limited to these issues or can we talk about Evergreen Park
and Southgate, for example? To discuss tonight.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: No, Evergreen Park and Southgate are not on
the Agenda, except to the extent that coordinating and scheduling any work
you'd like to direct the Staff to do on this item may prompt the Staff to tell
you about some of their projects and some of those impacts. Evergreen
Park and Southgate are not on your agenda, so we're going to need to be
careful and mindful that we have not noticed the public and folks in those
neighborhoods have not been made aware. We need to be a little sensitive
to that.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have several questions here. How are we making
residents in the whole area aware that they can opt in? I've had residents
say that they didn't know that they could petition to get added in. I
wondered if there was any marketing going on.


                                                                       Page 71 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
