                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: the principal reason that we don't see a downside to extending
the agreement is that the Basic Agreement and the philosophy that that
agreement was based on was that each of the Sewage Treatment Plant
partners is really entitled to the amount of water that they discharge into the
system.     It's really their water.    It's really is time independent, that
entitlement that they have to their share of the water. The thing that gets
confusing is there's a number of ways of looking at this. You can look at the
permitted amount of water, which our speaker was addressing. That doesn't
have all that much relevance frankly any more.              There's the basic
entitlement that I'm talking about, which in Mountain View's case is
currently they're contributing about seven MGD, so they would have an
entitlement to that seven MGD. Then you heard us talking about a three
MGD number for Mountain View. That's because there's only a certain
capacity that we currently have to deliver water. There's a number of ways
to looking at this. When we're extending this base agreement, the actual
effect of it is to just extend that almost philosophical understanding that
everybody owns the water that they discharge to the Sewage Treatment
Plant, and they get it back if they want it. That's a very fundamental
principle that all of our partners are assuming and share. We don't see any
of them being willing to negotiate away from that.

Council Member Filseth: As long as we're actually in the water treatment
business, then it should be no big deal.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you, Phil. I actually really like what you're
saying. There are a couple of things, though, that seem to be concerning
me.    The first seems to be just the overall big, Strategic Plan here.
Sunnyvale is saying, "Let's purify our water and, therefore, we're not going
to have any recycled water." Since we have our purple pipe already, we
now need to buy recycled water from someone because we now are
purifying our water. It would seem that as we go to 2060, Palo Alto's going
to want to purify their own water, and we're not going to want to have
recycled water. We're going to want to have purified water. When I read
this agreement, it stops that from occurring. That's what this agreement
seems to do when I read it. When I read this agreement, it seems to do the
opposite of what you say, which is we're going to have Strategic Plan and
have lots of options. We're going to weigh the options, and we're going to
have different paths we move down. This agreement seems to lock at least
Mountain View in, on this notion that they're going to take their seven
million gallons as we increase capacity. That will be recycled water, and that
will not be purified water. They'll actually have an incentive to fight with us
not to spend Capital Improvements to purify our water. They'll want to keep
                                                                        Page 67 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
