                          TRANSCRIPT
we think will further incent non-auto transit. Number 1, we are prepared to
give leasing preference to workers currently employed within the City of Palo
Alto or within an agreed upon radius of the project. Number 2, we are also
prepared to give leasing preferences to residents who do not own a car. We
are willing to deed restrict both of these preferences. We're comfortable
with these deed restrictions given our proximity to the Stanford Research
Park and 25,000-plus jobs as well as our proximity to Caltrain and the job
base it connects its riders to. Additionally, we would intend to participate in
the Palo Alto TMA and, lastly, we would be very supportive of an Resdential
Preferential Parking Program (RPP) program in surrounding residential
neighborhoods. Obviously, our project and its residents would not be
eligible for any new permits created by this RPP. In the next slide, I'm going
to discuss briefly a community benefit we are willing to offer as part of the
development, which would be a dedication of a portion of the parcel along
Page Mill in order to accommodate a right-hand turn lane as shown on this
slide. We feel this will greatly improve the efficiency of the intersection.
Finally, I'm going to touch briefly on our environmental approach. We do
endeavor to design to a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
(LEED) silver equivalent. We hope to build an all-electric building with the
exception of gas water heaters. We also envision drought-tolerant water-lite
landscaping, Electric Vehicle (EV) charging stations in our garage, a robust
TDM package as mentioned, as well as remediation of the contamination
onsite. We've done extensive studies on the environmental conditions, and
we do have a plan. We have our environmental consultant here to address
any specific questions. With that, I'm going to turn it back over to Tod.

Mr. Spieker: Why? Why do we want to build this project in this location at
this time? We've all heard it a thousand times, the jobs/housing imbalance.
That voice is getting louder. Per the City's most recent data, there are 3.05
jobs in the City of Palo Alto per one employed resident. That means on any
given day we have over two people coming from outside of Palo Alto into
Palo Alto and out again, causing traffic and parking congestion. Obviously
this project will not fix the problem, but it can help bring 60-plus people
working in Palo Alto, looking for an attainable place to live close to where
they work. We are very aware for the need of affordable housing, and we
know the City is currently working on an increased in-lieu fee for residential
projects. While we feel the project we are proposing will provide more
attainable housing units given their size, we are open to putting a mutually
agreed upon number of affordable units onsite versus paying the 100
percent in the form of the in-lieu fee. We are also open to giving preference
to teachers, firefighters and police officers as well as other City employees
that have felt the pressure of increased housing costs. From 2008 to 2015,
there has been over two million square feet of nonresidential square footage
approved in Palo Alto. Taking industry standard numbers of 250 square feet
                                                                         Page 6 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
