                          TRANSCRIPT
the parking question is one of the ones that's been raised most frequently.
You've seen a couple different presentations at this point, I believe, about
the parking including a map. There's a small version up here, but hopefully
you all have a larger version of the map that we produced, that identifies all
the places that parking is proposed to be removed. I think what you'll see
from the map is that parking is being removed from intersections generally
one or two spaces along Bryant. There are a couple of other places where
there's a little bit more substantial parking removal, but by and large we're
talking about removing, as we discussed earlier, kind of daylighting the
intersections along Bryant. By and large, those have very limited impact.
On this map, the little clip of the map that's up here, the things that are in
black don't have any substantial impact on parking utilization. That is to
say, once you remove those spaces, there's still at least 20 percent or more
available curb space for parking. Those that are in red are places where
that's not the case. What I will do just quickly—you can see here that we
have both as the average, which folks asked about, so 279 average cars
across the observations that we made. We made four observations of the
parking, two during the daytime, one in the evening during the week, and
one on the weekend. Slightly higher, so 279 parked cars in the average and
329 during the peak period. One of the major intersections that folks have
raised of concern is the intersection of Bryant and Everett. We have a quick
graphic that kind of shows you for every leg and every side of that
intersection what is the current parking utilization. You'll remember we're
removing about one space from each corner of this. In some cases, for
example—I don't know how well you can see my mouse here. This corner of
Everett and Bryant, there's significant overutilization of the parking, and that
refers to folks—we counted every car that used the parking regardless of
whether they're parked legally or not. There's some illegal use; there's also
smaller than average car is used. We used a fairly conservative 22-foot
standard for parking, and that really enables more cars to park than you
might otherwise expect. This is a congested intersection obviously. I think
folks are aware of that. There are some spaces right at the intersection
remaining even when you remove the parking that's proposed. If you were
to move a block or two up or down in either direction, there certainly would
also be parking available. I made the ones that are actually congested at
the end of this kind of stand out here. There's sort of five of the legs of
these eight legs that would be congested. That kind of concludes the Bryant
part.

Mr. Mello: Our Staff recommendation for this section of the presentation is
to adopt the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) exemption and
approve concept plans for the Bryant Street Update Bicycle Boulevard, and
also approve the contract with Alta Planning and Design for the final design

                                                                         Page 45 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
