                          TRANSCRIPT
jump out at me. One, it seems that we have many more visits of people
that come than are checking stuff out. I guess I'm wondering are our
libraries transitioning a little bit to be places for studying, meeting. You sort
of indicated that people go to Mitchell Park to make a day of it and that kind
of stuff. Am I correct in reading that? Circulation is still obviously really
important, but a meeting place may be a new mission of the Library, so to
speak.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Yes, I agree. People walk in with their laptops.
Some spend most of the day there working on whatever they're working on.
Somebody said, "I love your meeting rooms. We're working on a startup, so
we're meeting there as a group once a week." We're serving a wide range
of customers. I think you're absolutely right. People are making a day of it,
whether they're doing homework or whether they're doing their own
business or whatever.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It seems a little hard with Rinconada opening and the
huge surge of people at Rinconada when you look at those statistics.
Attendance seems to fall, customer counts, and then you have the huge
customer count, obviously increase, in Rinconada. It's hard to tell if people
are now going to Rinconada and not going to the other libraries because
they used to go to the other libraries, whatever. I'm hoping that when we
do this, it'll sort of normalize and we'll get more of a sense of what's really
happening over time. Do you have any sense at all how that will play out?

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: The Staff Report to me that they're seeing more
and more people going to Rinconada. They're seeing that actually trend a
little bit up. I agree with you that next year, when it has kind of normalized,
we'll have a better sense of where are they using it, what library are they
using the most.

Vice Mayor Scharff: A couple of times I've been to Mitchell Park in the
evening. I've noticed huge numbers of teens studying and socializing. I
actually haven't been to Rinconada. Are the same things occurring in
Rinconada or is it really a Mitchell Park phenomena?

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: I think it's more a Mitchell Park thing. We have
had opportunities for teen programming and things. We are getting more
teens to come to Rinconada, but I believe that more of them are at Mitchell
Park late in the evening.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The other thing I noticed is that—the one time I was
there until 9:00 P.M., it seemed the place was completely full of teens at
9:00 P.M.. You had to literally throw them out.

                                                                         Page 16 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
