                          TRANSCRIPT
Year '17 with your largest investments in buildings and facilities. Of that
$68.2 million, it's important to note $29.5 million is reappropriations.
Looking at this capital information from a historical standpoint. Back in
1993, we were spending about $3 million annually on this. If we bring
ourselves up to Fiscal Year—let me pull out my notes. If we bring ourselves
up to Fiscal Year 2006, we were spending about $13.2 million. In Fiscal Year
'15 and '16, expenses are hovering around the $45-46 million range. You
can see over the last more than a decade, expenses and investment in
general infrastructure have increased exponentially. Just briefly since we do
have all the public hearings, there are a number of utility rate increases that
the Finance Committee has reviewed, and we're bringing forward to you for
your review and approval. The proposed rate increases are outlined on this
slide. Overall it's about an eight percent increase year over year. This is
probably where I'm going to have Lalo and Jim help me out. Potential issues
on the horizon. I know we've brought this up a lot over the course of this
budget process. We've bolded ones that are probably most imminent for
you guys. Things like our Stanford University negotiations, the Animal
Shelter service delivery model evaluation, obviously that golf course
reconfiguration and renovation project, the potential acquisition of the Post
Office as well as Track Watch. You can see here the longer term things that
we'll be facing as an organization as well. As we look forward, these are just
some guiding principles. We're going to need to be balancing expectations
with the funding available, continue to remain that employer of choice. The
biggest change here is to address the Fiscal Year '18 imbalance. Something
that came out of the Finance Committee meetings was a return to the
Finance Committee sometime during the fall of this year to start outlining
potential budget balancing solutions and options that'll provide a more
sustainable, ongoing approach. Unless Jim or Lalo has anything else, I think
we're here for answering any questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now, would Finance Committee Chair Filseth like to
report out on the discussions of the Committee and anything the Council
should be considering tonight?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. Thank you very much. First of all, thank
you very, very much to Lalo and an extremely productive and efficient team
of Kiely, Paul and Peter, who did a humongous amount of work with a very
small team. We happy few, absolutely. Faced with a significant challenge of
balancing the budget for this year, Staff did a great job. A big piece of the
challenge here was a number of expenses appeared this year that hadn't
been anticipated, that were structural expenses. The goal of balancing this
year in a structural way, because these are going to come back next year,
was a significant one. If there's one thing we learned from this very, very
clearly is that operating costs crowd out capital investment and
                                                                            Page 13 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
