                         TRANSCRIPT
Galen Fletcher: Good evening, Mr. Mayor and Council Members. My name
is Galen Fletcher, second generation owner of Sundance The Steakhouse.
With full service restaurants, the minimum wage earners make tips, which
gives them a good living wage while keeping menu prices competitive. With
two-thirds of my staff making tips, this minimum wage increase prevents me
from giving raises to the employees that need the money the most, my
back-of-house employees. Ironically, raising the menu prices in order to pay
for this minimum wage increase will actually result in higher tips, so the
front-of-house is actually getting two raises. Raising menu prices to cover
this expense of this minimum wage is risky. Going from $11 to $15 does
not pencil out given our current business model. Add payroll taxes and
workers' comp to that number, and now we have a crisis. This will be
incredibly inflationary for our guests, and their dining frequency will
diminish. This is a perfect storm for bankruptcy and job loss. Family-run
businesses like mine are especially vulnerable to this cost-covering panic.
Bottom line, it's not economically sustainable. For instance, for every dollar
the minimum wage goes up, it's going to cost $8,000 a month. That's
$96,000 a year just for $1. The proposed is going to cost me $385,000 per
year. I'm not sure how we're going to come up with that money. The
overall business model of a full-service restaurant is at stake. We are
headed into unfamiliar territory as an industry with no clear answers on
what to do. Jobs will be lost. Hours of operation will change. Traditional
restaurants will close. Entry level jobs will vanish. Bottom line, the
customer and society lose. Ironically, this drastic rate in which the minimum
wage is changing will result in reduced purchasing power for the individuals
that this policy is designed to help. Prices will outpace the increased wages
for those individuals. A one-size-fits-all does not work when it comes to the
restaurant business. I'll wrap it up by saying I'm not against raising the
minimum wage for those for its intended benefit. I personally pay my non-
tipped employees very well and want to continue to provide income ...

Mayor Burt: Sorry. We have to abide by the two minutes.

Mr. Fletcher: ... opportunities for them. I'm just asking for an exclusion.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Tim Reymers, to be followed
by Peter Katz. Welcome.

Tim Reymers: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. Tim Reymers. My
wife and I own the Pampas restaurant. We are investors. We own this
restaurant, but we are not active managers of the restaurant. We both work
in high tech. The minimum wage that you're talking about we support. I do
believe, as was commented just now, the workers in back-of-house, it
makes sense to get up to that dollar amount. We do do that through

                                                                       Page 74 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
