                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: My comment is I'm concerned about the lack of
CEQA review and public participation.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry. I do have one more question. When
we get to motions, we're not looking for exact language; we're just looking
for what we want the letter to include or not. I just want to be clear on that.

Mayor Burt:    I think that'd be correct.   It'd be with adequate clarity that
Staff ...

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: ... understands it. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I actually realized I did have one question.
Looking at the at-places draft, the amendments draft. On the second page,
Section 3, it talks about the amount of affordable housing to be included
with the project. Sub-items i and ii, are these in parallel or in series? Is this
an "and" or an "or" where, if I'm reading this right, we're talking about at
least 10 percent for low income and five percent? Is it 10 percent of low
income and five percent on top of that of very low income or is it 10 percent
low income or five percent of very low income?

Ms. Gitelman: It's either/or.

Council Member Wolbach: Either/or.

Ms. Gitelman: We're proposing—a suggested change would be in the italics
below, because saying that those low percentages, which are lower than the
City's current inclusionary requirement, should not be allowed if there's an
inclusionary requirement that applies.

Mayor Burt: See above, it says "either."

Council Member Wolbach:       Thank you.    We just got it, so I was trying to
read it fast. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We have two members of public who wish to speak. Our first
speaker is Stephanie Munoz, to be followed by Bob Moss. Welcome.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'd like
to speak to this and suggest to you that you also want what the Governor
and the Legislature wants. You should be thinking very seriously. You have
a member who's running for Assembly and a concerned citizen in this very
                                                                             Page 34 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
