                          TRANSCRIPT
going to have the cash flow to go find other houses. Do we want to see our
neighborhoods progressively strip-mined for profit, driving out families that
can no longer afford to live there or do we want to preserve our community,
insist on bona fide single-family residents that become part of the
community and support the community and preserve the privacy and
comfort of their neighbors? I think this is reaching a point where I could
understand the other gentleman's defense of occasional Airbnb, but when
you industrialize this to a scale of 14 people, four to six per bedroom, it's an
entirely different character. I urge the Council to consider constraining this
sort of opportunism. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is George.

Joerg: Thank you. Good evening. My name's Joerg Rathenberg. I live in
Lincoln Avenue, right across from the house we're talking about. Everybody
here has spoken so eloquently already. I don't have any prepared remarks,
but I want to kind of say that about seven years ago, my wife and I packed
our bags in San Francisco where we lived in a very nice neighborhood. We
moved here to Palo Alto to seek exactly what George had just talked about,
this kind of close neighborhood environment where people are friendly with
each other, where the kids can play out in the street, where it's safe and
where it's nice. Now seven years later, actually we kind of see—it is a
difficult time. You can see lots of different people buying houses for profit,
quite frankly, just trying to get their foot into the market. You can see a lot
of people turning over and so on. Coming here, we've experienced this
close-knit community. We've experienced the schools that we have looked
for, and we were very happy with that. What I find dangerous is if we use a
residential neighborhood for commercial gain, and we kind of start building
hotels, because that's what it really is. If we start building hotels in the
residential neighborhoods, I don't think it's good. Today we're already
fighting with the parking problem. It used to be very quiet, seven years
ago. Suddenly we've got cars stacked up all over our street. There are a lot
of things that we can complain about and we can do something about and so
on. I think we really have to look at the causes, why is that happening. In
a residential neighborhood, we want to have residential families. That's why
we left our home and moved here, to experience that. I would also ask the
Council to please consider that in their proceedings. I also want to point out
we're, so to speak, the tip of the iceberg. We're limited right now in saying
more, but there are a lot more people who have similar ideas about this than
we do. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock.

[The Council returned to Item Number 3.]

                                                                         Page 29 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
