                          TRANSCRIPT
think that's really a disservice. It just reminds me of the kinds of arguments
Donald Trump would make. I found that really inappropriate. I want to say
I think that the arguments that Residential Permit Parking should be there
and that the Comp Plan supports protecting residential neighborhoods from
the impact of the commercial development is a sound argument, and that's
why we set up the RPP program and why I support it for these
neighborhoods. The argument that somehow this is a theft of parking is
really also a disservice. We don't own the parking spots in front of our
homes. They are publicly owned, and we have a reasonable right to say that
there should be availability of those parking spots on a reasonable basis to
us as residents. We shouldn't have to go a block or two to find a parking
spot in front of our home. We don't own them, and others occupying them
is not a theft of my property. It's not in front of my house where I have
parking all the time for the Children's Library and the Children's Theatre and
all those. I don't think of it as a theft of my parking spot. I don't own it. I
do feel that we should be able to have reasonable amounts of parking in
front or adjacent to our own homes. That's a reasonable expectation. We
want to align the problem with the solution, and we want to stay to things
that are sound and accurate. Those are good arguments. We have good
arguments for putting an RPP program and returning a reasonable amount
of availability of parking to people who live there. I would really hope that
everybody sticks to those sound arguments and doesn't get into distortion
and hyperbole that just isn't reasonable. The other dilemma that we have
is—this is the same one that we had in the Downtown. We want to move
from where we are to a solution. If we on Day One said that we've banned
everybody but residents from the neighborhoods, first we'd have a lot of
spare parking space in the neighborhoods. The neighbors know a high
percentage of the parkers are not neighborhood residents right now. What
we do is create an actual crisis for all those workers, retailers and otherwise.
What we want to do is drive the solution, which means get relief for the
neighborhood right away—I support the funding in our budget to implement
this for both of these neighborhoods sooner rather than later—and begin to
have significant relief for the neighborhoods. What we've done in the
Downtown is we've said we're going to on Day One significantly reduce the
amount of overflow parking in the neighborhoods. We sell a certain number
of permits. On Day One those neighborhoods experienced significant benefit,
not perfection but significant improvement. Each year, we're going to
reduce the number of those permits that are sold. We drive this TDM
measure. One of the problems is that we don't have this Transportation
Management Agency or Authority that we have for Downtown. It isn't
expanded for the Cal. Ave. area yet, so we don't really have a solution for
helping to come up with alternatives. I'll give you an example. The
cheapest transit is not the Caltrain Go Pass; it is the VTA EcoPass. Some of
you may have heard, but the Stanford Research Park was able to negotiate
                                                                        Page 102 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
