                          TRANSCRIPT
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Staff requests Council hear Agenda Item Numbers 13- Approval of a Twenty
Five (25) Year Lease… and 14- PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Emergency
Ordinance… before Agenda Item Number 12- Adoption of an Ordinance to
add Section 10.50.085…

Mayor Burt: Our next order of business is City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager: Are we going to do Agenda Changes?

Mayor Burt: Sorry, you're correct. Under Agenda Changes, current Item
Number 12 has apparently five Council Members who have conflicts of
interest. We'll have a process for drawing straws to participate under State
law in that circumstance. What we wanted to do as a result of that is move
Item Number 12 to become new Item Number 14, following 11, 13 and 14
as numbered on the Agenda. Item 12 becomes new Item 14A, I guess, is
the proper way to do it.

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I think one of the reasons for that in
addition was both Items 13 and 14 are scheduled as short discussion items
by the Council, and the sort of thing you could get through pretty quickly.

Council Member Holman: I put my light on.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I just wanted to make sure that someone had
notified the Museum of American Heritage to show up so much earlier.

Mr. Keene: We did reach out and let the—Staff was supposed to do that.
We'll check and see. You'll probably spend a little time on Item Number 11,
so that will give me the time to check.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Do you need a Motion?

Mayor Burt: We're okay.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Now City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mayor and Council Members. A
few things to report. You have a lot on your Agenda; I'll zip through these.

                                                                     Page 19 of 125
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/1/16
