                          TRANSCRIPT
that level as well, which is why I think the Vice Mayor's suggestion sort of is an
interesting and makes sense. Under normal circumstances, you say that's part
of the Built Environment, but the question is, is that so extreme at this point
that it actually deserves a higher Priority than that. I think that's an interesting
possibility. I think that's important as we go through and think about all the
projects. The last thing I'd say is that if one had to drop off the list, I think the
Infrastructure one. I don't think it should drop off the list, but if one had to, I
think it's going into execution mode. There's a question of should it be on the
Council's list or is that sort of no longer in the vision, policy and oversight space
the way that other things are. I agree with Council Member DuBois on the
importance of grappling with our long-term finances particularly if, as many of
us believe, there's going to be a recession in the next few years. I think that
fits under the Healthy Cities category, but I think it's an important thing.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I found the comments informative and thoughtful. One of the
things that we continue to not have quite resolved is what's a Priority versus a
core value. Because we haven't set the core values, we keep struggling with
should we take a core value and make it a Priority. If we look at our existing
Priorities, I suspect that over the longer term several of them, if not three out
of the four, are ones that we will consider seriously for core values, the Built
Environment, Infrastructure, perhaps Infrastructure as part of the Built
Environment discussion as a core value and Healthy City. We've had in the
past Priorities that came off that are part of our core values, environmental
sustainability, long-term financial planning. We had youth well-being which is
now within our Healthy City context. Those will be important considerations.
Last year when we struggled with the Built Environment, we were including
within that impacts on transportation. Now, we do have an even greater
immediacy and focus on whether it's transportation, mobility, however we
name it, but that topic. I'm very interested in considering that as well as the
need to look at, in this next Agenda Item, where we put some high emphasis
on certain major topics within these, like airplane noise, as rising to the top
amongst Healthy City actions in the coming year. I'm hesitant to add a fifth
Priority. We just start building that list. I'm also inclined—as someone who
was very supportive of the Infrastructure focus, I do think it's entering the
execution phase. It's important to remember that just as Built Environment,
Infrastructure, Healthy Cities, they're not going to go away. They will always
be there. The question is are they going to have this additional, particular
focus. As we move Infrastructure into principally execution, it doesn't mean
we'll have no policy considerations. Every year, we have policy considerations
around long-term financial planning. We have them around the infrastructure.
We have them around environmental sustainability which is not a Priority even
though we're not talking about it in the year where we're adopting our new
Sustainability and Climate Action Plans. We're not talking about it as a Priority,
                                                                            Page 36 of 86
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 01/30/16
