                         TRANSCRIPT
work considerations or some issues like that come up, no motions are being
taken, it's a Study Session. You could do it that way. I don't think there are
any easy answers to any of this.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) Staff would (inaudible).

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think Staff would prefer it if we did it during the day.
You can speak up, but I'm convinced that if ...

Council Member Kniss: 2:00 to 11:00?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think Staff would prefer 2:00 to 11:00 than—correct me
if I'm wrong—6:00 to 1:00 in the morning any day of the week.

Council Member Kniss: 4:00 to 11:00.

Mayor Burt:   Let's keep going.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just think what might be helpful is if we thought about
how to make those meetings end at 11:00.            I actually thought Cory's
suggestion was not a bad one, that let's end at 11:00 and things automatically
get transferred over to the next Council meeting if we don't. That way we
know it ends at 11:00. Right now we're supposed to have three Council
meetings a month. Let's plan on four, and that fourth Council meeting basically
being the one where you do the leftovers and not plan on doing other stuff.

Mayor Burt: Now we're up to two uses for that fourth meeting, because he had
suggested Study Sessions.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was moving those to 2:00, remember.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Let me just raise the question of whether we should
eliminate Study Sessions. Council's role is to make discrete policy guidance, to
approve decisions. Actions, guidance on policy and oversight. None of these
can be done in a Study Session. Study Sessions produce information, but just
look at what information the Council has. We have very high quality Staff
presenting reports. They use high powered consultants to help them. We have
Boards and Commissioners who are doing studies and giving us their advice.
All of those use regional studies that have been done. We have Council
committees spending hours on things, and we have a very educated
community. If we miss something, they will fill us in. What's the role of a
Council Study Session? It avoids us making decisions which is our real role, so
why not eliminate Study Sessions, make them Action Items, and get to the
action as quickly as possible.
                                                                        Page 72 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/30/16
