                          TRANSCRIPT
Faith Brigel: Hello. I'm Faith Brigel. Good evening. I want to recommend
that you vote this down. In hearing what everyone's said that—by voting it
down, I mean to not agree to go along with Pets in Need in Redwood City.
It seems to me that there has not been enough work done to try to keep it
in Palo Alto, run by Palo Altans. When I first came in—no offense meant—
the Pets in Need people seemed to be talking—it sounds like they're talking
negotiations. They're talking business. We're talking about constituents
who have animals, who care about their animals. There are a lot of retired
people in Palo Alto, many more than have kids in schools. Probably about
75 percent of Palo Alto are retired people who have animals. They do not
only have cats and dogs, which seems to be the only animals that Pets in
Need really know about. I think if you let Pets in Need in Redwood City take
over, you're going to lower the morale of the workers. They sound like very
fine workers who really care about the animals. You lower the morale, and I
think a lot of them will leave. Then, you're going to have other people
coming in who don't have the experience. The City of Palo Alto has been
administering the Animal Services in Palo Alto since 1903. The building's
been there for 40 years.        If you need to renegotiate to get better
administrators, then do that. I think get them from Palo Alto. I don't know
why we're reaching out to Redwood City. No offence meant; it’s a wonderful
city. We're in Palo Alto; we should use all the structure and facilities that we
have. I believe that you can do it. We have found money for all sorts of
things, the tunnel near Palo Alto Medical Foundation (PAMF) that I don't
think is used that much. I think that you can find the money to do this. I
think it needs to be advertised more. I don't think a lot of people know that
there is a struggle going on. I think the Animal Services in Palo Alto do a
marvelous job. Any time I've needed them, they've been available. They're
short on Staff, and they're short on money. They could increase their Staff
with more money. I believe that you can find the money for this very
important purpose that helps older people and also helps families, children.
Animals, as you know, are very good for children. Please keep the Animal
Services run by people in Palo Alto. Don't give it out to another city.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Can Staff respond to any issues that were raised
by members of the public for which you may have answers available? I
don't know if you were keeping track. I can run off a few of the ones that
were raised, if that's helpful.

Mr. Alaee: What I can do is speak at a little bit of a high level. As I
mentioned before, there are three elements that we need to discuss with
Pets in Need and have detailed discussions with them. It's about the
services. It's about the finances, and it's about the facility. They're all
intertwined. As the City Manager said, we're here to do a check-in with the
                                                                        Page 56 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
