                    ACTION MINUTES
achieved 88 percent of targeted water savings; the State Water Resources
Control Board is moving towards a self-certifying model for water districts;
and the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC) is beginning an
update to the water maps, which determine the allocation of water to each
water district customer. The water allocation for Palo Alto may be reduced.

Vice Mayor Scharff reported his attendance on a telephone call with the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) earlier today. Various flight routes
were discussed. He reported his attendance at the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) General Assembly and Executive Board meetings last
week. He provided an update on the potential merger of ABAG and the
Metropolitan Transit Commission (MTC). He reported, the MTC is scheduled
to review and potentially approve the merger on Wednesday.

Mayor Burt reported on the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority
(JPA) this past Thursday. The five member agencies announced additional
funding contributions, which cover the budget short fall for the downstream
from Highway 101 project. The JPA plans to continue exploring ways to
increase the allowable construction schedule for the project. The presence
of endangered species has limited the construction schedule to several
weeks each year. He reported his attendance this past weekend at the 2016
Smart City Conference & Expo and Job Fair at the Santa Clara County
Building. Numerous City of Palo Alto smart city initiatives were highlighted
during the Conference.

Council Member Kniss announced that the California League of Cities,
Peninsula Division quarterly meeting is scheduled this Thursday night, with a
discussion of affordable housing.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:45 P.M.




                                                                         Page 11 of 11
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 5/23/16
