                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Would the HRB not be included in that?                Why
Planning Commission as opposed to HRB?

Council Member Berman: Or ARB.

Ms. Gitelman: It's an Ordinance so it would have to go to Planning and
Transportation Commission. We could also bring it to ARB and HRB if we
wanted.

Council Member Berman: It seems to me to make sense, but I'll leave that
to the maker and the seconder.

Council Member Holman: ARB doesn't review single-family homes, so I'm
not sure why it would go to the ARB.

Council Member Berman: Would the definition of demolition apply to that?

Mayor Burt: That's not part of the Motion currently. If there's an interest in
clarifying that process in the future, that needs to be offered as part of the
Motion or it can be brought up at the meeting where this comes back to the
Council, which may be the more appropriate place to do it.

Council Member Berman: I'm happy to leave that be. Lastly, I just want to
say to my friend and former IBRC colleague, David Bower, you're freaking
me out on your moth in the sweaters analogy, because my sweater has two
holes from moths that I noticed this morning and decided to wear anyway.
Thanks for that. I now feel very self-conscious.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Again, back to a discussion that I have heard. When
remodeling—I won't argue whether it's dry rot or whether it isn't dry rot. I
frequently hear people say in an attempt to make the house greener or more
energy efficient, certain things need to be done to the house. The question
is how do you get around that when we're not quite clear what demolition is
at this point? I think you understand that, because you've heard it often.
Maybe you could address that.

Council Member Holman: It's true. Some of the incentives address some of
the green aspects and also the State Historic Building Code address some of
those issues. I believe the State Historic Building Code does too, but
certainly the incentives in the Building Code do. I didn't say that very well.
Some of those issues are addressed in current Code and in Building Code.
It's not that you're doing one or the other; sometimes it's a balancing act.
Let's just say for instance, if you want to replace windows because you want

                                                                       Page 74 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
