                          TRANSCRIPT
7-12 graders. Right now we have no formal programming for them.                     Is
there something we can do to support that continued culture change?

Council Member Kniss: I guess, if you ever come across the answer, I'd be
interested in knowing. It's how do you change that peer group behavior. I
notice our Mayor is riding his bike more and more. That doesn't seem to
change the Council's behavior too much. In seriousness, I really wondered
what that was, because I remember my own kids who, when they were old
enough to drive, really wanted to drop the bike and take the car.

Ms. Star-Lack: I think that it's less uncool; it's more cool now to actually be
biking. I don't know if you noticed, but bikes are everywhere in popular
culture. As you know, our young people, young adults are driving less and
less and riding more and more. It's really not an uncool thing, and it's a
social thing for students actually.

James Keene, City Manager: Plus it's really cool to arrive at school sweaty
now as opposed to the old days.

Council Member Kniss: I would also think that the safer we make it, the
easier it is going to be to bike, I think, for parents as well. They really want
to be comfortable when their kids ride off to school in the morning. Thanks
very much. I'm really glad and delighted that you have this program. I had
the fun of going to Ohlone last week and watching the kids arrive on wheels
of any kind. It was a kick. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for all the progress that's been made.
It shows certainly very dramatically in comparison to where the rest of the
nation is. Just by chance, I happened onto a program on KQED or one of
the National Public Radio (NPR) stations last week. I think it was called "The
Slow Way." It was about comparing Japanese children, how they get to
school, and American children, how we get to school. Some of the things
that they do are things that we do in the community already, like the bike
train of people going together. One of the things that came through pretty
loud and clear was that even after World War II, when roads were torn up
and there were a lot of impediments, they did not change their behavior. It
was a point of pride for the parents and the children to walk to school. It
wasn't even biking; it was just walking to school. I see Penny Ellson
nodding her head; she's maybe familiar with the program or something. It
was a point of pride. I don't know how we instill even more pride in our
community to adopt the slow way. It was kind of eye-opening. It talked
about development patterns and that sort of thing too. That was the thing
that really stuck with me, that it's a point of pride. They didn't let even a
                                                                          Page 8 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
