                         TRANSCRIPT
is a project that the applicant enthusiastically agreed to. It was because
prior proposals by the applicant were pushed back against. That's what
occurred. I think we should have the integrity to be honest about what's
happened and what we have before us. I do think that their—my greatest
concern is not so much the outcome of this particular site. Back when we
had the opposition, I said a number of times, "I think the neighborhood
opposition, which is the opposition of the side of the neighborhood of this
project that are the single-family home occupants."         It's important to
remember there are four sides to this project. One side is single-family
homes. Two sides are higher density, one very high density. One side is a
park. Three-quarters are not single-family homes. I would venture that
virtually everyone here tonight is from the single-family home neighborhood.
We tend, as homeowners, to—I guess I'm seeing a nodding head no. Can
anyone who's from a multifamily residence nearby there just raise their
hand? We have five. Thank you. We had opposition that was really not so
much emotionally based upon consistency with zoning; although, the prior
project exceeded the zoning. It was against existing conditions. The
emotional attachment, it had been for decades what were essentially single-
family homes along Maybell and an orchard behind it. Really, the passions
were about—the argument was made don't violate the zoning. Really I think
the emotions were don't violate the existing conditions in an unacceptable
way. That's, I think, (inaudible). That's not an invalid emotion, but I think
we need to be honest about if we have opposition to a project that says it's
based upon that we want the zoning followed and we want the
Comprehensive Plan followed and then, once that prevailed at the ballot box,
we have a project that isn't consistent with the zoning and really isn't
consistent with the Comprehensive Plan. It is consistent with the wishes of
the neighboring, single-family neighborhood. I'm really concerned about the
process that we have going forward. I think we need to reexamine how we
deal with projects, especially if a new project, even if an underlying zoning
allows for something higher density, if it is different from what has been
existing in a neighborhood, we have to acknowledge that that's going to
have real concerns unless design and compatibility are good and unless
there is a real participation from the outset of the various stakeholders.
When I say the various stakeholders, that isn't just the single-family
neighbors adjacent. When we had, for instance, the South of Forest Avenue
(SOFA) plans, I was head of the University South neighborhood group when
we did that. We had a very extensive process that was a multi-stakeholder
process, which included about half of the positions in the stakeholder group
really being representatives of the neighborhood interests and half being a
variety of other interests. There were affordable housing folks and there
were daycare representatives, and there were adjacent business
representatives. It was a multi-stakeholder group. Through that process,
we worked through a bunch of issues, and we came to not only compromises
                                                                       Page 12 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/28/16
