                         TRANSCRIPT
people who bicycle to work and you talk about all the reasons they bike and
you're thinking air quality and exercise and all that, the number one reason
people bike to work is because it's fun. Once you get somebody on a bike,
they stick with it. Similarly, when you get somebody into a carpool and they
realize the cost savings of that and having some camaraderie on their
commute, there's benefits there. When you get somebody onto transit and
they realize that they can be productive during that time or they can relax.
These things have such benefits that once you get people in there, the vast
majority of them will stick with those options.

Council Member Holman: Are you going to make riding the shuttle fun?

Ms. Jarvis: We're going to make it as fun as it can be.

Council Member Holman: Just to reach a little bit broader here. I know this
is focused on the Stanford Research Park. Are you looking also at any
efficiencies that may be at hand in cooperating and coordinating with
medical center, Stanford main campus or maybe even any employers in
Mountain View or does that kind of cause your program to fall apart because
it becomes less measureable?        There's a balance here between being
efficient and practical versus measureable maybe.

Ms. Griego: There's certainly a primary objective to meet the needs of our
specific employees in the Research Park as articulated to us by them but
also by their employers. Really we need to make sure we stay focused on
delivering effective solutions for this population and for these specific
employers. I think dilution could be the enemy of the good here and the
enemy of progress, so we want to make sure we do our very best and
deploy our funds in a way that achieves actual efficacy here. That's what
this group is motivated to do.        Who knows what kind of fantastic
brainstorming or other potential options could form partnerships elsewhere.
We do have a mindset of partnership, but right now we're focused on our
group and our specific employees and understanding them and then offering
what we think might be most effective for them.

Council Member Holman: That makes perfect sense, but it was begging the
question as well. I think my last question is how are you going to engage
the smaller employers. At what stage will you be engaging those smaller
employers?

Ms. Jarvis: It was interesting. As we said the top 12 employers account for
75 percent of our employment. That means there's about 130 other
employers that we need to work with. The Eco Pass was a really good
inroad for them, because most of our smaller companies could not afford
that program at the price. We were able to offer them that at basically the
                                                                      Page 25 of 99
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 3/14/16
