                          TRANSCRIPT
need a parking spot. Obviously some of your neighbors are fairly friendly
about the whole parking thing. I said, "No thanks. I'm actually trying to get
through the neighborhood." It's a little difficult; you have to weave around
to get to Sven's house. There's always been some parking there. I'm very
concerned that if we just annex you into College Terrace that we won't have
that stakeholder engagement process. The other thing I'm concerned about
is we did set up an overall process. We all voted on it. I think it's important
that we follow that process. If we're not going to follow that process, then
we should do away with it. I think we should follow that process especially
in Evergreen. I do think we need to get Evergreen done as quickly as
possible. I'm going to push back against you a little bit, David. One of the
great things about knowing David is you get to go have tea at his house.
That's one of the great things I've really enjoyed about doing that. I don't
recall in 2009 when I ran you asking for RPP. I know you didn't, and I don't
recall it in 2014 frankly. I don't feel it's really fair to say to us up here that
we've been ignoring the situation. We've now set up this process; we're
having the hearing tonight. We're moving forward on it; we recognize it.
Could we have done this six months earlier? I think we probably could have.
In the scheme of things, it hasn't been 10 years that we've sat up here and
done nothing. It hasn't been the last seven years. You haven't asked me
for it for that long That's my impression of it. Yes, we do need RPP. I do
want to get it done. On the other hand, we do need to take care a little bit
of the merchants. We do need to ask ourselves where they're going to park,
how are we going to get this done. We are going to build a new parking
garage. I think we should build that parking garage bigger and even move
parking out of Evergreen. I do think there has to be some level—I actually
don't think it's necessary for office workers to park in Evergreen. I think the
speaker was correct; these are small businesses with people who drive in
from other places and they need a place to park. I think some of that
parking—I think that's what the stakeholder process is. How much of that
parking so that you get down, so that you can park in front of your house,
that you clear out the parking like we have Downtown. When I now go
Downtown, there's parking spaces. People can park in front of their house.
What we need to do is create that quality of life and move it back to the way
it was 10 years ago. That's sort of what I'm thinking. I don't know the
answers to these questions, but I think it's going through that stakeholder
process. We should expedite that process, get this done as quickly as
possible. I don't think we should just annex you in and not think about how
we're going to do this process and the effect on California Avenue, which
could be dramatic for the merchants. One of the things we really want to do
is preserve that retail, preserve those shoe stores. The people that work
there, they need a place to park. That's my initial thoughts on that. I
actually don't know what to do about Crescent Park. If the person from
Crescent Park said annex me into the Downtown one with the rules or
                                                                          Page 95 of 124
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/9/16
