                          TRANSCRIPT
behavior, as likely to vote in this November's election. The surveys were
done on both landline and wireless phones. We repeated a number of
questions that we asked in previous survey work that we've done for the
City in 2008 and 2013 in advance of infrastructure bond measure campaigns
to see how public opinion has evolved over time and some key perceptions
of City government. I am very pleased to report that the public's attitudes
toward both the quality of life in the City and the performance of City
government are extremely positive. One of the first questions we asked in
the survey offered our respondents a list of issues facing the City of Palo Alto
and asked the respondents to rate each as either an extremely, very,
somewhat or not a serious problem. We've ranked them here by the
proportion that rated them either extremely or very serious, the top two
points on that scale. Those numbers are running down the right-hand side.
In what is probably a surprise to none of you, the top issue far and away in
the community is the cost of housing with almost half of local voters rating
that an extremely serious problem, three-quarters at least very serious. It's
then a significant drop-off to the second-ranked item on the list which is
drought conditions in California. For most of the last two or three years,
that has been the top polling problem statewide; although, it has receded in
the last few months since we had some rain this winter. Then, we get down
to transportation issues, which rank as the third and fourth top problems in
the City. A slim majority, 53 percent rates traffic and congestion on local
streets and roads as a very serious problem. 37 percent say the same for a
lack of parking in commercial districts. Once we move beyond that level of
concerns, there is no other major issue that even one-third of local residents
rate as a very serious problem in the City. This includes, as we move to the
next slide, the amount people pay in taxes, waste and inefficiency in local
government, and the condition of the local economy. Fewer than one in five
rate any of those issues as a very serious problem, and each of those
obviously is good news when you're talking about the potential for putting a
revenue measure before voters, as it suggests they have some confidence in
City government's management of money and relatively low level of concern
about current levels of taxation. Now we also asked a few more questions
about the performance of City government including one that we've asked
going back to 2008, where we asked people to rate the overall job being
done by City government in providing services. As you'll see here, the
numbers have been strikingly consistent over the last decade. Roughly 7 in
10 consistently rate the City's performance as either excellent or good, with
only about 1 in 20 rating it as poor. These are very positive ratings, I can
tell you from doing this kind of research around California. It is hard to find
people who will rate government's performance in any sphere at any level as
excellent these days. You shouldn't be discouraged by the relatively small
size of the dark green bars. The ratio of the positive to the negative has
been consistently high here in Palo Alto. Secondly, when we broke down the
                                                                        Page 105 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
