                          TRANSCRIPT
then you, Amy. Following Amy is Shani, Doria and then Alex, who will be
our last speaker.

Annette Glanckopf, CAC Member: Good evening, everyone. I think the real
issue that we're looking at with the Comp. Plan which everyone has touched
on, so you'll see a lot of similarities, is our vision of the City. Do we want to
keep it really a small community, very urban or do want to have the City
become a big City? My preference obviously is with the former, but I do
believe when we look at these scenarios, we should do something sort of in
the middle and a hybrid solution.            The comments about data-driven
planning, I really resonate with. The focus tonight seems to be on the
elements of the Comp. Plan that we've looked at. There's lots more there to
come, that we haven't even touched on, business, safety, environment,
etcetera. This is sort of front-loaded. Most of you know that I like to think
about things before I just come up and make some off-the-cuff comments,
and I'm never going to be as eloquent as Hamilton and maybe Elaine. Just a
couple of comments on what you said. I think one of the real issues among
everything else is the issue of housing. Actually I think it should be a
Council Priority. That's driven people to Council in absolute droves. My own
preference is we should try something really different than other cities have
done, build housing for a specific population like public employees, like
teachers. We have never managed to make that happen. I know it's really
a challenge. I think that would alleviate a lot of the housing. We're never
going to have enough housing; I absolutely believe we'll never have the
right housing. It's all driven by economics, that's why people are leaving the
City, and we can't really do that much about it.               Unfortunately, the
economics have forced diversity out of our City. I also support new forms of
housing, and I know we'll talk a lot about that. This is really an area to me
that has a potential for unintended consequences, more density, more cars,
more people in second units, more noise. I'm really concerned with second
units, especially in lot size. This is just a real vehicle for Airbnb. Maybe you
disagree with me, and I know that's coming up for Council. Hopefully we'll
be able to address that. Arts, the soul of the City. That is something that
has really always been one of my priorities. I think that there's going to be
a lot coming out in the Art Master Plan. I would like to see a lot more detail
there. I really appreciate the comment on flexibility that Council Member
Scharff said. For me, when I look at what we've done so far, I see many of
the policies and programs should be—they look more to me like Action
Items, which means they're not flexible, they're not high level. I would like
to see a much more general comment rather than the discrete, Action-level
Items. I've mentioned that before. Just my final comment that addresses
something that was asked, I believe, by Council Member Wolbach. I would
like to see a lot more discussion, even though the process keeps changing.
Maybe this will happen in the subcommittees. We've all shared our views,
                                                                              Page 70 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
