                          TRANSCRIPT
storing their inventory of cars offsite over in Fremont. They were storing
them onsite. Where is the storage? Is it just the rooftop? Is that what
they're saying? The new car storage.

Mr. Ah Sing: Those plans haven't really been vetted out completely, but the
applicant can describe a little further what their operations will be like. What
they've submitted to us is that the rooftop and some onsite at the ground
level would be for their inventory.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I'll hold off on my questions for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate the line of questioning from Council
Member Burt. I also have the same question, same query and same
concerns. A question for Staff is—I guess this goes to findings. I'm sitting
here having a confluence of feelings about this. As anybody knows that
watches my comments over the years, it's like I'm really wanting Code
compliance, and I do want Code compliance. I will not deviate from that this
evening. At the same time, I think what one of the struggles is this evening
is that we have an artifact of zoning, CS, that in my opinion never should
have happened for a hotel that didn't happen. Even that zoning should
never have happened. Again in my opinion, this is spot zoning. It should
have been a PC for the hotel, and then we would have greater control for
this project as the automobile dealerships are also PCs. I'm having empathy
for the applicant on this, which will not cause me to not carry out my
responsibilities as a Council Member. I'm having empathy for that. I'm
having a hard time understanding how the findings can be made that this
building is compatible and satisfies the context-based design criteria when
there are statements in the Staff Report that—and statements made tonight
about how the tallest building is 35 feet and the building next door is 27 or
27 1/2 feet.      If you look at the context and the plans, I just don't
understand—I mean, we've had conversation many times at the Council
level that zoning isn't up to, not an assured or guaranteed right. I guess
even though CS allows up to 50 feet, why are we granting 50 feet—I guess
because somehow or other it was determined that it was satisfying the
findings. I'm finding that as not being the case. Help me understand how
the Staff and other bodies got to this satisfying the findings of context-based
design.

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Council Member Holman. The findings, Staff has those
laid out in the Record of Land Use Action, which I think is Attachment A to
the Staff Report. There's a number of things that come into play here. One
                                                                           Page 115 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
