                          TRANSCRIPT
evening. There you have it; that's the procedure. City Manager Jim Keene
is also conflicted and will need to leave the room also because of real
property interest in his personal residence within the district. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Since I'm a new addition to this conflict, I will clarify that it is
because my residence is within approximately 490 feet of the expanded
area, and there is a line of 500 feet. That's the rule. In any event, we need
to go forward with this process of the drawing straws at this time. Is that
the next step?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Yes. We can draw the straws. We have all five
names on pieces of paper, and we're going to put them into the hat, and
then I'll draw the name of the person who will be staying.

Mayor Burt: Let's do it. Just while we're waiting so that the public also
understands that even though only five Council Members will be permitted to
participate, it requires five Council Members voting in favor of the ordinance
for it to pass. It would have to have unanimous support of the remaining
Council Members who are allowed to participate.

Ms. Minor: Council Member Filseth's name has been pulled from the hat.

Mayor Burt: We don't get to pull our own names. I will ask Council Member
Schmid to chair the remainder of the meeting. I'm sorry. I had been
asked—because the Council Members who are conflicted will not be staying
around necessarily to the end, we have Council Member Questions and
Comments. If it's all right, we'll take a brief moment to do that. Interrupt
this item and then return to it.

At this time Council heard Council Member Questions, Comments and
Announcements.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to tell everyone that the Assembly
Speaker appointed a new committee on Bay Area Regional Planning. That'll
address the planned merger of ABAG and MTC, the lack of affordable
housing, the environment, transportation and other regional issues. I think
we should actually watch what goes on in that committee, because that
could be frankly a threat to local control. I think we should ask Staff at
some point to start monitoring that or Council Member Berman since he's up
there every week as far as I can tell.


                                                                         Page 76 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
