                         TRANSCRIPT
recommendation, because I do support raising the minimum wage to $15 an
hour as quickly as possible. I'd made a Motion to do it faster that didn't
have support on Policy and Services (P&S).

Mayor Burt: Does that cover it well enough?

Mr. Ramberg: Mr. Mayor, if I could respond real quick?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Ramberg: Council Member Wolbach, the minimum wage in Sunnyvale
and Mountain View will increase to $15 on January 1st, 2018.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Has Menlo Park taken this up?

Mr. Ramberg: I have not seen that Menlo Park has taken this up formally at
least.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. In terms of the taking up, I don't know if you
know, but Cupertino passed this very recently. They passed the Cities
Association. I think most of the cities except Milpitas and Gilroy are
planning on not taking it up, but everyone else said they were. Do you
know the status of anywhere else?

Mr. Ramberg: By my check today, I did see the Cupertino—I thought it was
to be scheduled. Thank you for confirming that. San Jose is at $10.30.
Palo Alto, Mountain View, Sunnyvale, we talked about. Los Altos we talked
about. Cupertino, and I think that's ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: San Jose has represented that they're taking this up
and going to move towards the Cities Association.

Mr. Ramberg: I think they have, yeah, but they're still at $10.30 right now,
and I don't believe there's been a decision yet. The rest are at the State
minimum wage presently.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Everyone from Santa Clara has represented that they're
moving towards the Cities Association. The other question I was going to
ask you is—at least at the Cities Association meeting, both Mountain View
and Sunnyvale represented that what they were going to do in 2018, after
they go to $15, is amend their Ordinance to not do the CPI increase, so that
everyone is at 2019 at the same thing. I didn't see that on there. I don't
know if you'd followed up on that or seen anything on that.

                                                                     Page 67 of 100
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/26/16
