                          TRANSCRIPT
laptops and smart phones, and use data to completely change the game
around a really difficult problem to solve. That's the sort of theme this
evening that I want to talk about, and one of the themes we're seeing in
local governments and governments around the U.S. and around the world.
I want to talk about this topic real briefly called open data. I'm pretty
confident you've heard the term in your travels and probably heard it here at
the City more than once. Open data ultimately is a responsibility that cities
are now living up to, to make the data that they store on behalf of their
communities available to their communities. This data, by the way, is not
secure data or regulated data. This is the public data that everybody should
have easily accessible to them. The one thing that cities have in absolute
abundance is data. In a world of constraints, we have enormous volumes of
data here in Palo Alto, in the cities around here and at public agencies across
the world. One of the things about open data is a couple of definitions that
are important. The data should be in its most basic format, available to
everybody, and it should be machine consumable. That's a very fancy term
for meaning that computers can use the data easily. You can import it into
analysis programs and import it into financial programs and into
applications. Here at the City of Palo Alto, we've embraced open data now
for almost four years. We have a lot of different types of data. Just this
slide illustrates sort of three different types of data sets that we make
available to our community.          We have a rich set of our geospatial
information. This is everything about our roads and our streets and our
signage and our pipes and all sorts of things that make up the infrastructure
of the City. We've a whole lot of core data I'll talk about in a second. We
also have an open data budgeting platform which today contains five years
of budgeted and actual data available to anyone who wants it. It's in a
format that's highly accessible. It's in the form of visualizations, but also in
a basic form that people can import in Microsoft Excel. If they want to do
their own analysis, they're now empowered to do it. Our open data work
has been recognized around the world in many different forums, including a
number of awards. Our financial data program, which we call Open Budget,
has won a couple of awards with the Government Financial Officers
Association. Our Colleagues in Administrative Services Department (ASD),
under Lalo Perez's leadership, has done great work. What is this open data?
If you go to our website from any device anywhere in the world, at
data.cityofpaloalto.org, which I have up on the screen, you can see we have
quite a different set of data. We have multiple decades of library data that,
if you so choose to evaluate and analyze, you can access right now. Anyone
in the world can do that.           We have information about emergency
preparedness and energy and crime. All of our Business Registry data that's
public is available right now. One of the areas of great interest is all of the
City's employees' salaries are easily accessible and made available each year
on our open data platform. As an example just to kind of put substance
                                                                          Page 5 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
