                         TRANSCRIPT
responsibility for your own shots. Developing confidence takes time and
requires the discipline of perseverance. In 1925, Bobby Jones lost the U.S.
Open because he called a penalty on himself, insisting that he caused the
ball to move. I'm amazed to learn that Seth Curry loves golf and plays golf
in between NBA games. Basically, I'm saying that golf is more than a game.
I understand that in 2015, the National Golf Foundation conducted a
comprehensive review of golf participation among the millennial generation.
As you move the reconfiguration project forward by approving the contract, I
believe you also offer our Palo Alto youth 18 years and younger the
opportunity to experience lifelong rewards and core values that will
transcend well beyond their high school and college years. I thank you for
that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Craig Allen. Welcome.

Craig Allen: Mr. Mayor, Council. Mr. Mayor particularly, it's nice to see
who's still here since 2012 when we thought we had done this. It's been a
long road. Certainly I want to first express my appreciation for Rob and the
Staff who have gone through hell. Seriously they have. My appreciation for
Forrest Richardson who worked long and hard with the community on this
design. I know Mayor Burt was the major proponent of doing the whole
thing. I hope we do the whole thing. I hope we get this going now. I will
say that I've been playing golf since I was 12. I was a rules official for 16
years. Golf is important to me, even though the ball doesn't seem to go
very far. Anyway, I wish you would approve this now and get the grass
growing on our new, wonderful course. By the way, I think this course will
so outshine the other neighboring courses that we'll be beating people back.
Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Back in sequence again. Thank you to Staff
especially for the report, but especially to the two people who spoke. You've
waited a long time. Your story was very moving about your son. Is it
Mr. Craig, the other person who spoke? I may have your name wrong.

Mayor Burt: No, Mr. Allen.

Council Member Kniss: Mr. Allen, it's been a while. It's been quite a while.
I'm particularly glad to move this. I don't play golf; I have lots of friends
who play golf. This has been the topic of conversation for several years
now, and not always an attractive conversation. Being able to pass this
                                                                     Page 107 of 116
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/20/16
