                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I think that if we're talking about 10 percent a year,
we're really not talking about that per year. We still have permits available
right now as we sit here. Somebody can apply for a permit and get it.
Sorry?

Ms. Gitelman: There are currently garage permits available, and there are
RPP employee permits available.

Council Member Kniss:       A much harder question.   How many of our
employers, do you think, are purchasing permits for their employees? Do
we have any data on that whatsoever?         Is it usually just generous
employees who do it or have we gone door to door and encouraged them do
it? What has been our process? Do we just hope out of the goodness of
their heart they'll buy them?

Ms. Gitelman: We do have that data. We don't have it with us today. We'd
be happy to get back to you on some estimate of the number of ...

Council Member Kniss: It would help, probably not for today's decision. I
think long term, it would help to know how much support is there for
particularly the low-income worker in that case. Time's up. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you very much. First a quick question. Did
you say that within the structure of the Ordinance there is some flexibility to
go back afterwards and sort of massage a little bit whether there are
exemptions and ...

Council Member Kniss: The word adjustment.

Council Member Filseth: ... adjustments and so forth? Did you say that?

Council Member Kniss: Yeah, you did. You said it right at the beginning.

Ms. Gitelman: The Resolution currently lays out the kinds of permits that we
would give. If the Council would want to include a special something to
address the Addison school, we could put it in there, but we would
affirmatively identify this in the Resolution.

Council Member Filseth: That's the kind of thing we should discuss tonight
or could it be added after the fact?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. We'd have to bring the Resolution back. We always
could. A Resolution doesn't require two readings like an Ordinance, but it
would be noticed, agendized.
                                                                         Page 44 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
