                         TRANSCRIPT
sales, Phase 2 of the Downtown RPP has gotten off to a good start. Three
thousand eight hundred thirty-nine resident annual permits have been
distributed to date; that's 2,980 decals and 859 hangtags. One thousand
two hundred thirty-four employee annual permits have been sold; that's 821
employee decals and 413 employer hangtags. Our contractor started issuing
citations for Phase 2 violations on April 18th. Citation issuance, so far, has
been on par with the first several weeks of Phase 1. Enforcement officers
are citing and providing information while working their zones. The first
data collection effort for Phase 2 is scheduled for May 19th. The onsite RPP
Customer Service Manager ended his presence at City Hall last Friday. Our
contractor still has staff dedicated to providing customer service via phone
and email on an ongoing basis. Customers may visit the City's parking
website for more information. On April 23rd, the City with support from Alta
Planning and Design held a tactical urbanism event called "Greenway for a
Day" along Matadero Creek channel between Waverley Street and Cowper
Street. The event was advertised through direct mailers to all properties
within 1,000 feet of the creek channel, posted on social media, press
releases and direct emails to neighborhood organizations.          The event
attracted about 250 people who visited Hoover Park and walked or biked
through the neighborhood. I can't remember; I think the Mayor was able to
make it by there and maybe other Council Members. A table with photo
simulation information on the challenges and opportunities along the creek
channel and comment cards were set up.               The Midtown Residents
Association set up adjacent tables to distribute information regarding their
concerns around the safety and the feasibility of the Midtown connector
project. We received a total of 112 comment cards through the day. As
directed by Council, Staff and Alta Planning and Design are finalizing the
draft of the feasibility study looking at a hybrid and an on-road option as
well as separated bikeways along Loma Verde and East/West Meadow Drive.
The next meeting of the Midtown Connector Citizen Advisory Committee is
scheduled for May 17th at Lucie Stern Community Center. Staff and the
consultant will also be attending the Midtown Residents Association meeting
on May19th to answer questions. Last but not least, I did want to share with
the Council as a whole, this morning I attended a session at Stanford
University sponsored by the School of Public Policy, the Bill Lane Center for
the American West and the Precourt Energy Institute with City Managers and
transportation staff from up and down the Peninsula, from Daly City down
into Santa Clara. Really a third annual session we've had on regional policy
issues. This one was called "Moving on Mobility: First and Last Mile
Solutions in the Transportation Problem." One of the final results at that
session was a manager's mobility partnership that the City Managers of
Menlo Park, Mountain View, Palo Alto, myself, and Redwood City and the
Senior Associate Vice President at Stanford University agreed to work jointly
to address transportation and mobility challenges facing the region in the
                                                                       Page 18 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
