                         TRANSCRIPT
filed an application for the proposed project. The site, which is currently
home to the Olive Garden, is approximately 40,000 square feet. It is
bounded by Sherman and Grant Avenues.             The applicant proposes to
demolish the existing restaurant and construct a new three-story, mixed-use
building. About half of the building is proposed to be dedicated toward
housing. The applicant is proposing surface parking on—a surface parking
lot as well as one level of subterranean garage. The map before you is an
aerial map. You see a red line that surrounds the property. You'll notice
that this is a split-zoned parcel with CN zoning adjacent to El Camino Real
and CC(2) zoning fronting on Sherman. This is a site plan of the proposed
project, El Camino at the bottom of the screen. The development is oriented
toward El Camino. All of the buildings are located in the CN portion of the
lot. This property also has a portion of the lot included in the California
Avenue Parking Assessment District. That is shown by the red boxed area
overlaid on the site plan. The California Assessment Parking District has a
different zoning standard than other parts of the City, not including
Downtown. When assessing or evaluating the parking requirements, we
look to where those uses are relative to that site boundary, and that's how
we determine the maximum floor area. This is the applicant's rendering of
the proposed project as viewed from El Camino at the corner of Sherman.
The applicant is requesting various entitlements. The site and design
application that's before the City Council tonight is the reason why this item
is actually before the Council. There are other applications including the
architectural review, the conditional use permit which is discussed in the
Staff Report, and as noted there's the parking reduction of four spaces based
on a shared parking study that's included in one of the attachments to the
Staff Report. The project is subject to two interim ordinances. The Citywide
Interim Retail Ordinance requires a comparable replacement to the
restaurant square footage that's there today. The applicant is meeting that
standard by proposing the retail and the amount that's proposed on the
ground floor. The project is also subject to the office cap in that to go
forward with the development an action on the project needs to take place
before June 30th of this year; otherwise, it carries over to the next review
cycle. The Architectural Review Board and the Planning and Transportation
Commission both reviewed the project; they both recommended approval.
Their findings and comments have been included in the Staff Report. We've
also included the verbatim minutes in the Staff Report as well. Finally,
we've prepared a Mitigated Negative Declaration to support the project; that
is before the Council as well this evening for adoption. Our consultant is
here as well to answer any questions related to the environmental analysis.
That concludes Staff's report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll return to the Council for any technical
questions, and then hear from members of the public before having a
                                                                       Page 15 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
