                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Doesn't have a number of units per acre?

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. Dwelling units per acre, but it has ...

Mayor Burt: What's the 50?

Mr. Lait: Let's take a look at our standards here.

Mayor Burt: I think that's what the 50 refers to. No. Really?

Mr. Lait: While that's being checked out, I believe that the RT-50 doesn't
have a limit on dwelling units, but we achieve it through FAR and setbacks to
get at the form of the building as opposed to the density.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now, I have two more lights from colleagues,
Council Member Berman and then Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Berman: Just a quick question for the applicant on timing.
This is all kind of a guess. If you were to receive positive feedback tonight
and decide to move forward with the project and get your entitlements in a
fairly quick manner, when do you think this project would be built?

Mr. Spieker: The construction timeline?

Council Member Berman:         Sure.    As we're talking about different
transportation technology and all these types of things, which are changing
monthly, I'm wondering when will you actually have people moving in here.
I'm kind of mentally trying to think of where we'll be on a transportation
front by three years from now when the project's actually built.

Mr. Spieker: I would say if there was a vote and it was approved, we'd be
ready for occupancy within 18 months. That would ...

Council Member Berman: Once you get approval.

Mr. Spieker: Once we get approval, it'd be 18 months from that.             That
would include ...

Council Member Berman: It'll be a total of seven years. No, just kidding.

Mr. Spieker: I almost had a heart attack.

Council Member Berman: That's helpful. Two and half, three years-ish,
something like that, maybe less, hopefully less.

Mr. Spieker: Yeah.

                                                                      Page 17 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/12/16
