                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
adopt a Resolution ordering the abatement of weed nuisances in the City of
Palo Alto.

Mayor Burt: Did you wish to speak to that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt: I'll just state for the record, the Staff recommends that the
Council hold a Public Hearing, which we have done, and consider objections
of which we have none to the proposed destruction and removal of weeds
and adoption of the attached resolution, Attachment A, ordering the
abatement of weed nuisances in the City of Palo Alto. This is an annual
action that the City is required to take. Correct? Yes. All those in favor.
That passes unanimously with Council Members DuBois and Berman out of
the room at the moment.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, DuBois not participating

21.   PUBLIC HEARING: Approval of a Record of Land Use Action for a
      Variance to Allow for a Reduction in the Required Front Setback
      (Contextual) From 37 Feet 1-1/4 Inches to 32 Feet for a new Two-
      Story Single Family Residence Located at 224 Churchill Avenue.
      Exempt From California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to Item No. 21, which is a Public Hearing
on the approval of a Record of Land Use Action for a variance to allow a
reduction in the required front setback, a contextual setback, from 37 feet 1
1/4 inches to 32 feet, for a new two-story, single-family residence located at
224 Churchill Avenue. This item is exempt from CEQA consideration. Mr.
Lait.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor Burt. Good evening, City Council Members. As stated,
you're considering an appeal of a variance for a new single-family home that
is proposed to be constructed at 224 Churchill.            The property is
approximately 13,000 square feet, 100 x 130. It contains about 4,600
square feet on the first two levels, and a 1,700-square-foot basement. The
applicant has received approval for an Individual Review, which was a Code-
compliant project, compliant with all the setbacks, and concurrently had
requested a variance application to encroach into the contextual setback five
feet, to go from roughly 37 to 32 feet. The Director considered the variance
request and made a determination of denial. That decision was appealed. A
request for a hearing was held before the Planning and Transportation
Commission. The Commission found otherwise and made a recommendation
                                                                        Page 24 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
