                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Wolbach not participating, DuBois absent

Action Items

9.    PUBLIC HEARING: Proposition 218 Storm Water Management Fee
      Protest Hearing; Resolution 9635 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Calling a Mail Ballot Election for April 11, 2017 to
      Submit a Storm Water Management Fee to Owners of Parcels of Real
      Property Subject to the Fee;” and Resolution 9636 Entitled,
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Utility Rule
      and Regulation 25.”

Mayor Burt: Our next item is an Action Item, Item Number 9. This is the
Proposition 218 Storm Water Management Fee Protest Hearing and approval
of a Resolution calling for a mail ballot election on April 11, 2017 to submit a
storm water management fee to owners of parcels of real property subject
to the fee and a resolution amending Utility Rule Number 25. Because of the
formality of this, I am required to read an actual resolution at what point in
time? Remind me. When shall I read the resolution? There's my script.
Now? Here goes. Tonight we will hold a public hearing on the proposed
storm water management fee. Does Staff have a presentation? That's part
of the script? Thank you. I could have done that part.

Male: Actually we have no presentation. You may continue.

Mayor Burt: No further presentation. I now open the floor for testimony
from the public. Before we begin this phase of the public hearing, the City
Attorney will provide some procedural background regarding this hearing.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: My Staff wrote this out for me too, just so I get
it right. On August 29th of this year, City Council initiated proceedings to
adopt the proposed storm water management fee as a replacement for the
existing fee. At that time, the Council also called tonight's protest hearing
and adopted procedures that are called Procedures for the Conduct of
Protest Hearing and Mail Ballot Election in Connection with Proposed Storm
Water Management Fee. A catchy title. Those procedures govern tonight's
hearing and were designed to comply with the requirements of the California
Constitution, commonly referred to as Prop 218. Prop 218 was adopted by
voters in 1996, and it sets forth a fairly complex set of rules that local
governments must follow before increasing property-related fees. Notice of
tonight's hearing was mailed to effected property owners on September 9th
of this year. As required by the procedures that the Council adopted, the
City Clerk has been accepting written protests against the proposed fee from
effected property owners. The Clerk will continue to accept written protests
this evening until the close of the public input section of this hearing, which
                                                                         Page 45 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
