                          TRANSCRIPT
thanks very much to Staff doing this.     It's a lot of work, but I think it's
important to how we manage our City.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Thank you for bringing this forward.
Also to Council Member Filseth for putting together these charts. I have just
a few questions. One comports with Council Member DuBois' having to do
with the Business Tax, having to do with the transportation impacts. On
slide 9, what is intended by the second bullet there, one-time adjustments
to '16 adopted budget, Animal Shelter, Fry's Master Plan, University Avenue,
Infrastructure? I'm not quite sure I'm understanding that you're meaning by
those.

Ms. Nose: These are actions that were approved as part of the '16 adopted
budget, but they were only approved for a one year timeframe. You guys
have said, "We'll fund this through Fiscal Year '16, but that's it." There were
no ongoing costs. As part of the Forecast, we go through and pull out
anything that was approved one-time. We norm the '16 adopted budget.

Council Member Holman: If there's something like the Fry's Master Plan that
we haven't actually commenced work on, that would just roll forward.

Ms. Nose: Correct.

Council Member Holman: On Slide 11, that's where the transportation costs
are. One thing I didn't see—I'm loathe to bring this up, but I think I
should—is the golf course.

Mr. Perez: You're right. We lumped it up with the infrastructure, the first
one, the capital expenses. To give you a quick update, we anticipate—we
had a little bit of the language in the report. Staff is going to come to you
before your break with an update including the status of the permit process.
We're working on updating the costs since we have a sense of the estimated
costs and also the business plan that was prepared. Both of these were
prepared in 2012. We're working on getting all of those updated to come to
you and give you an update.

Council Member Holman: Airbnb was mentioned too. How is that collected?
Does Airbnb just write a check to the City?

Mr. Perez: Yes.




                                                                        Page 89 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
