                          TRANSCRIPT
to be giving basement dewatering construction permits this summer and in
the fall to be utilized thereafter? Are those amendable based on any
findings that we come up with or charges that we come up with? Is that a
Council discretionary action that applicants should be aware of?

Mr. Bobel: With respect to the impacts, we're requiring those now prior to
permit issuance, and we'll continue to do that. With respect to the fee, if we
implement a fee program, then that would be applicable on whatever
effective date you establish

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks again for the report as well as a great list
of recommendations. I had a couple of questions. We're splitting this fee
into essentially two fees. Would the mail-in ballot measure need to have
those separate? Will they be separate fees on the ballot?

Mr. Teresi: I might defer to the City Attorney, but I don't think they would
be separate fees. I think it would need to be made clear that a portion of
the fee would sunset and a portion would not. I don't know that it would
need to be cited as two separate fees.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: I agree with that. We'll have to look at the
exact format of the ballot. I agree with Mr. Teresi that we just need to make
clear to property owners that one is an ongoing fee and the other will
sunset.

Council Member DuBois: I don't think we want to be in a situation where
one passed and one didn't. Are we able to highlight on the ballot that it's
essentially a 60 cent increase overall? Again, you split it, so it may look a
little large as a separate fee, but it's not that big of a change from where we
are today.

Ms. Stump: I think that the timeframe that the Staff went over will allow us
to come back to Council with some more specifics as to what the ballot
would actually look like. We haven't quite gotten that far. The Staff's
working with the Blue Ribbon Committee in putting together the various
projects and coming with this set of substantive recommendations. I think
that is our next item to work on.

Mr. Teresi: If you wanted to see that ballot that was used in 2005, it's in
your Packet. It's relatively short and concise.


                                                                         Page 22 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
