                          TRANSCRIPT
don't know whether you or others who bike this—I bike it a lot. I'm trying to
now think through with the improvements that you're going to do on the
other side, does that reduce my need for a two-way in this section enough?
I'm not sure.

Mr. Mello: I ride that quite a bit as well. Right now, coming out of Stanford
crossing the south leg of that intersection is extremely hairy. There's lots of
right-turning vehicles. The existing pork chop island is very difficult to
navigate on a bike, and there's lots of poles. You have to go way out of your
way. All of that will be ...

Mayor Burt: I'm meaning even east of the underpass. East of Alma is what
I'm kind of concentrating on. I know you've got west of Alma greatly
improved. I'm talking about east of Alma. Right now, people don't ride it
very much because it is just so bad, and trying to hook up to Bryant is
almost impossible.

Mr. Mello: I don't think Alternative 1 works without that connection between
Emerson and Bryant that's not shown on this plan in front of the school.

Mayor Burt: I'm talking about once again east of Bryant.

Mr. Mello: Yeah, east of Bryant. I don't think that Alternative 1 works
unless we can get all the way to Bryant. What's shown on here is the
eastbound cycle track ending at Emerson and leaving you with no way to get
to Bryant without basically backtracking on Kingsley. I can pull it up on
here.

Mayor Burt: I'm good with the—I don't think we need two-ways on the
south side of Embarcadero from the underpass to Bryant or to Emerson. I'm
saying on the north side is really the challenge, whether your improvements
on the south side solve the problem well enough that we don't need two-
ways on the north side.

Mr. Mello: That would be the goal. It would really depend on how easy that
connection to Bryant is. We don't want people to feel like they're riding
along a sidewalk on an arterial street. We'd want to make that really
comfortable.

Mayor Burt: Is this hybrid of just using the—if we only took from Alternative
2 and used that for the north side of El Camino between the underpass and
Emerson, would that be a big problem?




                                                                        Page 76 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
