                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Would it be possible this evening or prior to
November 8th to have an emergency Ordinance amended to include a
sunset?

Ms. Stump: You could sunset two different ways. You could pass an
Ordinance and direct Staff to come back or you could put sunset language
actually in the Ordinance. I think what I would recommend, because an
emergency Ordinance doesn't have a second reading—with a second reading
you have the ability to make small changes and give the public notice, and it
comes back.        Even though this is a relatively minor Ordinance, the
suggestion you're making would reduce the impact of the regulation. I don't
really think it's a Brown Act violation, but I think what I would prefer to do,
given that it is already an expedited and extraordinary procedure—if the
Council wanted to put a sunset date into the language of the Ordinance
itself, you would direct us to do that, and we'd come back on the 7th and
just put that on your Consent Calendar with that language there. Then, the
public would at least have notice exactly what the Council is intending to do.
Does that make sense?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes, that does. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Cory got to some of the questions I had. The State law
allows some cultivation indoors, up to six plants, and an unlimited number
outside of the ...

Mayor Burt: Not yet.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If it passes. I'm assuming it passes. An unlimited
number outside. Do we allow people to set up stills in their house? I'm
wondering why—assuming marijuana becomes legal, I would assume most
people would buy it.     Since it wasn't legal, people used to grow it
surreptitiously. I'm wondering why we think it's a good thing or what the
policy would be behind that. That's sort of the question to me. Should we
allow people to grow it? Why should we allow them to grow it as opposed to
just buying it? Those questions, if we were to change this Ordinance—I
don't know. You probably don't have the information on that. If anyone
knew that question, I want to know if we allow stills basically. How do we
treat ...

Ms. Stump: It's definitely outside of my job classification to go to the why
behind Prop 64 and all its various ...


                                                                        Page 79 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
