                           TRANSCRIPT
intensity of use, that we look at what the impact might be on the facility or
some kind of limited increase in access. It's really a preserve from my
perspective. That's it for me. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss:        I'm delighted Council Member Holman just
mentioned the Foothill preserve aspect. There are few issues that get our
residents more exercised, Cory, than Foothill Park. It is just what the Mayor
spoke about. It was offered to everyone, at least as I have read about it.
Apparently there was some bitter feelings as a result of not getting any
support from other communities. That has persisted obviously through the
years. A couple of things have changed. I've often thought of it as sort of a
Prop 13 kind of thing. It sounds so easy, but try to change it. After the
bought the Arastradero (sic) property which is on Arastradero Road, we then
made it possible to have a foot path from Arastradero through Foothill Park.
When Pat asked earlier about how do you get from here to the sea, there
actually is a way to do that. Also during the week, almost anyone can go
into Foothill Park. There's nobody at the gate. In good part, I think we cut
back on that a long time ago because of the cost. Am I right? If you go up
there during the week, there's ...

Male: That was a secret.

Council Member Kniss: That's a secret. There are many ways to access it,
and you can always walk in. There's no question, you can walk in. As far as
I know, you can bike in during the week for sure. I would agree with Karen,
this has a preserve feeling to it rather than a park. It is an absolute jewel.
There's no question. Let me ask one more thing which is about—also I want
to commend ... I know Johnson Park was done a long time ago, but it's
often one of my walking routes. There's hardly a park in town that is more
intensely used by families, little kids sliding down that cement slide on those
cardboard boxes. That's a park that all little kids like. One last question.
On Page 13 of what you're calling your parks, trails and so forth, initially I
looked at this, and I thought there are going to be walking routes. It'll tell
me how far it is, a quarter mile, a half mile or whatever. I realized of course
that's not the case. This simply tells you how far you are from a park.
When I look at the white spots here, that simply says I cannot get to a park
by walking within a half a mile. Is that correct?

Ms. Schmid: That is true. Using this, the existing street and trail network
as it is today.

Council Member Kniss: I'm sure there'll be discussion about that in the
future as to how to provide service into those areas. I would suggest for the
                                                                       Page 106 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
