                          TRANSCRIPT
plant vegetation. This could certainly include backyards of single-family
homes. It could include front yards. It could potentially include community
gardens, private property that might be adjacent to pathways or trails. This
is an area where the League of Cities has said cities might want to look at
regulation. Now, the City does not lose its ability to regulate in this area if
you choose to take a wait-and-see approach. That would be fine. If you
want to just see what the voters do and then what kind of activity develops
in Palo Alto, you can come back and add a regulation later. If you feel like
you want to not have outdoor cultivation occur at all pending studying what
kind of ultimate rules you might want, then you have two ordinances before
you tonight.      One is an Urgency Ordinance that would take effect
immediately, that would say no outdoor cultivation. If you pass that, that
would be a layer of local regulation. If the Prop 64 passes, people could
grow personal plants up to six inside but not outside until the Council would
amend that Ordinance. That takes eight votes to pass, and it would become
effective immediately if you adopted that tonight. We gave you the same
Ordinance in a traditional Ordinance form, which takes two readings that
have to be 10 days apart and a 30-day referendum period before it would go
into effect. If the Council feels like that's a more appropriate form for
regulation, that is also before you. You have a couple of options. You could
say, "Thanks, but we don't feel the need to take any action tonight," in
which case you don't need to pass anything. You could pass one of these
ordinances or you could direct us that something else is needed, that there
might be some middle ground approach that's more appropriate. When we
looked briefly at this, we thought that a middle ground approach might be
something that would evolve in this community, but ideally that would be
something that would involve some community outreach, discussions with
various stakeholders. Obviously there isn't time and we don't have direction
from you to do that yet. That hasn't been done. If Council's interested in
that, we're probably looking more at into 2012 and maybe we would
combine that with looking and seeing what the State is doing on the
business front. I think I'll stop there. Mr. Mayor, if folks have questions.

Ms. Stump: Yes.

Mayor Burt: First, what you need to do is—I'll be calling on Council
Members when they hit their light button. You hit your button and your
speaker will go. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: That was my question.

Mayor Burt: Speak it into the loudspeaker so that the public can hear you.



                                                                        Page 77 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
