                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: The curb cuts that are being eliminated, I believe, are off of El
Camino. I think one on Grant.

Council Member DuBois: I just wasn't sure if you could park in this part of El
Camino.

Mr. Lait: Let me double check that.

Council Member DuBois: There was also an on-street loading zone. Is that
correct?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. The on-street loading is on Sherman.

Council Member DuBois: Do we lose street parking there?

Mr. Lait: I think there's currently parking on Sherman. I'm not telling right
now if we're actually losing an on-street parking spot right there. As I
understood it, by closing off the curb cuts in other areas, we were picking up
parking spaces. By putting the loading zone in the other area, it was net
neutral. I need to confirm that, though.

Council Member DuBois: I don't know if you saw—we got a letter from the
public about calculating FAR and how you assign common areas and whether
it should be proportional to total square footage. Do we have a process?

Mr. Lait: There's nothing written in the Code about that. It does create a
bit of a challenge for us. When we have multiple uses, there's a couple of
ways that planners have approached it. One is a proportional allocation.
You look at how much area is dedicated to this use, how much to that use.
When it comes to the shared spaces, you apply that proportion to that
shared spaces. Other approaches have just been a clean one-third, one-
third, one-third or 50/50. There's no guidance in the Code. For the most
part, we've taken bigger chunks, like 50 percent or a third of the space.

Council Member DuBois: It looked like the data in the traffic study was
mostly from 2013. Since then, we were talking about a police station and a
parking lot on Sherman, also potentially losing some Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) service. Has there been any consideration
to—also, I think the Page Mill intersection is worse than it was indicated in
2013. We also have a lot of developments in that area now. Has any of
that been taken into consideration? Have we updated the traffic study at
all?

Mr. Lait: I don't have a direct answer for you on that. I do know that the
applicant's consultant prepared the report, and they're in the audience

                                                                       Page 17 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
