                          TRANSCRIPT
Camino Real, the greater the number of curb cuts and driveways along El
Camino Real, the harder it is to have a smooth bike route along El Camino
Real. That's one of my concerns that would accompany adding an additional
driveway to El Camino Real (ECR). Any thoughts about that one?

Mr. Popp: Right now this is a channelized right-turn onto Hansen Way. As
such, it's a pretty short throat in terms of what you would normally expect
for making a turn into a site and negotiating a corner and doing all those
sorts of things. You generally in planning try to stay about 100 feet away
from a signalized intersection when you create a driveway. Just by the
nature of the dimension of this site, only being 100 feet deep in and of itself,
we're going to be much less than that. I can tell you that right now with the
driveway at the corner where it is, it's very challenging for cars who are
making the turns and bicycles who are trying to negotiate and looking for
people. Our thought was really that if we move the driveway ingress/egress
up onto Hansen, that it would really improve safety and help to control how
traffic flows in a much better way. I understand your point about placing
driveways along El Camino, and I don't disagree with that. I just think that
because of the dimension of this particular site, it's pretty challenging.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll also just add as the Council's liaison to the El
Camino Real Rapid Transit Policy Advisory Board for Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA), there's certainly been discussion and a lot of questions
around what does the future of El Camino look like. People are talking about
maybe trying to reduce the number of curb cuts, the number of driveways
along El Camino Real both for improved bus routes, whether dedicated lane
or shared with regular traffic, and also for bicycling. I'll just leave that out
there as something for the applicant and also for Staff and my Colleagues to
consider. I guess I could see pros and cons either way on this one. Thank
you for thinking about safety on this one.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Two or three questions. This would be for Staff.
Across the street, as we drive down Hansen, is an enormous parking lot. I
think I'm hearing this building is not per se, in the Research Park. Is that
correct? It somehow just has a little blip that's on the edge.

Mr. Lait: Are you referring to the CPI property or across—across Hansen is
in the RP district.

Council Member Kniss: We're going way back.

Mr. Popp: I don't have a mouse to circle it, but up where that blue arrow—
now I do. I may be a little too far away.
                                                                         Page 26 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
