                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I just want to make sure I'm clear. I was
actually curious about that last question as well. I just want to make sure
I'm clear.     Right now, there's a 30,000-square-foot lot approximately.
Correct? It's about 30,000, right? Almost 31,000-square-foot lot right now.
It's radically out of compliance. It's obviously legal, but it's nonconforming
to the current rules and the zoning for that area. It's about 300 percent
more than zoning allows. Correct? I want to make sure I understand why
this is coming to us in this way. It seems that what you're suggesting is
that this proposal would bring it much closer to complying with our zoning
than the status quo. Correct? But you can't quite make it fit exactly our
zoning, but you can get it pretty close. That's what this seeks to do. Is that
correct?

Mr. Petersen: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Let's make sure we're not having technical questions to make
rhetorical comments that have already been clearly stated by Staff in other
questions. We have two speakers, Nicholas Kaposhlin to be followed by
Beatrix Cashmore. Welcome. You have up to 3 minutes to speak.

Mayor Burt: Does the applicant have a specified time period? Excuse me.

Ms. Silver: Yes. This is a quasi-judicial matter, so you should ask for
disclosures, and the applicant has 15 minutes.

Mayor Burt: Sorry. First, does anyone have any disclosures on ex parte
communications? Next, the applicant has up to 15 minutes to speak.
Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 8:24 P.M.

Roger Kohler, Project Architect: I didn't quite hear all that. Are we up next?
Is that correct?

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Mr. Kohler:   Are we up next?    I'm the architect for the owner.        I'm the
applicant.

Mayor Burt: Yes. The applicant can elect who speaks on his behalf.

Mr. Kohler: I'll just start out. I'm Roger Kohler, the architect for this
project. This project started over 2 years ago. One of the first things we did
was work with the Staff at the time, of which they're all gone. We did, I
                                                                         Page 21 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
