                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Is it required that it be 15 minutes or can that be at
our discretion?

Mayor Burt: Good question. I believe it is at our discretion. They're
typically 15 is my recollection. While you're looking for that, Council
Member Holman, did you have something?

Council Member Holman: I'm going from memory here, because I didn't
look this up ahead of time. I do remember that we specifically made the
decision to interview the other Boards and Commissions for 10 minutes,
Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) for 15 minutes given the
gravity and breadth of their purview. I think it's codified, but I can't swear
to that. It may be in our Procedures and Protocols. That's probably where it
is.

Mayor Burt: That would be the place. Those are discretionary, but that is
certainly our practice and has been our intention. If we have any questions
at this, but before entertaining a Motion, I have one speaker who wishes to
speak.     If we don't have—we'll go through—are these questions or
comments?

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Go ahead, Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to comment. I agree with the 15
minutes. I saw the Clerk had suggested that if we don't interview everybody
that we see who gets five votes, then we'd interview those people. A little
bit concerned about that. I think it's almost—that's the same number of
votes they would need to be on the Commission. I was actually going to
propose maybe we do four votes and see how many people there are. It's
not a Motion, but it's ...

Mayor Burt: Let's wait until we hear from members of the public generally.
I do share your concern. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:        I would actually be open to interviewing
everybody and breaking it up into two separate meetings.

Mayor Burt: I didn't see it. It's not on here. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. There's another way we could do this. We
could actually break it up, and they could—we could have three Council
Members or four Council Members. We don't have to all interview together.
Then, it could be on and we could look at it. That's another way we could

                                                                       Page 41 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
