                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I had a question on the swimming pool and spa.
Do people need a permit today to install a spa?

Mr. Pirnejad: They do. I'll let our Chief Building Official address that.

Mr. Hoyt: We don't require a permit to install a portable spa at this time.
We do require an electrical permit. We do require a permit for a pool.

Council Member DuBois: I noticed this was an International Code. I'm just
curious if you could give a little background. Is there no California Code?
Can you give us maybe a sense of what we're adopting with the
International Code?

Mr. Hoyt: In the adoption of the California Building Code, the old version,
the 2013 version included the swimming pool requirements. They have
taken them out and recommended the adoption of the International Pool
Code in the Building Standards Commission.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights. Please vote on the board. Council
Member Holman, your light must be out of order tonight. Just be waving
your hand when you want to speak.

Council Member Holman: On Slide Number 7, it says backwater valves are
required for all new construction. This includes single-family homes?

Mr. Hoyt: Yes.

Council Member Holman: Because I notice these and I notice the size of
them and I notice the location of them, and I also know someone that, I
think, Peter's familiar with probably, that just did a rehabilitation of a house
after a fire and had to put one in. It's an historic home and happens to be
on University Avenue. To do the rehab, he had to put one in, in the front
part of the house. They're big. Is there no flexibility in where they can be,
what size they are, how they can be screened, contained, whatever to not
be such glaring intrusions into a front landscape or whatever?

Mr. Hoyt: Ms. Holman, I believe we're talking about two separate valves.
The one that you're referring to is a backwater valve, but it's required on the
water service, located above grade. This is a valve that is in-ground, that
protects the sewer line. It's actually installed in-ground, so it's not visible.

Council Member Holman: Different valves.

Mr. Hoyt: Yeah, a different valve.
                                                                         Page 43 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
