                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I was just wondering about electric bikes. They clearly
extend that range, and you don't get your suit dirty. Most people don't wear
that, but you don't get your clothes as dirty oftentimes with an electric bike.
I was just curious if you had programs that maybe you could give electric
bikes to employees who commit to doing it a certain number of—that kind of
stuff or if that’s further down the path.

Ms. Griego: It's come up, for sure.      It's the kind of bike I would need.
That's what she tells me.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much.

Ms. Jarvis: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the presentation. This
is something that we've talked about a lot. There's been a lot of questions
about this in the community, on the Council for a while. It's really useful to
have this presentation, have an understanding of what's been happening at
the Research Park.        I really commend the collaboration among the
employers in the Stanford Research Park working with Stanford, and also
that you've been working with our Downtown TMA. I'm looking forward to
that presentation right after this. I think it's really important to note and
commend you and thank you for drawing from our own Downtown TMA as
an example, using their surveys as a model and then building upon that. I
think that's encouraging to us to see that our Downtown TMA even as it's
still getting its legs has already had positive impact even outside of
Downtown. That's really worth noting. A couple of things I'd really like to
emphasize beyond that. The collaboration, not just within the Research Park
but with the TMA in Downtown, for instance around Scoop. That's a great
example of leveraging not just the 12 largest employers in the Stanford
Research Park but really working across the whole of Palo Alto. I appreciate
that. I very much concur with a lot of the comments that have already been
made, one that Vice Mayor Scharff said about if you guys can do the studies
and run the numbers around the Page Mill Road widening. We here on
Council have been skeptical at best about the proposals to widen Page Mill
Road. Having that data and having Stanford weigh in on that even more
with that data, I think, would be every useful indeed. If we have X amount
of money to spend to widen Page Mill Road or to provide TDM to Stanford
Research Park, what's the right balance of where to put the money? My own
thinking is that it's not in the widening of Page Mill Road, but it would be
good to have some data to back that up or to refute that. Have you reached
out to or looked at what VTA's doing with their FLEX service in the Tasman

                                                                         Page 28 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
