                          TRANSCRIPT
Architectural Review Board and the Applicant incorporating Parts C-H
(included below) of the original Motion, to make the project compatible with
Architectural Review (AR) Findings Numbers 2, 5, 6, and 16 which cannot be
met regarding Sherman Avenue and El Camino Real street faces, additionally
there are code compliance issues having to do with off street loading. The
approximately 4,800 square feet of ground floor office is converted to retail;
and

C.    Require the ground floor be retail; and

D.    Require a robust Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program
      to ensure a 30 percent reduction in trips; and

E.    Reduce the current proposed surface parking by four spaces from the
      Staff proposal, with the resulting land dedicated to common open
      space; and

F.    Direct Staff to work with the Applicant to redesign the plaza to create
      an active pedestrian used area; and

G.    Authorize up to 25 percent of retail space be allowed for restaurant
      use; and

H.    Require the project contribute one complete unit of in-lieu fees
      towards the Below Market Rate Housing Fund.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the substitute Motion. That fails on a 5-4 vote
with Council Members Schmid, DuBois, Filseth and Holman voting yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED FAILED:                    4-5 DuBois, Filseth,
Holman, Schmid yes

Mayor Burt: Let's return to the initial Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You want to make the friendly amendment?

Council Member Kniss: Actually Cory did.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll make a friendly amendment to require two
below market rate units onsite.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we should just note that the applicant accepted
that and agreed to it.

Mayor Burt: We don't need to. It's a condition of approval either way.


                                                                       Page 79 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
