                         TRANSCRIPT
terrific and has helped us keep moving along on this project. Also the Parks
and Recreation Commission, who have been outstanding. We meet every
month on the plan. We have the Chair of the Parks and Recreation (Rec.)
Commission, Chair Keith Reckdahl, here who will speak a little bit later and
provide some additional perspective.       We have a lot to cover.       Our
presentation is probably about 15 minutes. We'll try and get through it
pretty quickly. Just to help frame the presentation, we were last here on
August 31st. Staff provided Council an update at that time. We return this
evening with a more comprehensive and inclusive Report on the in-depth
community outreach and analysis Staff and the consultants have completed
to date. All the documents referenced in the Staff Report are available on
the website. As we go through the presentation here, we're going to focus
on Attachment A, which is the MIG Report which provides a summary of the
involvement we've been in with the community and with the Parks and
Recreation Commission. That'll talk about the principles that we talked
about last time plus the areas of focus and the technical analysis that the
consultants have done. With that, I'll pass it on to Lauren Schmid.

Lauren Schmid, MIG Project Manager: Good evening. Thank you for
sticking around and being willing to hear from us again so late this evening.
We really appreciate it. At your request, Staff and MIG worked to give you a
much more detailed and in-depth update. You all received that in your
Packet. We organized that based on what you see up here on the screen.
One of the very first things that we did based on a lot of the questions that
you asked was to try to be very specific in how we define terms. We did
that right upfront so that we understand when we're talking about parks,
trails and natural open spaces that we're talking about the land, and we're
talking about the traditional parks, the trails, the connectors within them as
well as your preserves and even the natural areas and habitat that you see
in developed parks, the recreation facilities on that land, and then the
programs that occur there. The other thing that we did is we went into
depth on the tremendous amount of technical information and analysis that's
happened over the last year and a half. Again, listed up here on the screen,
mapping, various planning analyses, look at each and every site, thinking
about all the work that was happening on sustainability, and now there's
even more. It's actually been very exciting to hear tonight from that macro
scale, really delving down to the park system today. A lot of the discussion
tonight has been pretty inspiring about some of the issues that have come
up. I think you'll start to see the connections too. Recreation programs and
then also the geographic analysis. We included in the update examples.
There's many more from where we looked at the entire system and how Palo
Alto fits into the surrounding communities. Each individual site where we
had our landscape architects walk and look and see what was there and
looked at the history. All of that is documented and is setting us up to
                                                                       Page 92 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
