                         TRANSCRIPT

at those comments and, if they're objectively—simply you and the CAC
agree them, then you don't need so much our voting on even a straw poll
basis. There might be other things where we're not so clear to you on our
intent. I guess in that case what we're going to get back is the CAC and the
Staff simply reflecting on you heard things. It doesn't mean that we've
given explicit direction. We've given feedback. One is it sounds to me at
least like the need for the CAC committee at least to be able to go back and
be able to hear the feedback we had and then absorb it and see what
changes might come about as a result. I'd be hesitant for this to be merely
a Staff response to substantive changes. Some are technical changes in
how to streamline it. That may or may not need the CAC to do that. Things
of substance that are looking for the community input, I think they need to
have that loop where they take back what they heard, and then they discuss
it amongst themselves, as well as Staff. Any other comments or shall we
just consider that we've done our deed? Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I guess this is our first Element, and there are
lessons for the second Element. Maybe we could rethink a process that
might be more effective when we get to the other Elements.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much, and good luck to all of us.

NO ACTION TAKEN

9.   Adoption of Administrative Guideline for Implementation of the Interim
     Office/R&D Annual Limit in Fiscal Years 2016 and 2017.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is adoption of Administrative Guidelines for
implementation of the interim office and R&D annual limit in Fiscal Year 2016
and 2017.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Mayor
Burt and Council Members, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. The item
before you is the Administrative Guideline for the interim annual limit
ordinance, limiting office and R&D uses to no more than 50,000 square feet
per year for at least the next two years. This ordinance was adopted, first
reading in September of 2015, and then a second reading in October so it
became effective towards the end of November. It sets a 50,000 square
foot limit on office and R&D uses in selected areas of the City. The idea was
that it would be effective for two years as a trial program or until the
Comprehensive Plan Update was adopted, whichever happens sooner. The
ordinance itself anticipated that we would some Administrative Guidelines to

                                                                       Page 48 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
