                          TRANSCRIPT
They've seldom been here in recent years; although, they do keep an office
around here, I believe. I know they played the 1994 centennial event.
There's a picture on the Palo Alto Historical Association of that. In fact, the
Guy Miller archives at the Palo Alto History Association has a very extensive
file from the old Palo Alto Times and the Palo Alto Times Tribune, roughly 20
articles about the early days of Tuck and Patti here. Tuck and Patti met Will
Ackerman of Windham Hill Records, and were one of his first signings that
became a world-class cultural contribution to the world from here.            I
recommend everybody come on out. I think the Staff person's name or
consultant is Alison Williams. I know she worked on that in recent years.
Over the years, we've had—Suzanne Warren used to book the Tuesdays in
the Park series. We have wonderful parks. We have great artists in the
community. I want to thank Staff for bringing Tuck and Patti back to Palo
Alto.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Adrian Fine, to be followed by
our final speaker, Roberta Alquist.

Adrian Fine: Good evening, Council Members. Thank you very much for
your time. My name is Adrian Fine, and I'm currently Chair of the City's
Planning and Transportation Commission. I was born and raised here in Palo
Alto. I've lived here my whole life. My fiancé, Jane, and I hope to raise our
family here someday. I'm here tonight to let everyone know, especially the
public, that last Friday I filed my papers to join the City Council race. I'm
really excited about that. I want to thank each and every one of you for
your service and all your hard work on this Council. I hope to serve with
some of you in 2017. If any of you or the public would like to learn more
about my positions, you can go to votefine.com. Once again, thank you for
your service and thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Roberta Alquist.

Roberta Alquist: I've lived here over 40 years. I'm here to speak about the
need for housing. I think over the past year alone there have been perhaps
thousands of people, at least hundreds, who have written about the need for
low-income housing in this City. Even your own Staff is concerned about
that, to the extent that one of them left because she couldn't afford to live
here. The City keeps talking about addressing this incredible low-income
housing need. Every time I come to City Hall—it's usually fairly regularly,
once a week or so—I ask somebody who works here do you live here. Not
one person, planner, receptionist, clerk, has said they can afford to live
here. The City according to an article in the United Kingdom Guardian
today—I think it was today—quotes the Mayor of Palo Alto as saying the City
is working to slow the job growth and to increase the rate of housing

                                                                         Page 11 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
