                           TRANSCRIPT
we're going to work with the consultants to analyze the two new scenarios.
We do have to amend the PlaceWorks contract one more time. The last
amendment we brought to you provided the funds to do the analysis of one
new scenario, but now we're adding two new scenarios. After that, we'll be
steaming ahead. The idea is to produce a supplement to the Draft EIR that
will be circulated for public comments. During that review period, we'll also
submit additional comments at the Council's direction on the Draft EIR.
Once we have all the comments, we will prepare written responses, and that
will come to the Council in the form of a Draft EIR, which must be certified
before the Council can take action on the Comp Plan Update itself. That's
really it for this evening. I did want to give you a quick preview of what the
Citizens Advisory Committee is thinking in terms of performance measures.
I know you'll have an opportunity to discuss this in the future. Just because
both of these new scenarios have this idea of using performance measures
to control the impacts of development, I thought I would show you—just try
and explain briefly what the CAC has been talking about in the context of the
Land Use Element. They've really been talking about two different kinds of
performance measures. The terminology is still evolving. This whole thing
is evolving a little bit still. On the left you see they have been thinking
about development performance measures that would control the impacts of
new development. The idea is to ensure that we have the right standards
and requirements in place to address the impacts of new development. If
we want to have standards that are optional and if some new development
would comply with those standards, they would get some additional
something, density or height or whatever. That's the idea of development
performance standards. It's specific to new development that happens
during the life of the Plan. It's still to be defined a lot of the detail there, but
conceptually that's one of the approaches.             The companion approach
conceptually doesn't just apply to new development; it applies to the
community at large. If we look ahead 15 years, we have to realize that a lot
of the change—a lot of what's going to happen in the community is not
because of the new development. It's because of the people who already
live here. You think about greenhouse gas emissions, for example, in the
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP). We're not going to achieve
the reductions that we've set as our goal just if we make new development
do the right thing. We all as a community are going to have to contribute to
doing the right thing to achieve the reductions that we're trying to achieve.
The community performance measures are more about monitoring those
things that have to do with our well-being, our quality of life, the long-term
livability and sustainability of the community. The idea is that these would
be monitored on a regular basis and be used to inform and adjust the
growth management strategies going forward. That's the concept that the
CAC has been working with and will be defining further as the Land Use
Element makes its way to you. I thought you'd want to know that, because
                                                                             Page 22 of 92
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 8/29/16
