                          TRANSCRIPT
take this back and hope that we get into a Motion that's fairly inclusive
without totally picking part all of the scenarios tonight.

Mayor Burt: Let me just wade in on a couple of things. First, briefly on the
grade separation issues. It is really tempting to throw in one variation
amongst all the different permutations we may look at in our next separation
analysis this coming year. There are actually a lot more permutations than
what have been discussed. Picking one tonight and assuming it sounds
really good without understanding the impacts at Churchill of shutting off
Southgate neighborhood from eastbound access and shuffling all that traffic
onto gridlocked Embarcadero.

Council Member Kniss: We'll hear from them tomorrow.

Mayor Burt: I want to caution everybody about assuming there are some
magical, simple solutions. I also want to put out there on the housing
potential. Developers are going to generally build to the highest return that
they can achieve within permissible zoning. Just because somebody 20 or
30 years ago said larger units were all they'd build, all we really know is
they found that the most attractive development at that time. That doesn't
necessarily clarify what developers would do either today under existing
zoning or under modified zoning. Let's be careful about also assuming that
those kinds of examples necessarily guide us. We have coming up in the
next couple of weeks the VTA lot, which is a proposal for small units, quite
small units, 500-600 square feet. That developer is not proposing it because
they think they would lose money off it. That's not a good assumption for us
to use. I did want to go to something Vice Mayor Scharff was bringing up on
this unbundled analysis. That actually gets to one of the most challenging
aspects of how we're going about this. Director Gitelman, to what extent
will we be getting, under the current way this is framed, analyses where we
would be able to unbundle certain aspects of what's been looked at? We
have a lot of different elements to each of these scenarios. To what degree
will we get this information back in a way that we could say, "The scenario
looked at these things in aggregate. They broke it down in a way that we
can fairly discretely say this aspect"—say, our final decision isn't to pick one
out of the six but it's to give 5B or create a new 5B. Are we going to have
meaningful information in an unbundled way that would allow us to inform
where we might ultimately want to go in a preferred alternative?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. This is an important point. We
are not analyzing each one of these components individually. We're not
unbundling each component and analyzing it separately. We're analyzing
the grocery bags. Our expectation is that Council will choose one of the
grocery bags we've analyzed or choose a variation, another grocery bag.

                                                                          Page 51 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
