                          TRANSCRIPT
for denser parking or parking garages that would provide a better solution
than having all the excess parking from now on in the neighborhoods, and a
call for balance as well. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Adina Levin, and our
last speaker is Jeff Selzer.

Adina Levin: Good afternoon, Council Members and Staff. Adina Levin with
Friends of Caltrain supporting sustainable transportation including
Transportation Demand Management on the Peninsula Corridor. I want to
give some context on my remarks today. Friends of Caltrain has been
working with a Stanford class doing a research project with the
Transportation Management Association that I was on the advisory group to
help get started, looking into how to set up the first years of programs to
help low-income service workers not drive for those people for whom it is
feasible. As part of their research about what sorts of programs would work
for them, the team got some coaching that as you're working on your
report, consider options that we might have a reduced budget. That really
put my antenna up because, as a number of people have mentioned, in
order to address the traffic and parking problem, the City has been working
consistently on a three-legged stool approach with Residential Permit
Parking, vehicle trip reduction, and supply. In order to make any kind of
draw-down successful will require continuous forward motion on the TMA
starting effectively. Funding the TMA is possible, but the mechanisms to
fund a TMA in an area like Downtown Palo Alto are going to take some time
to develop and ramp-up. Therefore, I would encourage you as you set up
the next steps for how to make this entire program work to ensure that Staff
is giving you enough lead time and preparation to ensure full funding for the
TMA in its first year and getting prepared to have mechanisms for stable
funding going forward to provide that critical piece of the strategy. Thank
you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Our last speaker is Jeff Selzer.

Jeff Selzer: My name is Jeff Selzer; I am the General Manager of Palo Alto
Bicycles. Thanks for giving me the last word; I appreciate it. We've been a
business in Downtown since 1930, so 86 years this year.             We have
contributed to the Downtown community. We've contributed to the families,
the homeowners, the City as a whole. I sent all of you--I believe everybody
on the panel got it—an email earlier this week that essentially said in the 17
years that I've been managing the business, we have collected more than $4
million worth of Sales Tax for this community. For the folks that think the
Downtown businesses don't care about the impact we have on you, we do.
We do.     To say the solution is to cut us out, part of what makes this a

                                                                        Page 36 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
