                         TRANSCRIPT
Plan. We asked an open-ended question asking residents to share one
improvement that could be made to the City's parks, arts or recreation
activities and programs to better serve the community. By far, the most
common response was have a bathroom and restroom at every park. There
were other comments that went along with that about how you have to
leave parks early because there isn't a bathroom there, that sort of thing.
Really we categorized these into a few different areas. 36 percent of the
respondents mentioned that as their preferred improvement. Thirty-five
respondents mentioned some sort of improvement to park spaces, and what
we're referring to is green spaces meaning the landscaping portion of the
parks, not the actual buildings or other amenities at the parks, which we
separated out into the next category which got 34 responses. Those first
three, quite a few of the responses pertained directly to parkland and
facilities. Twenty-eight responses pertained to improving art and culture,
and then 22 responses were about classes and programs for adults and
seniors specifically. I think when you see the statistics we had tie that back
to the statistics for the Children's Theatre, you can see some people are
wanting more programs for adults. Slide 28, the Citizen Survey Results.
Last year we gave you a demonstration of the Tableau visualization
software. We have updated that to add this year's questions and responses.
It now has a compilation of almost 7,000 completed surveys since 2003.
We've included all of the survey responses. We don't have the questions in
there that were custom questions for any particular year. Due to size and
our ability to process the data, we also eliminated old questions this year
that are no longer in the survey. Again, that allows people to select multiple
variables to look at, for example, demographics related to a specific
question, who responded what to a certain type of question, so that people
can interpret the results of questions that are relevant to them. I've got a
link there that you can click on if you want to play with that and kind of see
how it works. We will also as always put the results on Palo Alto's open data
website. We put both the Citizen Survey results and the Performance results
there. Slide 29 has the links to our website, the link to the Performance
Report, National Citizen Survey and Citizen Centric Report and again the link
to the Tableau visualization results. That concludes my presentation. I will
take any questions that you might have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have until about 10 minutes after 10:00 to
have Council Member questions and comments. I don't have any speaker
cards from the public on this item. We'll need to be pretty brief and watch
how much time we use on each of our questions and comments. Council
Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just briefly I want to say that this survey is
extremely important for Palo Alto. It's a high quality survey and very
                                                                         Page 11 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
