                             TRANSCRIPT
Officers will have to be transferred to another shelter, probably one that's
actually a kill shelter.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. We have to be respectful of each speaker having
comparable time.

Mr. Brady: I actually think that you gave much, much more time to Pets in
Need. This is an important issue. I'm almost done.

Mayor Burt: I'll allow it.

Mr. Brady: Thank you very much. I appreciate it. All three of these Pets in
Need operating principles would result in increased deaths of Palo Alto
animals if the City allows Pets in Need to operate the Palo Alto facility as
they currently operate their Redwood City facility. I recommend you reject
this proposal or minimally send it back to be rewritten by the City Manager's
Office with three irrevocable guidelines for Pets in Need if they're to operate
this shelter. One, they must accept surrenders of all Palo Alto animals
without regard to species, breed or size. Two, they must not transfer any
animal to another shelter or euthanize any animal without the permission of
Palo Alto's Lead Animal Control Officer. Three, Palo Alto's Animal Control
Officers and their equipment should be housed onsite at the Pets in Need
Palo Alto facility so they can assist Pets in Need staff, as Joe pointed out, in
the event of an animal emergency and monitor Pets in Need's operation to
make sure they're done in accordance with Palo Alto guidelines. We have
four excellent Animal Control Officers with 122 years of experience dealing
with all animal species and breeds that Pets in Need has very little
experience with. Gandhi once famously said ..

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. We ...

Mr. Brady: You're going to cut me off.

Mayor Burt: We really have to respect this. Thank you very much. Scottie
Zimmerman to be followed by Denise Salles.

Scottie Zimmerman: Hi. I've lived in Palo Alto 44 years. Thank you for
letting me speak. I'm here as a representative of Friends of the Palo Alto
Animal Shelter but also just as a person who loves animals. Palo Alto's
shelter is not now a no-kill shelter. Nobody can pretend that it doesn't kill
more than four animals a year or fewer than four for that matter. Four
animals a month maybe. I don't want to get into that. What I want to talk
about is a seminar I took online with the manager of the animal shelter in
Austin, Texas. She's talking a new thing in the world—the shelter world is
talking about how do you get animals adopted. What is the magic trick?
                                                                        Page 53 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
