                          TRANSCRIPT
have a 50-foot height limit out by the hospital? Do we really care? The
other thought I had on this that I wanted to just briefly say. I really think a
50-foot height limit is the wrong way to go. I think we should have a story
limit. It should be a four-story limit if you roughly want to keep a 50-foot
height limit. If you wanted to go a little higher, it could be a five-story limit.
You shouldn't say 50 feet. You'll get better architecture if you do a four-
story limit. You'll have a better feel to the buildings; they won't all look the
same. That's really what we should think about, how do we get better
architecture. We've done this at Council before. You show things on the
screen and you say, "This is really dense. This is 80 units an acre." It looks
great; it doesn't look bad because the architecture's really good. On the
other hand, you could have a much lower density, and it looks boxy and
squat and has very little articulation, and it doesn't look good. I think all
that plays into how we go ahead and do this. I could go either way on this.
I'm very concerned, however, that we get good information. I don't feel
necessarily that I—I'm not saying you can do it, Hillary. My concern is that
if we say too many units with the sustainability stuff, we don't get good
numbers. I also don't know where we put these units if we're not going to
go above 50 feet. I was doing some rough math for us. Once we get above
5,000 units, I don't know where we put this without—unless all of you are
going to stand up here today and say, "Let's not worry about the height
limit." If you get rid of the height limit, we can have 10,000 units easily. I
don't think that's a problem, but I don't think we're going do that. I don't
think the community wants that. The other thing I really was thinking about
is we're going out for the transportation polling. We've been sort of hinting
around arguing about what that 77 percent number means. I think we
should poll for it. I know we're polling for a transportation measure. Since
we're polling anyway, let's ask real community questions. Do you support
more housing? Do you support more housing if that means that are schools
are going to be impacted? Do you support more housing if that means that
traffic is going to get worse, that there's going to be less park space? Do
you support more housing if we can break the 50-foot height limit? I'm not
sure what the questions are, but there should be some polling questions
about what people really want in this community. Otherwise, what you'll
have is what we really had at Maybell.           Who here would oppose an
affordable senior housing project? You're not going to say that on the dais.
It's all about where it is, what it looks like, the impact on the people, and
how upset the neighbors are. That's what that comes down to. Anyway, I
think when we go forward on this, if we're going to go big, we need to think
about where the location of that is and how that would look and how we
practically move forward on it. Frankly, for me, I'm not convinced above the
5,300 if we stick with a scenario. I don't see a 10,000 scenario on this,
unless you want to have a separate Number 6. Thanks.

                                                                          Page 98 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/16/16
