                         TRANSCRIPT
Lodge or the Gamble House Gardens. In fact, do you know, Rob—there was
that deal that was cut on the Winter Lodge. What was the deal?

Mr. de Geus: This goes many years back, so I'm not sure I have it all
straight. At one point, it was potentially going to be sold, I believe. The
City stepped in and bought the property. I don't think they dedicated it as
parkland.

Mayor Burt: We traded.

Mr. de Geus: They traded the property—that's right—for ...

Mayor Burt: By a vote of the people.

Mr. de Geus: That's right. Now it's tennis courts and a Winter Lodge now.
How safe is it to be that for all time I don't know. I think that's what we
hear from members of the public, dedicating land as parkland if it's being
used as parkland essentially. That creates a security that it's going to
remain parkland and it's not going to be developed sometime in the future.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that might be a way—what we need to do is
address that underlying concern without necessarily having these facilities
like Gamble Garden or the Winter Lodge be under the same park rules. I
think that's an important point we should make. Are you allowed to do
commercial—I thought we weren't allowed to do commercial activities like
sell stuff in parks. I think we have a rule against that. If we dedicate the
Winter Lodge, does that mean I can no longer buy hot chocolate there?
Those are the kinds of things that I worry about if we just decide—let's not
think this through and just start dedicating stuff. I think we need to
understand how you maintain it the way it is. If people are concerned about
maintaining it in perpetuity, maybe we come up with a regulatory structure
that does that where these unique facilities don't have the same rules as
parks. Let's see. If I went to Page 98—I'll go to Packet Page 98 and then
tell you what it is. On Packet Page 98, that's your Page 77, Rob. It says no
exclusive use of parks by private parties is permitted. There's a lot of
exclusive use of the Winter Lodge that's private parties. You can rent them
out for your kid's birthday party. You can rent out the Winter Lodge, for
instance. You can rent out Gamble Garden for wedding after wedding.
That's what I'm talking about when I say if we dedicated that and you had
these programs in here, you would then be saying you couldn't do that stuff.
I think we need to think really carefully, as we do that, how that works and
what we do. That's why I was thinking we probably need a separate
category of in perpetuity that is not dedicated parkland. The other thing I
noticed is we talked about somewhere in here—I'll probably run into it when
I look at the rest of these packet pages—creating parks on rooftops or on
                                                                     Page 23 of 121
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 09/06/16
