                         TRANSCRIPT
then tie it to our General Plan, continue to use levels of service or look at
our own vehicle miles traveled in a TIA rather than in a CEQA analysis.

Mr. Milam: You're definitely on the right track. When you think about
transportation impact studies, ideally what they would do, whether you're
doing them for the General Plan purposes or CEQA, is that they're reflective
of your community values as expressed in the General Plan. The discretion
that CEQA gives lead agencies to set their own thresholds is why we have
Level of Service D in some communities and F allowed in others. You have a
lot of discretion there. The idea is that CEQA would help you reinforce your
envisioned future and try and point you in that right direction and give you
another opportunity to mitigate. What the Legislature has done here by
taking away a particular metric and adding VMT, is maybe they've tilted the
field a little bit to say there's some State objectives we want to make sure
are addressed in your impact analysis, but we're not going to step into the
local land use authority or your General Plan. They didn't make any changes
to those aspects of other laws.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks a lot.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just to follow-up a little bit on the same line.
Heard clearly—I think it's in the document—that the choice of methodologies
remains with the lead agency. We can continue to set standards as such.
You say also that SB 743 is an evolutionary change. Sort of feel like Robert
Frost on a winter morning, coming to a pathway. He looks back and says,
"My whole life might have been different if I'd taken that other path." I
think this is quite a significant change. It changes incentives, how you
measure things a little bit, taking out loss of service. I think there were
comments in the Planning Commission, congestion a little less of an impact.
The VMT tends to work well where densities are higher. The options for
mixed use and infill and cutting commute might increase as density
increases. As we do our General Plan, that's an important issue for us, how
dense are we, how dense do we want to be. We know we are less dense
than some of the big cities around us, certainly than San Francisco, than
Oakland, than Berkeley. Do we want to be less dense? What's the virtue of
less densities? We are the Council Members for Palo Alto, so we have to ask
that question for Palo Alto. We're coming out of the 50, 60-year period of
flourishing of innovation in this environment. If you really try and describe
what that environment is, it's a low density environment, commercial and
residential mix, people living and working in the same community 24/7, a
tremendously high level of movement of jobs and ideas and an emphasis on
face-to-face communications, again 24/7. True for Palo Alto, true for our

                                                                      Page 25 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
