                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: It's my honor to do this. Of the four that are
retiring, that are being recognized tonight, it represents 115 years of public
service. She read the Resolution for Joe Teresi into the record.

Mayor Burt: We actually have one speaker who wishes to speak on this
item, Hal Mickelson.

Hal Mickelson: Thank you. I'm speaking in my capacity as the Chair this
year of the Citizen Oversight Committee for the Storm Drain Enterprise
Fund. Joe has had to deal, among other challenges, with his very own
watchdog and audit committee with whom he was required to meet
regularly, so that the Committee could confirm that the Fund is applied in
accordance with the purposes declared to voters. It has been a pleasure
and a source of unending education to work with Joe. There is no member
of the City Staff whose expertise is more evident or whose expertise is more
dedicated and geared to practical results for the City. There is no member
of the City Staff who is more dedicated to the City's wellbeing. I would
venture to say there is no one in the public life of the City, whether officially
or as a volunteer or as a member of Staff, whose good nature and
friendliness could make it more of a pleasure to achieve the City's
(inaudible). This Committee gratefully supports this Resolution.

Mayor Burt:      Thank you.      Please vote on the board.          That passes
unanimously.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to adopt a Resolution honoring Joe Teresi.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0

Joe Teresi: I guess I'll say a few things as well. Actually I'd like to start just
by introducing some of my special guests. My wife, Sherry, is here with us
tonight as well as my mom, Mable, who's a 60-year resident of Palo Alto.
Also, I'm very grateful for members of the Storm Drain Oversight Committee
here today. In addition to Hal, Stepheny McGraw and Nancy Clark and Dick
Whaley made time out of their busy schedules to come. I really appreciate
that very much. Thank you. As was said, I am a hometown boy. I grew up
in Midtown. My mom still lives there. That's been part of the fun of working
for the City of Palo Alto, to see how I can make changes and make it a
better place. I've been very proud to work on lots of different projects and
see the results. That's a real source of pride for me. I'd like to say thank
you to some people as well. To all the folks here at the City who have been
very supportive, of course, all of you members of the Council and in addition
City Manager Keene and Assistant City Manager Ed Shikada, Mike Sartor,
Brad Eggleston, Phil Bobel. They've all been great as leaders that have
                                                                             Page 5 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/5/16
