                          TRANSCRIPT
State Water Resources Control Board review of Region 2's reissuance of
municipal regional permit regulating storm water runoff. That was moved by
Council Member Kniss, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff.

Mayor Burt: Any discussion? Please vote on the board. That passes
unanimously, 8-0. We will now go into Closed Session. Thank you.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Wolbach absent

Council went into Closed Session at 6:04 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 7:07 P.M.

Mayor Burt: At this time, the Council has returned from a Closed Session.
We actually have reportable actions that were taken on each of the Three
Closed Session items. I will read them into the record. The first is that
Council voted to support authorizing the City Attorney to settle the matter of
Wells Fargo v. City of Palo Alto for a payment of $190,000 and a return of a
condominium unit at Unit No. A310 at 4260 El Camino Real. This unit will be
returned to the City's affordable housing inventory. The second item is the
Council voted to authorize the City Attorney to settle the matter of Monroe
Place LP versus the City of Palo Alto for recovery to the City in the amount of
$2,801,474, which is 7.5 percent of the final sales—in addition, 7.5 percent
of the final sales price of three unsold units to be paid to the City's
residential housing in-lieu fund. The third item is the Council authorized
ratification by the City of the Water Quality petition filed on behalf of the City
by the Santa Clara Valley Urban Runoff Pollution Prevention Program. It was
filed on behalf of the City and other parties. That requests the State Water
Resources Control Board to review Region 2's reissuance of municipal
regional storm water Permit No. CAS612008. That's the reporting of our
Closed Session actions.

Special Orders of the Day

2.    City of Palo Alto Certified as a Storm Ready Community.

Mayor Burt: Welcome everyone. Our first public item is Item No. 2 on the
Agenda. A Special Order of the Day is the certification of the City of Palo
Alto as a Storm Ready Community. My understand is that we have Mr. Larry
Smith from the National Weather Service. Welcome.

Larry Smith, National Weather Service: My name is Larry Smith. I'm a
meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Monterey. We service the
San Francisco Bay Area. Recently we had the honor to work with the City of
Palo Alto to become storm ready. I wanted to take a little bit of time and
                                                                             Page 2 of 94
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/11/16
