                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: ...the proposal a number of times in response to the business
community.    Each time we modified it in response to the business
community, they came up with new and different objections.

Council Member Kniss: I guess we could discern from that then that unless
they see something in this for them, there's probably going to be another
opposition. I would guess. Judy isn't here; her husband had surgery this
morning. She wanted to say, otherwise, that she would have been. Also, it
was very late for the entire business community to be here tonight. That
was troublesome.

Mr. Keene: If I just might add a couple of things. I think it's, one, really
important to remember that this is just an initial feasibility poll. The first
kind of look-see at this. Secondly, one of the key recommendations if there
is any interest in going forward would be to initiate a period of outreach.
Third, I actually recall—we'll go back and double check—that when the ad
hoc committee of the Council was constituted, even though it was an ad hoc
committee, you directed that it be a public meeting. We sent out notices
to—we advertised and sent out notices to folks. Unless I'm mistaken, I'm
sure we invited the Chamber, for example, to that meeting. I don't think
they attended, but we sent out invitations.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: A quick question on your methodology. I guess it's
random digit dial. How do you handle homes without landlines?

Mr. Metz: Our sample is drawn from the registrar's list of all registered
voters in the City. From that list, we reduced it to those that we considered
likely to vote this November, which basically means they had to have voted
in at least one of the last six statewide elections or have registered to vote
since November 2014. That list includes phone numbers that people list
when they register to vote, which includes both landlines and wireless
phones. We also match it to a variety of other databases to make sure we
capture more wireless phone numbers as well. It was a mix of both.

Council Member DuBois: Did you try multiple times?

Mr. Metz: Yes. We made, I believe, at least six attempts per number before
moving on to the next one.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. You answered a couple of questions
there. Thank you. I was curious why on the VTA question we didn't
mention BART. Is that a purposeful thing?

                                                                      Page 112 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
