                          TRANSCRIPT
thing that we need to find out more about. Council Member Wolbach, you're
first.

Council Member Wolbach: Obviously we need a little bit more money for
transportation initiatives. We're very ambitious, as everybody recognizes.
The grade separations, the TMA, the shuttle, etc. In particular on grade
separations, I've had the same experience that a lot of people have. When I
talk to people especially outside of Palo Alto in the county and the question
of grade separation funding comes up, the question is asked, "Why should
other people pay for grade separations in Palo Alto? You have more money
than God." Obviously there are a lot of responses to that. Part of my
response is Palo Alto would probably be contributing something ourselves.
There would be some level of self-help. I do think that whether it's jointly
on the ballot or through some other mechanism, it's important to recognize
that if we're going to do grade separations in Palo Alto as we've highlighted,
we're going to have to provide some of the funding, so we need to figure out
where that funding comes from. I think that the Mayor's comments about
polling is important. I would certainly not want to put anything on the ballot
this fall that undermines the countywide effort. I think the countywide effort
has continued to develop in a positive direction. I appreciate the outreach
from Mr. Guardino and others in the county. I think that we've seen that
moving in a positive way where Palo Alto will see some real benefits from
that ballot measure. I don't want to undermine that. I am very open
minded to how we collect more funding, whether that's through exploring
increasing parking fees, especially for not low-income workers Downtown as
Adina Levin suggested, which could bring in even $2 million or $3 million per
year; whether it's through a sales tax on top of the countywide one, if that's
feasible; whether it's through a business tax. If we did go in the direction of
a business tax, I'd certainly want it to be a very moderate amount, say, on
employees over 100 per business. It's, I think, very much too early to really
get into the specifics of that. I really see at least three options for how we
go forward. I'm agnostic, so I'd just like to hear from my Colleagues: one,
we go to Policy and Services; two, we go to an ad hoc committee; three, we
set up a commission similar to our Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission
(IBRC) that we did for infrastructure funding and follow a process similar to
that, perhaps learning from that and seeing if we could speed it up though.
Those are really the options I see going forward. As I said, I'm fairly
agnostic at this point.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just really briefly and high level. As we think about
this, we ought to think who should pay for this. Commercial travel is an
operating cost of doing business, and business parking is an operating cost
                                                                         Page 79 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
