                          TRANSCRIPT

parentheses what was deleted, that's a real simple way to just add it there.
I mean, that's a cut and paste, right?

Ms. Gitelman: We can certainly try and do that. I think the reaction when
we did that with the PTC's draft was overwhelming negative. It just got so
confusing. There were redlines and different colors, things added and
deleted and moved around. It was really, really confusing. We're trying to
bring you a document that the next time around will be less wordy and less
complicated. We will do what we can to at least explain where things have
come from.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just real quick. I think if we look at this as a run-
through for Council, again, this is probably the easiest Element. I think we
should think about our process. How are we going to get through a more
complicated? Maybe we should try to come up with a process. Maybe we
circulate—I don't know if we could do it. Come prepared with straw poll
elements. Maybe we circulated questions during that week or something. It
feels like we're going to need more preparation to be able to get through
these in a timely way in a Council meeting.

Mayor Burt: There's also a deliberative process. I think we are informed by
the comments of each other, and then we have to think about them and
maybe give feedback to each other. Out of that, we often get something
that is more of a consensus than simply throwing something out and voting.

Council Member DuBois: I agree. I just think maybe we can come up with a
process to do both of those things. The current process is going to be very
time consuming.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Obviously speaking only for myself, I don't think
it's necessary to do the straw polls. At this point, it sounds like we're ready
to treat it like a Study Session; I'm fine with that. Five minutes ago,
though, I was prepared to make a motion and give it a shot. It sounds at
this point like we don't need to do that. Staff has a good sense of the
feedback. Those are my two cents on process.

Mayor Burt: Let me just ask, kind of as a wrap-up. If we don't go through
the straw polling, you heard some things that was some consensus on.
Others that were comments by individual Council Members. You could look
                                                                         Page 47 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
