                         TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

7.   Fiscal Year 2017 Proposed Budget Overview.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is the Fiscal Year 2017 Proposed Budget
Overview. Welcome, Director Perez.

James Keene, City Manager: While we're waiting and before I kind of kick
this off, I thought that I'd let Lalo introduce his Staff here.

Mayor Burt: I see we have two Scouts here, who I'm guessing are here for
citizenship merit badges. Is that correct?

Male: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: Welcome.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director/Chief Financial Officer: Thank
you, Mr. Mayor. Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer. Tonight I have with me
Kiely Nose, Budget Manager, and Tarun Narayan, Senior Management
Analyst. We are going to have the City Manager give you an overview of
what's in the proposed budget, have some slides, and then open up the
floor. Thank you.

Mr. Keene: Again, just for the newer Council Members, I think you're pretty
much grounded in how we do this. One of my obligations as the City
Manager is to put forward a proposed budget to the Council each year, which
we're doing. At this meeting, you might wonder why you didn't get the
budget in advance of the meeting. You didn't get it because it wasn't done
from the printer until 1:00 P.M. this afternoon. We're getting here about
just as soon as you can. I will give an intro and some overview. Then
there's the opportunity, whether Lalo and the Staff will orient you to the
document at all or just take questions and comments. I know that in talking
with the Mayor and Vice Mayor at times there's an interest in some
opportunity for Council Members who are not on the Finance Committee,
who next week will be diving deep into the budget, to be able to offer
comments and that sort of thing. We recognize that you're a little bit
handicapped in that you haven't seen the budget document itself. I know
my Council really pretty well. You guys actually really prefer to dive deep
into the information and the data rather than just winging it and telling us
off the top of your head what your thoughts are. We apologize for that.
Hopefully we'll give you enough of a sense of the budget here and can talk
with the Mayor and Vice Mayor about the upcoming Agendas, if there's any
desire to have any ways for other Council Members to give us some
feedback. The process we're going to use tonight with the Council is a
                                                                      Page 32 of 67
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 4/25/16
