                          TRANSCRIPT
features are all compatible for the Baylands is something I'm less
comfortable with. I think the architectural quality is excellent. Those aren't
my issues. We basically have a building that is a 50-foot building on a 0.6
FAR. It makes this a completely anomalous building in the Baylands. For
whatever reason, the Planning Commission thought that was a nonissue,
and Staff doesn't seem to have been very concerned about it. I can't find
that it meets the design finding, number one, of being harmonious and
compatible on Policy L-8 on the Comp Plan nor in Section 7 on the findings
around the massing.         I think there's been a misinterpretation and
miscalculation of the Code as far as what constitutes a permissible parking
exemption. I just think it's wrong. It's not consistent, I believe, with our
past interpretations for auto dealerships. The Staff had actually tentatively
acknowledged that the showroom seems to have been miscalculated, and
nobody seems to be concerned about that. Another thing that didn't come
up by Staff or the Planning Commission or tonight is that the traffic
mitigation is to improve the intersection rather than to focus on a TDM
program. Here, we've got another development with discretionary approval,
and there's no TDM that's part of that. That ought to be our first choice to
reduce the car trips, and second choice to expand the intersection. It's also
not clear to me what our cost would be at the intersection. The Staff Report
said that, I think, the developer would pay for the improvement and then
charge back the City on everything that wasn't its proportionate share. I
have no idea how many dollars those are. This whole notion that if we don't
approve this 50-foot tall auto dealership when we have auto dealerships
surrounding it at half that size, somehow this would be the reincarnation of
the domino effect on auto dealerships, I think, is not a strong argument.
We've had those auto dealerships thriving out there despite a whole bunch
of claims for 15 years that they were on the cusp of demise. Instead, they
wanted to expand there. I have no idea what the actual FAR is here and
what this really would be if it was properly counted. I think this is a correct
use, a well-designed building, and not properly calculated on its size and
significantly taller and more massive that it should be for this location. I
think we're just not doing our homework on looking at our Zoning Codes and
the compatibility with the surroundings. It's a 50-foot building; there's no
50-foot buildings around it, and there's no necessity for this to be 50 feet. I
see two more lights, but that would initiate a whole other round, so I
hesitate to do that at this hour. What I'd like to do is go ahead and have us
vote on the board. That fails on a three in favor and Council Members
Schmid, Burt, Kniss, Filseth and Holman opposed and Wolbach abstaining.

MOTION AS AMENDED FAILED:              3-5-1 Berman, DuBois, Scharff yes,
Wolbach abstaining

Mayor Burt: I thought you had already made your comments.
                                                                          Page 123 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
