                          TRANSCRIPT
They can also do inspection requests as well as a history of all their permits,
get immediate reminders of when those inspections are as well as do
multiple inspections at the same time for both fire and building inspections.
That's a great innovation that we're offering our applicants. Also, May 16th,
we continue our fine work on the Seismic Risk Management Advisory Group.
We welcome all those that are interested in looking at our seismic exposure
and how we might mitigate that. We welcome them to participate. That's
going to be May 16th at Rinconada Park. I'll send this around, if you'd like
to take a look. I just wanted to highlight four quick points. The first, as we
continue to do the fine work of the Blueprint that was initiated by the Council
some years back, we're focused on four real key main areas. The first, not
in any particular order, is sustainability. We've brought many initiatives to
the Council, our Photovoltaic (PV) Readiness Program, our electric vehicle
readiness program. Our green building now exceeds minimum Code. We
are a Tier Two city. We exceed the minimum Code requirements identified
by the International Code Council (ICC). Energy efficiency is an area that
we strive and continue to show leadership in, since 2007. Next week, I'll be
bringing before you a Reach Code, which is another way of describing our
Energy Reach Code that's going to again exceed both California as well as
the nation in energy efficiency. Water efficiency is a focal point as well as
indoor air quality and other areas. Lean, predictable, transparent process is
a second area of focus for us. The mobile inspection request app is one.
We've had improved efficiency using a dashboard that we created some
years back. In that dashboard, we've been able to improve transparency
within the department to identify how we might improve service to our
customers. Keep in mind that the majority of these customers are residents
like you and I that are trying to remodel their home, add on to their
bathrooms, their kitchens, and make the dream homes that they want to
live in and sometimes work in. Our on-time plan checks have improved
since 2013. We were on-time 77 percent of the time. I'm pleased to say
that as of 2015, we're up to 84 percent of the time. That's a collective
average of all the different departments that need to do the reviews. We
went from an average of 41 percent of the building permits that came in, the
applications, over the counter were being approved. Now over 50 percent of
the applications that come to the Development Center as a one-stop shop
can be approved the same day. That's a huge benefit for residents that are
in a hurry and on a tight time crunch. Transparency and predictability is a
big part of what we do. The third item is building safety and resilience.
Obviously this is a huge area of focus for us. The International Organization
for Standardization (ISO) Class One rating, to give you a sense of
perspective, of the 14,000 departments that are rated throughout the
nation, there's only nine that have an ISO Class One rating. We are one of
them. Of the 297 in California, we're of three others that are rated as a
Class One. It's a huge honor plus it provides a benefit of security to our
                                                                         Page 24 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
