                          TRANSCRIPT
seeing in those different columns are some of the topic areas and how they
shift from comments to the CAC to the work product. I think it's a work in
progress, but we wanted you to be aware of that collaboration as something
interesting that will bear fruit hopefully as we move forward. For this
evening, we're suggesting that you start by inviting any members of the CAC
who are still here this evening to speak first. We'd, of course, like to hear
their comments as well as any members of the public who are here tonight.
We're hoping that we can get the Council's comments or observations about
the themes, the scope, kind of the level of detail, immediate next steps on
this Element. Importantly, if you see anything missing here, we would very
much like to hear that and any comments or questions you have about the
schedule that we've provided. In terms of next steps, as Jim mentioned,
tomorrow the CAC will be meeting to discuss the Land Use Element. We
hope it's going to be the last meeting on the Land Use Element before they
recommend it to you for your consideration in November. The committee's
also starting tomorrow their work on the Natural Environment and Safety
Elements. With that, we'd be happy to answer any questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Colleagues, questions of Staff? Council Member
Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. When we looked at this before
on scheduling, if I remember right, there was a desire on the Council's part
to have another chance to look at this after we'd seen the Land Use
Element. Do I remember that right?

Mayor Burt:   I don't remember the full discussion.   Does Staff remember
that?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. Another desire to see the Land Use Element?

Council Member Filseth: We were hoping to see the Transportation Element
again after we'd seen the Land Use Element, because they are sort of linked.
Do I remember that right?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know that we reached a resolution on that. Right
now, we're queued up to bring land use to you in November. We could
potentially schedule the transportation to come back to you at some point
after that. If you see the schedule we sent in last week's packet, there may
be an opportunity to add another Council session early in the new year after
you've seen land use.

Council Member Filseth:    I'll guess I'll defer that one to the Mayor and
colleagues (crosstalk).

                                                                      Page 91 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
