                          TRANSCRIPT
want to go with a specific tax in 2017, because I just don't think a specific
tax would survive an opposition campaign that we're going to be out-funded
on. The reason that the County VTA tax can go on a two-thirds majority is
because the Leadership Group has been able to round up the business
community and all sorts of other sectors in support of that. Even then, it's
very narrow. As we heard, last time it passed by 2,000 votes in the entire
county. That's a tough row to hoe especially with the history of our business
community opposition to these kinds of things. I will be supporting having
this continued—to do the work on this for a prospective 2017 or 2018
measure. I think the work that we've done in the last three months is good
ground work. It's effort well spent. I don't have a problem with in future
polling expanding consideration of other tax measures. Even though the
argument that we may have seen these responses slightly weighted as a
result of preceding questions, at the same time it's wishful thinking that
these other tax measures are going to poll anywhere near as well as the
head count did, but I'm open-minded to it. It's time for us to move on to a
Motion. Council Member Kniss, you wanted to ask to take a crack at it.

Council Member Kniss: You've all been extraordinarily articulate tonight. I
felt a little like I was in one of those debates that are taking place on NPR,
where everyone is extraordinarily persuasive. I think one of the things—Bob
Moss is leaving and I know he won't hear me, because he has difficulty
hearing. He does. He will explain it to you.

Council Member Berman: He just turned around.

Council Member Kniss: Bob, come on back. One of the things Bob said
tonight, which reminded me of my own father, was you've got to be
practical. I think that's what I heard tonight. You've got to be practical. I
think what we've heard on both sides of this tonight, as I said, has been
very persuasive. I was most persuaded actually by Council Member Holman
and would very much agree that we should go ahead, I would hope, with a
special tax in 2017. Let me put that Motion out and then speak to it if it
gets a second.

Council Member Holman: Second.

Council Member Kniss: My Motion would be that we take either on Page 2 of
the Staff Report, consider placing a special tax measure requiring a two-
thirds vote on a special election in 2017, utilize the additional time to refine
the proposal, build consensus, and neutralize potential sources of opposition
and/or consider placing a general tax measure requiring a simple majority
on the November 2018 ballot, utilize the additional time to do the same. I
would add to that that we need to put a stakeholders committee together. I

                                                                          Page 87 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
