                         TRANSCRIPT
that. I was also—let's see. What else was I going to say about this? Did
you find what the original motion was that's up on the board? That's what I
remembered it as. It says including a performance-based approach with
policies and mitigation members. The language actually says performance
based, and that was the direction from Council, and that's the way I
remembered it. It was really confusing to me when you said you dropped
that because you got different direction from Council.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for clarifying that, Vice Mayor Scharff. We did
assume that there would be a mitigation regime that would be attached to
these two new scenarios. Really the intention of these new scenarios was in
part to test the efficacy of the mitigation regime. I apologize that we
dropped the performance-based lingo out of here.         That's clearly the
intention; both of these would test the mitigation approach that we've
articulated in the EIR and any changes that the Council would like us to
incorporate.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That was my only confusion. I thought in response to
Council Member DuBois' question you said it was a different tool set, the
mitigation measures, as opposed to a performance-based approach. I
thought you said there was a difference. I just heard you say maybe there
isn't a difference. I'm confused.

Ms. Gitelman: We understood the Council to be interested in seeing how
these two scenarios would perform with a suite of mitigation and
performance measures. I'm using those terms pretty interchangeably.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me ask a couple of questions that reference the
Minutes that are in our packet. I'm looking at the Minutes that came from
the start of the meeting that you had with the Finance Committee. Are you
Mister—is it Sigman? Am I pronouncing it right? Looking at the Packet
Pages that are 393 and 394, you reference—let me get closer to the mike.
You have referenced on this—it's important to note we looked back 15 years
at some of the trends, so we're not operating in sort of a bubble. Do you
recall what the slide was? What you might have looked at.

Mr. Sigman: I have the report in front of me. The graphic is also included
in the report. It's a historic ...

Council Member Kniss:     Is the graphic in here some place that I haven't
found?

Mr. Sigman: No, it's in the actual fiscal analysis dated January 15th.
                                                                           Page 78 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
