                          TRANSCRIPT
weds them to this plan of home design, home layout, street layout.              The
street layout is on the map, but the homes aren't.

Ms. Silver: You are adopting a separate document which is the final map
that is actually approved by the City Engineer.

Council Member Holman: If you look at the maps, there are no buildings
indicated about locations and such. It's just the lots.

Ms. Gerhardt: The Development Agreement restricts the areas in which we
can regulate. These are homes on the interior of the site and, therefore, not
under our discretion other than massing and scale and things of that nature.
There are no interior setbacks and things that you would normally think of.

Council Member Holman: There is mass and scale. There's some number of
units. Is there no Floor to Area Ratio (FAR) even? I don't recall that long
ago. What I'm saying is we're just giving a blank check here, it seems like
based on prior approvals, and this is not the same. I'm just trying to get
clarity on what it is we're approving and passing on.

Ms. Silver: Basically you're just approving the lot lines at this point. You've
already approved all of the architecture that you had purview over under the
Development Agreement. Now, you're just simply reconfiguring the actual
lot lines and street lines on a map.

Council Member Holman: How do we know the houses are going—what
assurance do we have going forward—not that Stanford wouldn't want to do
this. What assurance do we have in a record that indicates that, let's say,
the home that Mr. Siegel identified is actually going to be 50 feet away from
that point? We have a Staff presentation and a Staff Report. How do we
know that's where it's going to be located? How do we know that those
barriers are going to be created? What do we have that indicates that these
mitigations are going to actually happen? It's not in the Record of Land Use
Action in front of us tonight.

Ms. Silver: That's a fair point. I think that you do have discretion to impose
some additional mitigation measures. DTSC will, of course, will take care of
that in their regulatory action. We would also suggest that if you want sort
of a belt and suspenders approach that you also adopt as additional
mitigation measures in this Record of Land Use Action the mitigation
measures that are identified in the Disclosure Statement ...

Council Member Holman:       Can you point us to a page?       That would be
helpful.

                                                                         Page 60 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
