                         TRANSCRIPT
between our Information Technology (IT) and Purchasing Departments. The
combined impact of all the 38 winners announced in this program resulted in
almost $17 million in energy savings and greenhouse gas reductions. Other
One Star winners include such cities as the City of Seattle, the District of
Columbia, and the Province of Nova Scotia. Also, as we do year after year,
our City's Administrative Services Department received a Government
Finance Officers Association award for achievement of excellence in financial
reporting for the 2015 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report. The City has
received this award going 19 straight years which does represent obviously a
long-term, consistent record of exemplary financial management and
reporting. Accounting Manager Laura Kirk and her team in Administrative
Services Department (ASD) are to be specially recognized for their efforts in
that regard. As you know, the VTA, Valley Transportation Authority, has
engaged a consultant to review existing bus routes and make
recommendations for future routing and scheduling resulting in the
development of three concepts for public review and comment. At our
request, the City's request, VTA hosted a community meeting on
Wednesday, May 18th, at the Rinconada Library to present what they call
the three next network concepts. Our Staff has been following this study
closely, and we share our community's concerns regarding the level of cuts
to service within Palo Alto under both what they call the 80 percent and the
90 percent concepts that were presented by VTA. Without getting into the
details of what those measurements mean, our concern is of course that
students, commuters and seniors who rely heavily on the service provided
by Route 35, Route 88 and Route 89 to travel to and from school, work and
services could be affected by these recommendations. These routes also
provide direct connections to Caltrain, helping to support ridership on our
key transit link. While some of our Palo Alto routes do not generate high
levels of ridership when compared with some other VTA routes, the transit
choices report prepared by Jarrett Walker and Associates for VTA in February
2016 identifies Palo Alto as one of the top activity centers in Santa Clara
County. As the Council well knows, this is due to the high concentration of
employment and residential density. In fact, Downtown Palo Alto is one of
only four zones in the County in the top tier for activity density related to
these transportation measures. We hope that, as the next network initiative
moves forward, VTA staff will look for ways to better serve Palo Alto and
achieve both the City's goal for more convenient transit service and VTA's
goal of improved efficiency. I have just signed today a letter to VTA General
Manager Nuria Fernandez strongly opposing the recommendations of the 80
and 90 percent concept and requesting they limit service cuts to Palo Alto as
they move forward. The topic of the Middlefield Road/North California
Avenue Complete Street project, the Planning and Community Environment
Department cordially invites our community members to attend an open
house this Thursday, June 9th, in the City Council Chambers between 6:30
                                                                           Page 3 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
