                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we say with the idea that it would be
economical feasible for them to purchase.

Council Member DuBois: Karen, I think what we heard—we're talking about
part-time workers. Lowering the price doesn't address a permit for the week
or whatever. I think we're losing that. This was the idea of sharing. If an
employer has two employees ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we say "including sharing"? Direct Staff to
explore options including sharing. Take out the word "ensure."

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPRATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “direct Staff to explore options including sharing permits so that
retail and personal service employees can afford permits.” (New Part F)

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman, you okay with that?

Council Member Berman: Sure.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was just going to comment that I like the sense
that we're asking Staff to explore it as opposed to prescribing something. If
at all possible, we ought to have consistent mechanisms between the
Downtown plan and the California Avenue plan. I'd hate to see us have a
different one for every neighborhood in the City solving the same problem.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. Your light wasn't on. Go ahead. I'm
just trying to get us out of here.

Council Member Wolbach: Just a couple of things. As far as differentiation—
I just want to say this real quick. As far as differentiation between different
neighborhoods, having heard this discussion I do think it is appropriate for
these neighborhoods, especially Evergreen, to be at least in some ways
potentially comparable to what we have in Downtown. I do think it is
appropriate for neighborhoods that are proximate to our major employment
centers to be potentially different than neighborhoods which are very
distance from major employment centers. I like this. I just wanted to offer
a couple of language clean-ups. Suggestions, because it's getting late. I
think we might have missed a couple of things here. I'm worried about eh
level of detail we've required here. Where it says retail and personal service
workers—actually "C" and "F," I was going to hopefully make a friendly
amendment to combine "C" and "F." Implement an RPP in Evergreen Park


                                                                       Page 121 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
