                          TRANSCRIPT
exiting onto Arastradero.        The project does include some conditional
exceptions to the R-1 standards. Those include lot dimension deviations
from either width or depth; the required width is 60 feet and the depth is
100 feet. That gets you the 6,000-square-foot minimum size lots. Two of
those lots actually have both a lot size deviation and lot dimension deviation.
Those two lots with the crosshatching are less than 6,000 square feet.
There was a traffic study that was conducted of this project. It concluded
that there would be 114 new daily trips from this site. That gets broken
down into the A.M. peak and the P.M. peak. During the A.M., you have nine
peak trips, six of those trips would be using the Arastradero-Clemo
intersection. In the afternoon, you would have 12 P.M. trips. There was
some extensive public outreach by both the City and the applicant. The City
did hold two stakeholder meetings, one October 22nd, the other on
November 4th of last year. Those were with the neighborhood leaders; it
was a much more focused group discussing the project. There was a
community meeting that followed that up in April, that was conducted by the
applicant and included a much wider audience. At that meeting, there was a
consensus that there is a lot of traffic in the area, but that's an existing
issue. In addition, there was some broad support for the subdivision as
currently proposed by the applicant. A couple of key issues here in the
subdivision and the conditional exception findings would be the compatibility
and connectivity of the subdivision as well as addressing the Mitigated
Negative Declaration. With compatibility, it's not likely that when developed
it'll be obvious that there are two lots that are less than 6,000 square feet as
they are in the interior or be obvious that some of these lots are less in lot
dimensions. The overall character of the project would be consistent with
the neighboring single-family development as well as the project does
include a low amount of new traffic. Specifically with the connectivity—just
tell you about the context. There are three schools within the vicinity. It's a
quarter mile from the El Camino Real Corridor. There is no existing sidewalk
along the project at Maybell. Maybell in general has inconsistent street
improvements. At the Planning Commission meeting, there was a discussion
about a new pedestrian path access from the interior of the project to
Maybell; however, the Commission thought that the access was adequate as
the project had proposed it. That didn't move forward. The project will
construct a sidewalk along its Maybell frontage.           With respect to the
Mitigated Negative Declaration, the Initial Study was circulated between
May 6th and May 26th, and there wasn't any comments that was presented
to the City.      The potential significant impacts would be to biological
resources. One mitigation measure for nesting birds because there are
mature trees on the site. The recommended Motion is that City Council
adopt the Mitigated Negative Declaration and approval of the tentative
subdivision to allow the division of land with the findings and conditions of

                                                                         Page 72 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
