                         TRANSCRIPT
The other problem is the aspect of uniformity is kind of lost, because the
house opposite to Eichler swim club is actually not an Eichler. I don't think
we have to worry about uniformity. We have to move on and actually adapt
to what the neighborhood needs. I challenge that the beauty of the
neighborhood is not on how homes are preserved, but how the
neighborhood evolves. There are many ways to solve privacy at each and
every case. I kindly ask you to reject this Motion. At the very minimum,
please exclude Kenneth Drive out of this Motion. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Bob Moss.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Listening to the
comments and reading the reports, I think you all missed the basic point.
The problem you have is that you're almost 90 years out of date with how
you handle single-family developments. In 1927, a requirement was put on
the property in Rancho Palos Verdes which required design review of all new
single-family homes. You should do that in Palo Alto. If the second story
was built appropriately, it would be compatible with the neighborhood.
There are two-story Eichlers. You could build a style similar to the two-story
Eichlers in Midtown which would look good and would have real concerns for
the neighbors' privacy. (inaudible) as an example. Many years ago, the
kind of dumpy house next to ours was sold to a couple of guys who made a
living redeveloping homes. They came over and talked to us. They said
they wanted to expand and build a two-story house next to us. We
discussed where the house should go, what the setbacks should be, where
the windows should go. He talked to us and our other neighbors, and the
house fits perfectly. You can do it if you look at the design and you look at
consistency of the neighborhood. If you had a single-family requirement for
design review, a lot of the complaints that you've heard tonight about the
need for SSO because of the impacts on the Eichler divine homes would go
away. I don't have any skin in this game. There's only one block on Barron
Park that I know of that has Eichlers; it's on Paul Avenue. It came in for a
single story overlay in '99 and was rejected. Twenty-eight homes, not a big
deal. The problem you've got is this is going to keep coming up over and
over again because people are building monster, two-story, ugly homes all
over Palo Alto, and they have negative impacts on the neighbors, whether
it's an Eichler neighborhood or not. Put in a requirement for single-story
design review.

Public Hearing closed at 8:06 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now return to the Council for discussion.
Who would like to go first? Council Member Kniss.


                                                                       Page 55 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
