                          TRANSCRIPT
Subhash Narang:        Good evening.       I have a few concerns about the
dewatering policy that the City is dealing with. As you probably know, the
house two doors next to us is constructing a basement. The contractor is
not really following all the policies or the guidelines that the City has issued.
I wanted to bring those to your attention. The first thing is that the City
document says that the contractor will supply the water to the neighboring
properties to the extent desired by the owners. We asked for a 10-gallon-
per-minute flow, and they have not been able to deliver it. We don't
understand why, because there are other properties, other basements
constructed where, in fact, they have been able to deliver water that can run
sprinklers without a problem. It seems like the Staff is talking to the
contractor and the contractor says, "No. We can't do it." That needs to be
dealt with. The property is going to finish dewatering in probably another
week or two. They are close to passing their 10-week limit as imposed by
the City. The policy says that after that, they have to pay a $500-per-day
penalty with possible escalation. I talked to the contractor, and they said
no, they're not going to pay because they're already paying the City $6,000
a month for purple water, and they don't owe anything more than that.
We'll see how it goes. We hope you will implement the recommendations
and impose the proper penalties. The water is being used not just by the
neighbors including my property, but also there are a couple of families who
are driving into the site with their own buckets and vans, three times a day.
This one lady is frail, older than me, doesn't want my help. She is lifting
these 10-gallon, 5-gallon buckets and loading them up in the van and taking
it to her house to water the lawn. We recommend those persons who are
making good use of this water which otherwise will go into the storm drain.
The purple water company, I talked with them to see what their feelings are,
because they come once a week and haul the water. Their main complaint
is that they don't have enough water flow to fill the truck in a reasonable
amount of time. The flow, according to them, is less than half of what the
recommendations are. Those are the few concerns we have. I have heard
that the fine, the $500-per-day fine, is supposed to be implemented on a
case-by-case basis. We hope that's not the case, that you will in fact stick
to the policy that you have put into place, that all policies are followed.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.




                                                                               Page 6 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
