                         TRANSCRIPT
would shake their heads at this and say this is rather complicated, but
maybe not. To go to Eric's question for a minute as to what brought this up,
I'd have a hard time believing that it wasn't the drought, because that's
where everyone became more aware. In my neighborhood in particular
where this has been going on for a long time, I have heard people discussing
this for as long as basements have gone in. What looks like a very
substantial amount of water has flowed down the drain often for weeks at a
time and appears to have, regardless of what your explanations have been
which are certainly rational, appears though to have been water wasted. I
think it's hard to change the perception. We on the Council deal with
perception as much as what we may call scientific evidence at the same
time. I would mention tonight that I think that in good part if you ask a
number of our constituents, they would feel that this was a substantial waste
of water and whatever we can recoup from that, however we can recycle it is
going to be of great value.

Mayor Burt: I just want to remind colleagues that in this round we want to
stick to technical questions. We'll come back for our discussion after we
hear from the public. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. Phil, I just wanted to address the issue that
it's a pilot project. When would you anticipate coming back to Council to
review these new requirements? Would it be at the end of 2016 or would it
be early 2017 before the next ... That's my first question.

Mr. Bobel: I wouldn't envision coming back before the end of this next
construction season in 2016, because we'll get a lot more information about
how difficult this was for people, how valuable it was for us. I would say at
least not until the end of the '16 construction season.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I noticed in the recommendations there's nothing about
coming back to Council to review the results of the pilot program. Do we
need to put that in there? I mean, it's a pilot program. It seems that we
should have some discussion if we want to continue it.

Mr. Bobel: Sure.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm trying to get a sense of when you—I guess we'd
just leave that open to you, when to come back. I'm thinking about the first
construction season, then you have a whole other winter, and you can come
back at that point. That seems reasonable?

Mr. Bobel:    Yes, definitely to report back in that timeframe seems
reasonable.

                                                                      Page 40 of 125
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/1/16
