                         TRANSCRIPT
Attachment A, approving the Architectural Review application for four new
office buildings at 1050 Page Mill Road. I would then also, since I heard the
applicant—at least I saw the applicant nod. If the applicant has a problem
with it, if Stanford has a problem, speak up—that the landscaping be
predominantly indigenous plants providing natural habitat. I'm open to
language changes on this from either Stanford or the applicant. The concept
was to provide a landscape reserve at the rear edge of the property
sufficient to provide for a future bikeway spine should such a spine project
be adopted in the future by Stanford and the City, and that agreement to
this condition would be required from the lessee and Stanford.

Ms. Gitelman: Vice Mayor Scharff, by referencing the rear end of the
property, our thought was that it would be to the south of that building
that's at the rear end of the property.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm happy to do any language changes you want on
that. Maybe we just say provide a landscape reserve at the south end of the
property. Edge closest to Cal. Ave.

Ms. Gitelman: Or inboard of Building 3. It would be south of Building 3.

Vice Mayor Scharff: South of Building 3, that's fine. Hillary, maybe you
could work with the Clerk to just fix the language. If the applicant and
Stanford want to take a quick look and suggest some language (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Does that complete the Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: It does.

Mayor Burt: We need a second.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Burt: Seconded by Council Member Kniss.

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:

A.   Certify the Final Environmental Impact Report and adopt a project
     specific Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program; and

B.   Adopt a Record of Land Use Action approving the Architectural Review
     application for four new office buildings at 1050 Page Mill Road; and

C.   Require landscaping that is predominately indigenous plants providing
     natural habitat; and
                                                                       Page 78 of 94
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/11/16
