                          TRANSCRIPT
cities, not just Palo Alto, the habit of doing whatever kind of zoning or
arranging will make the most value for the land.           People have been
understandably (inaudible) of a system in which developers get a freebie in
density, and everybody else has to pay for it You have to give up your
fireplace. You have to give up your lawns. You have to give up your house.
Anyway, I wanted to suggest that if you have this unusual situation of a
property that is zoned Public Facility, you not only get the Public Facility but
you get a quid pro quo. In exchange for the density that would make a lot
more money for the developer, you ask for rent control. You ask that
essentially Prop 13 be extended to renters.          The developer gets the
permission to have rental units that rent at a decent profit, say 1 percent
over the Treasury bond yield. I don't know; something reasonable. Just like
Prop 13, it can go up one percent every single year. I think that would be
fair. It's really not fair to have the developers get more, more, more, and
everybody else get less, less, less. I think that's something you could really
give some thought to. I have to tell you I've been a landlord or part of a
landlord's family. That sent me to private school, and it sent me to Europe.
I'm getting kind of tired of—I think we do need rent control, but I'm getting
kind of tired of hearing about greedy landlords. I wish you'd think about
that. You could have those micro units that you talked about on that
property. You could have rent control, and it would be fair. It would be a
quid pro quo, a contingency. You want this extra, extra, extra, good, good,
good. Pay for it with the rent control. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications. Mr. City
Manager, in response to some of the questions raised about the TMA, do you
know when we'll be having the Downtown Parking Comprehensive Study
report come back to Council?

James Keene, City Manager: Yes. As I think the Council's aware, there are
a number of factors that are in that report including how we're going to look
at free versus paid parking and the development of other potential revenue
streams that could be useful. The Staff expects to come back to the Council
by January of 2017 with that.

Mayor Burt: I thought it was coming this fall.

Mr. Keene: That's where they told me the schedule is. If you have some
concerns about it, I'll visit with them and get you more details.

Mayor Burt: Also, are we going to get data on utilization of Caltrain Go
Passes by City Hall employees?



                                                                         Page 53 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
