                         TRANSCRIPT
Does it make any sense at all to start thinking about putting part of that
aside to help cover our unfunded our liability? I know we do that in other
ways, but we should compound that in any way? It's not much of a return.

Mr. Perez: You're talking about the interest income?

Council Member Holman: Yeah.

Mr. Perez: You could certainly give us direction to do that. Obviously it
would have to be the General Fund portion. The majority of our portfolio is
the other funds, the assets. Those are policy decisions that are appropriate,
if you wanted to do that.

Council Member Holman: It's just a thought. We do collect impact fees, and
they aren't specifically called out here. I've wondered this before, and I
think I asked it at Finance. Should we not be building in annual escalators
into our impact fees? We only reevaluate them every so often.

Mr. Perez: We can. As long as we have not set the fee at 100 percent of
the Study, we as an organization have room to do that. It's something we
can definitely do. The practice has been that we have not. Part of that was
because the level of the fees, how they were set in comparison to other
surrounding jurisdictions. We could definitely have new direction to reset
them as long as there's room. Once you reach the 100 percent, then you
can't unless you do a Study and then to the nexus.

Council Member Holman: It's just that we so infrequently evaluate them,
and they generally lag behind. We always readjust them when we do
evaluate them.

Mr. Perez: I think for that our preference would be that you as the Council
give us that direction.

Council Member Holman: I think that's it for the moment. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just a few quick questions. The graphs all look—they
shoot up from 2022 in a fairly upward trend. Clearly it's the base case of
12, but it's 15. What's the real driver where things turn around in 2022-26?
Is that Property Taxes? What's causing that?

Mr. Saccio: Which graph? I'm sorry. Which page?



                                                                      Page 91 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
