                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: While I have the mike then, I would say I'm
certainly interested in looking at affordable units coming forward, some
application for affordable for units coming forward sooner.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I hope I understood the question right. It seems to
me that even if we're going to use PCs, we're still going to need some
guidelines on what we're going to accept or not accept. As to whether that
has to be tied to the Comp Plan, it seems to me they could be asynchronous.
I think the more interesting thing is what's the guidance of what we're going
to do as opposed to whether it's a PC or not a PC. I don't see how it needs
to be tied to the Comp Plan.

Mayor Burt: We have a couple of different ways that we might approach it,
but the question is do we want to have a Council meeting where we can take
action, which can be at a policy level. It doesn't mean we adopt the Zoning
Code there. It says out of that meeting, we want a modified PC or we don't
want to use the modified PC, we want a zoning. We give clear direction.
Staff comes back, goes through the process, and comes up with
modifications to the Zoning Code to reflect whatever that direction would be.
Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I definitely think we should work to bring back
both types of housing as quickly as Staff is able to.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: At least come back with the affordable housing. I
don't know about the other as yet, but I'd like to see us get a start on just
what you talked about tonight, Candace, which is where could you put that.
Leave what's been called the micro units for now until we can get through
the affordable. It's sort of like one step at a time.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was going to say something similar. The Mayor
mentioned a couple of other things. I just want to make sure that's not
what we're talking about. You talked about priority setting; that's different
than doing the Comp Plan.

Mayor Burt: No. That was in response to Director Gitelman saying they
would think it would—without us giving other direction, they would await
next year's priority setting to then figure out whether this fits in it.


                                                                      Page 34 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
