                          TRANSCRIPT
build some condos or some townhouses somewhere down the line if it could
be financially feasible. Our recommendations would be don't overcharge.
These fees and all of the impact fees that are being levied against
development now, whether it's traffic or schools or parks or water or sewer
or any of those, eventually affect the bottom line because development is
the total cost of fees, total cost of construction. All of these figure into
whether or not that project is going to go. You should be taking regional
consideration. By that, I mean Silicon Valley region, not San Francisco, the
people's republic of Berkeley and other municipalities or jurisdictions that
really aren't anything like this community. Work with your neighbors
because this is where housing should be built for the jobs that are being
located here. Finally, do some incentives. We supported the City of
Fremont's lowering of their rental impact fees so that they could incentivize
rental housing and cutting in half the fee for what they term affordable by
design, what you may consider microunits, located near transportation.
Those are some ideas to consider. Finally, I'd like to congratulate the City
Manager on his retirement and taking the opportunity tonight—this is what I
hear, he's retiring. Yes? I was premature.

Mayor Burt: Our Police Chief is retiring.

Mr. Martin: Thank you for noting that housing could be built on many
vacant lots in the Downtown area.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stephanie Munoz, to be
followed by Leslye Corsiglia.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council. I'd like to call to
your attention this week's Palo Alto Weekly, which all of you see and
hopefully read. There is an editorial by the publisher. It says, as we learned
all too well during the 2013 debate over Measure D and the failed senior
housing proposal on Mayfield, the biggest obstacle to any affordable housing
project is the sky high cost of land in Palo Alto. It makes it practically
impossible to build affordable housing. I'd ask you please to go home and
pick up that paper and read the editorial and think about it a little bit. I hate
to sound like Scrooge—nobody wants to be a meanie. We really cannot
afford to give to affordable housing recipients the same degree of amenities
that are purchased by very wealthy people. Don't look at me as if I'm an
elitist-type person. There are 6,000 homeless people; they are getting
nothing while people are examining the feel good premise that low-income
people deserve the same kind of housing as high-income people. No, they
don't. The result of pretending that they do is that they get nothing. There
are people outside tonight, and it is cold, cold, cold. We've got to build
some affordable housing. I would recommend that you think about little

                                                                           Page 55 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
