                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PART D PASSED: 8-0

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Keene: A quick question. It is 10:30 P.M. now. We still have Item
Number 10, East Palo Alto water Colleagues' Memo.           We had some
discussion about continuing the Closed Session tonight to the 12th. Right
now your agenda looks better on the 12th than it does right now. I thought
there was some sense that if we got done by 10:00 P.M. or 10:30 P.M., we'd
look at tonight. Otherwise, carry it over to the 12th.

Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead and carry over Item 1A to the 12th.

Mr. Keene: I'll let the Fire Chief and the Human Resources (HR) Director
know so they can go home.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Agenda Item Number 1A - CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY … continued
to December 12, 2016.

10.   Colleagues’ Memo Regarding East Palo Alto Water Shortage.

Mayor Burt: Now we will go to Item Number 10, which is a Colleagues'
Memo addressing the East Palo Alto water shortage. I assume all of you
have had an opportunity to read the memo. At a high level, we've been
aware for at least during this year that East Palo Alto is very constrained by
a water supply allocation that was given to them more than 20 years ago. It
basically is an allocation that severely restricts their ability to add housing
and even commercial development within a reasonable amount. They have
a fraction of the allocation per capita that other cities including Palo Alto
have within the Hetch Hetchy water system. The makers of the Colleagues'
Memo and myself have tried to lay out both the significance of this for our
neighboring city, the fairness of a reallocation for their wellbeing. Frankly
their wellbeing favorably affects our community. The pretty nominal impact
on Palo Alto of a reallocation in the neighborhood of a half million Gallons
per Day (GPD), gallons per day. On that note and at this late hour, we
would be happy to respond to any questions from colleagues and then hear
from members of the public. The direction of the Memo is to refer this to
the Policy and Services Committee.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's two things.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry?
                                                                         Page 70 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
