                          TRANSCRIPT
additional scenarios. The whole idea of putting out a document that has
these broad planning scenarios with different combinations of land use and
transportation investments in them is we want to elicit Council, CAC and
public comments on just those characteristics of each scenario. We are
expecting that people will bring forward their own scenarios or hybrids or
variations on the scenarios that we've analyzed. We're also expecting that
the scenario that we end up with at the end of the day, that the Council
adopts or selects as their preferred strategy or approach for the Comp. Plan
Update will fall within the range that we've described with these four
scenarios. We could be wrong. Stranger things have happened. We've
tried to be a little forward-looking and broad in our definition of these
scenarios so that we hope where we end up will fall somewhere in this range
or close to it.

Mayor Burt: Can you add what your intention is on when we get the—an
EIR follows legal guidelines as well as being a tool for what we're doing.
What are you intentions on public comments, both the process and the
period for the Draft EIR and then the final EIR and how it compares to legal
requirements?

Ms. Gitelman: Happy to answer that. The legal requirement for a public
comment period for a Draft EIR is 45 days. We're proposing double that, a
90 day period, for public comments. During that public comment period,
we'll be scheduling opportunities for the City Council to provide comments at
a public meeting. Also any of the Boards and Commissions that are
interested in providing their comments and if the CAC is interested in
providing comments, we will schedule a meeting for them to do so as well.
Our obligation is ultimately in the final EIR to respond to all the comments
we received during the public comment period. Any substantive comment
will be slavishly recorded and responded to in the final EIR. We also hope,
as soon as the public comment period is over, after the 90-day period, we'll
be able to bundle up all the input we've received, bring it to the Council, and
at that point ask the Council for their direction on what they think the
preferred scenario would be. In other words, based on their own comments
and on what they've heard from the public and the Boards and the
Commissions, how do they think we should evolve these four planning
scenarios into the one scenario that will be the Comprehensive Plan Update
at the end of the process?

Mayor Burt: Dan, turn it over to you and the Committee.

Mr. Garber: Committee Members? Lisa and then Bonnie. Please come up
to the mike.


                                                                            Page 57 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
