                         TRANSCRIPT
Eric Beamesderfer: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity to speak on this issue
today. My name is Eric Beamesderfer from Director of Operations for a
restaurant group here with Reposado, the Palo Alto Creamery, and Gravity
restaurants here in Downtown. We as an employer were already challenged
with staff shortages. Most of our employees need at least two jobs to live in
the Bay Area and to raise their families. Although I'm not insensitive, being
a homeowner, to the needs of the residential areas, we as a business and
the businesses in Downtown, our revenues directly support this community.
We spend our dollars in this community. We live a great deal of our time in
these communities. As an employer, we're asking for sensitivity to enable
our employees to come and earn a reasonable wage to support their
families. In terms of alternatives, we encourage public transportation with
our employees. It's an ongoing process and will continue. It is part of a
solution; we recognize that. However, to reduce and limit the opportunity of
our employees who support your community to earn a living wage in this
community by reduction of parking and those opportunities for people who
require that vehicle to make it to that second job and that opportunity on a
timely manner, we ask for you to consider that as it will cause an undue
hardship on a significant number of people who do live and work in this
community. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.       Next speaker is Rob Fischer, to be
followed by Belinda Brown.

Rob Fischer: Good afternoon. My name is Rob Fischer. I also work with
Eric. I agree with him as far as limiting or reducing the number of parking
permits will definitely put an undue hardship on our employees. I also sat
on the RPP parking committee when it first started, with Chop Keenan, and
also agree with him and will concur that there was never any mention of
reducing the number of permits that would be supplied to employees. We
have to look at this and understand that when we make an agreement that
we stick to it. When we don't, it doesn't make any sense for us. I just think
that we need to really evaluate what we're doing here and realize that we do
live in a vibrant community. It's a very successful community; people want
to be here and work here and live here. Somehow we have to come to a
happy medium where everybody can be happy. I ask that you reconsider
this. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Belinda Brown, to be
followed by Alma Villalobos.

Belinda Brown: Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity to speak. I
just want to support the points that were talked by Mr. Eric and Mr. Robert
about reconsider the point of taking away these parking permits for the

                                                                       Page 16 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/23/16
