                          TRANSCRIPT
added to what we call the use plan. That's the third recommendation. The
fourth one is expanding the specifications, tightening them down for Mike's
fill station. Not that he didn't do a great job with the specifications we had,
but you always live and learn when you put something like this in place.
Needless to say, we've learned a couple of important things, and we can get
into that if you like. There are two things I'd specifically mention. One, this
pressure issue. It was noticed that the spigot we had for hoses for the next
door neighbors and close by residents, that in some cases didn't have
enough pressure to actually do the job, so we're going to specify that it
essentially be pumped not just under the head pressure of the tank so that
there will be sufficient pressure. It'll act more like a true garden hose.
Another one that I'll mention is the metering of the water or measuring of
the amount of water. We hadn't required that specifically, but it's now very
clear that everybody wants statistics on this including us. We all want to
know how much water is really being used, how much water is being
pumped out. It's not an expensive thing to require that a meter be put on
this, so this year we'll be metering them all. Those are our first four
recommendations, and they all deal with trying to utilize this water more
fully, prevent what some feel is a wasting of the water. Thanks, Kirsten.
Now, the fifth one is different. The fifth recommendation is to broaden our
current requirements for the grading permit so that we can have a finding by
the builder/owner as to whether there is significant likelihood of an effect on
adjacent or nearby property. This one has enough detail to it that I'm going
to actually use this one page handout that the Clerk gave you a few minutes
ago. While it's attached to your Staff Report, it's sort of hard to find. I
forget even its attachment number, but it's kind of hard to find in there.
Even better reason to look at this sheet of paper that just got handed out is
it's numbered. The thing in our Staff Report wasn't numbered and lettered,
and so it'll be easier to talk about if you have questions if we're all using this
sheet of paper because it's numbered. For members of the public that would
look like this. It's right behind me here. This is a numbered version of the
same thing that's attached to the Staff Report. I'm not going to go through
it completely.      Now this numbering system on the slide matches the
numbering system. It's the details of Recommendation Number 5. I
apologize. This is a new Number 1, a subpart of Recommendation Number
5. Everything from now on on this sheet is a subsection of Recommendation
Number 5. It'll get less confusing here soon. The first part of this just says
you've got to tell us what alternative construction measures you considered,
applicant, when you chose to dewater it in the way that you're describing.
The second one—I'm not going to go through all these. These are basically
information requirements. You have to give us information with respect to
your dewatering proposal that hits on all of these Number 2 features. Now,
the one that's a little bit different, and maybe we'll just skip to that, Kirsten,
is "G." The one that isn't just technical information but requires analysis is
                                                                          Page 36 of 125
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/1/16
