                          TRANSCRIPT
Another thing that, I think, we need to look at is we are becoming a much
more multicultural City. Should we be providing some of this information in
different languages? These things might be really clear to some folks; it
might be a little more complicated for others. Given the gravity of the
decision, I think it's important that everybody really make sure that they
understand what they're voting on. I think that's something that should be
considered for future deliberations. I agree that—one thing that we didn't
talk about in regards to taking 90 days to go through the application process
is we have an appeals process. I think we've eliminated the fees for the
appeals process or at least dramatically reduced them to the point that that
would then come to Council. I think the Council fully understands the
concerns that people have about big homes being built in their
neighborhoods. I think that's really the backstop. I don't think an interim
SSO is appropriate, especially given the flaws in the process that we have.
If somebody were to try to ram through a big, ugly, inappropriate, two-story
house in the interim, that would immediately get appealed to Council, and
we could deal with it in that way. I'm very curious about the Eichler design
guidelines. I guess Sunnyvale and Cupertino have them. I like the idea of it
going to Policy and Services for further discussion, but there should be a
bigger discussion from Council first. Let's see if we can improve that process
to hopefully to get to that 70 percent support in the community. It's purely
speculation now as to whether or not there would be 70 percent support.
I'm not going to make a decision based on speculation. I'm going to make a
decision based on people voting in a proper process. I don't think we have
that here.     I'm not comfortable supporting—I've supported two SSOs
already, but I'm not comfortable supporting this one.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you, and thank you to everyone who came
this evening on whichever side that you support, whether SSO or not. In a
way, I don't see this as the difficult decision that some Council Members
have alluded to. Whether in email or this evening, there's either been a lot
of support for the SSO or support for protecting the Eichler character.
There's been some opposition to not allowing second stories because of floor
area but, I think, there's—I don't know the percentages. I don't have that at
hand. I don't think it's probably as complicated and as divided as we might
think, if we must put it in terms of supporting this SSO or not supporting this
SSO, if you put it in terms of supporting Eichler design and Eichler homes. I
actually would support doing an interim—let me ask a question first. If Staff
received an application for a two-story home now and the Council came back
and said—something came to us on appeal, and we said this doesn't work,
this does, that's out character. What kind of purview would the Council

                                                                        Page 63 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
