                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Milam: If I could just add. There are better models available to forecast
travel time in the future. Josh is right. They do require you to actually
model, though, individual intersections because those are the bottlenecks or
constraints in the network. Not a lot of cities have those kind of models
built. We've built one, for example, in Pasadena where their street system is
relatively built out and the kind of development they have is infill. It
basically moves traffic around and creates delays. The freeway also has an
effect. Those models do require more data and a lot more investment in the
tools than a lot of communities have been willing to spend. The question for
the community is really how much do you value being able to manage your
traffic, because it does require a whole different set of tools than a
conventional TIA typically requires.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Mindful of time, I'll try to be
quick here. First of all, thank you very much for coming and conducting this
with us tonight. This has been very interesting. I think it makes perfect
sense for CEQA to drop LOS as a metric. LOS and VMT are two very
different things. LOS is more of a quality of life thing, and VMT is (inaudible)
anyway more about emissions and greenhouse gases. CEQA is supposed to
be environmental, and VMT is an environmental thing. LOS really kind of is
not, other than as some people pointed out the second order effect of people
idling at intersections and stuff. I do think from a practical perspective the
Vice Mayor has kind of an interesting point about you can sue under CEQA,
and you may not be able to under other kind of things. With respect to the
quality of life issue, everybody knows traffic's a problem. The thing about
LOS—it's really trip time. If we can get to better measurements of trip time,
that's a step forward too. For the moment, what we've got is LOS. That's
really how the community measures the problem. They say, "It takes me
this long to get from California Avenue to Meadow on El Camino." That's
how the community defines the problem. There's a bunch of dialog in the
Minutes and floating around the ecosystem of people saying we're moving
away from LOS, we're not going to need that anymore, and so forth. The
risk there is if we drop LOS as sort of a key metric, we're kind of moving
away from the community because that's how the community sees it.
There's been some discussion here tonight and also in the Minutes of
meetings and stuff like that, that there ought to be some correlation
between vehicle miles traveled, if you do it the right way, and LOS. I hope
that’s true. If it is true, then we're going to see it in LOS. I think we need
to keep LOS, and I think everybody here agrees with that. I do agree with
Council Member DuBois that we ought to look at thresholds as well. The
                                                                         Page 37 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
