                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I will commence. The first would be—I'm going
to be looking for a second from anyone who would be friendly to them or
supportive—to add to Table 2 Scenario 6. An additional line which would
read allow reduced parking requirements for residential development when
in conjunction with TDM and RPP.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

Council Member Wolbach: That's just for Table 2, Scenario 6.

AMENDMENT F: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to add to the Motion, “

B.    Scenario 6:

      i.    Add to Table 2 Scenario 6, ‘reduce parking requirements for
            residential    developments   when  in   conjunction   with
            Transportation Demand Management (TDM) and Residential
            Preferential Parking (RPP).’”

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Holman: When Tom started out, he said include the
following changes to Scenario 5. "C" actually should have a different
heading, because it's Scenario 6.

Mayor Burt: Start that grouping as Scenario 6. We'll do that just as a way
to organize it. I will second that, but then I want to offer—you already did.
Can I offer just a suggested slight modification to the language?

Council Member Wolbach: Happy to hear it.

Mayor Burt: Rather than say specifically RPP, it would be where adjacent to
parking restrictions.

Council Member Wolbach: How about this? In conjunction with residential
TDM and adjacent to parking restrictions.

Mayor Burt: On-street parking restrictions, I should say.

Council Member Wolbach: (crosstalk) to on-street parking restrictions. I'm
comfortable with that clarification instead of using the specific RPP. Are you
okay with that, Tom? Council Member DuBois?


                                                                        Page 65 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
