                          TRANSCRIPT
one of the major quality of life determinants. Just having to do with the
mass, scale and design, like I said, housing is one of our needs, but it's not
our only need. This needs to be designed with the care that it's compatible
and satisfies our other design requirements. We had a requirement for a
water reservoir, but we took the care and spent the money to make sure
that it was designed well. It was a great project, and it is a great project. A
project on such a prominent corner as this needs to be a great project. At
this point in time—I know this is early. I know this is just a prescreening
just to give comments about what direction and directions, from my
perspective, this should go. Those kind of encapsulate my comments.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. A whole bunch of different things. First of
all, I guess I wanted to say on the current zoning. Whereas, I don't share
Council Member Filseth's beliefs on that; I do believe, though, that we have
a right to keep it as Public Facility because of the educational use. We just—
was it last Council meeting or two Council meetings ago—changed the
zoning or said we would consider changing the zoning to educational use for
two retail parcels because there's a shortage of places for schools. It's clear
to me, at least in my mind—obviously we want to get legal counsel's opinion
on it. I believe we could keep the zoning exactly the way it is, if we wanted
to. I don't believe we have any duty to change it or any reason to. With
that said, I was really skeptical of this project, I would say. It violates all
the principles that I typically support, which would be ground-floor retail,
projects that are fully parked, projects that don't add to traffic and
congestion, all of that. The developer here has been really forthright and
really willing to think outside the box to make this work. For me, I'm really
interested in seeing if we could have a project, which doesn't have traffic
and congestion. For me, this project works with 45 parking spaces instead
of 109 or something like that if we have deed restrictions that say you can't
own cars or something similar to that. I'm not interested in this if it's not
going to really work. If we really do have, frankly, straight-out deed
restriction, a deed restriction on the entire project that says no more than X
number of units may have a car and we have ways to enforce that, if that
happens, then I would support this. I think it's out of the box. I think it
could be a great pilot project. For me, the devil's in the details about how
we actually enforce no cars or 50 percent of the people would basically have
cars under this, in my view. Given that it's 45 parking spaces, it's about 50
percent of the parking. That's the direction I would give to the developer.
Come back with a proposal that's robust and says there won't be any cars
more than the parking spaces, so it won't include parking. If you had that
less parking, then I would assume this would create not very much traffic
                                                                        Page 38 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
