                          TRANSCRIPT
the ARB. Moving forward with that Staff recommendation in the blue color
scheme, the design consultant came up with a menu of different types of
signage that would be installed Downtown. Outside of each surface lots,
there would be these pylons that are in the center. There would be signage
that would be attached in a cantilever fashion to the outside of the garages.
There would be monument signs outside of the surface lots and the garages
with detailed information about any parking fees, permit restrictions, hours,
that sort of thing. What you might see on the sign on the lower left-hand
corner is a real-time parking occupancy. That real-time parking occupancy
has been designed into several design types by our consultant to tie into the
automated parking guidance systems or APGS that we've heard a lot of
residents are very excited to talk about. The automated parking guidance
system is the system that gives you real-time occupancy in the Downtown
garages. It tells you how many spaces are available or it tells you if the
facility is open or closed. It can help reduce traffic congestion Downtown by
telling people where spaces are available. Instead of waiting for that one
person to pull out of an on-street space, they know that there are 20 spaces
available in Bryant/Lytton, "I'm going to go there." It helps to increase the
utilization of the existing off-street parking spaces, and it helps the City with
a positive perception of our parking system. You've probably seen these in
several places before. Here are some examples that our consultants have
provided of Automated Parking Guidance Systems in action. We again went
through a stakeholder process as part of this parking guidance system. The
first meeting that we had with the stakeholders was really a discussion
session on gauging their feedback on what they think about signage and
parking in Downtown and how they could see a parking technology helping
with the perception of parking and with the ease of finding parking. A lot of
words that we heard were congested, frustration, people need help, need to
know where they can find places. Again, "frustrating" was mentioned a
number of times. Taking that information forward into the different types of
systems that were available, the consultant could start to determine some
idea of what would work best for Palo Alto. Tying in the parking branding,
wayfinding and with the parking guidance systems, this is just a mockup of
what these types of systems could look like in Downtown. Again, that blue
color is the Staff recommendation. They also mocked up the green color.
These signs can either give a full facility count, saying like 120 spaces are
available in the full garage or they can give a level-by-level count, so 20
spaces on Level 1, 50 spaces on Level 2. As I mentioned, there are a few
different types of parking guidance systems. The first is a facility count
parking guidance system. That's kind of the base-level system. You may
have seen these in City of San Jose; Seattle, as mentioned here, has this
type of system also. It displays open or full or a total count of spaces
available in the whole facility. It doesn't break it down any further. It
doesn't give any information about where those spaces are available. Being
                                                                          Page 45 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
