                          TRANSCRIPT
VMT on a per capita basis, you may even get into questions as to how many
people are going to live in the house that's being built. Is there going to be
the standard census number that we got or is it going to be some other
number that the developer is trying to justify? Those kinds of questions will
come up.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's all about the assumption of where they come from
because it's vehicle miles traveled or where they're going if they're
(crosstalk).

Mr. Milam: Your office example is an important one, especially in the tech
sector. As you start getting into offices where the occupants could be very
high income occupants, they have the ability to live further away typically
and may do so. Not all offices are going to be equal. You have to think
about are we going to treat offices all the same. Right now a lot of office
projects, if you think of the trip generation estimate, oftentimes will just look
up what does an office generate in this area versus trying to differentiate
that across a lot of different types and thinking about who the occupant will
be. Oftentimes, once you approve that office, unless you've got Conditional
Use Permits or some other way of addressing tenant changes, you could
have a tenant change over time that could increase the VMT dramatically,
that you don't control.

Mr. Mello: I think this is going to add a whole other level of discussion when
we talk about these development proposals and projects. We're going to be
talking about where people are coming from, the trip lengths and the travel
market, which Ron talked about earlier. That discussion doesn't really
happen when we're talking just about level of service and traffic impacts to
adjacent intersections.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We could put that aside and just look at our TIA,
because we could do a TIA for these projects. That would be based on our
General Plan and conditions of approval, and then you wouldn't have to
worry as much about the CEQA analysis if you didn't want to. You could just
check the box. That's what you said.

Mr. Milam: If you wanted to adopt the OPR guidance, they give you a
number of screening options that streamline the review if a project is located
in the right place.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's most of Palo Alto, so I think we have that choice.
I'm trying to understand if we really are concerned about traffic in the City
and congestion and all of that. We're obviously going to have the choice. I
just wanted to make sure we do in my mind, that we have the choice to

                                                                         Page 24 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
