                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I mean, what would be the rationale for determining what that
level is? I mean, we seem to have pretty rigorous processes and want to
have data that we're basing some decisions on.

Council Member Schmid: You have a whole page here on "B," of asking the
applicants to estimate likely impacts on others, on the environment, on
trees, on all kinds of things. You're making a request of them to say, "I
either will or will not have an impact."

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, I think the question is the specific
number that you came up with, what would be our basis for that number.

Council Member Schmid: It's whether I could use a dollar figure or, if not
that, put a cap on.

Mayor Burt: It could be 10 million gallons. It could be 250,000 gallons.
The question is, is there some basis for that number.

Council Member Schmid: Yes. Because we're trying to encourage use of the
water, so I'm only ...

Mayor Burt: That sounds like a basis for a number.

Council Member Schmid: Yeah, I'm only putting ...

Mayor Burt: The Staff's question was what's the basis for that number.

Council Member Schmid: The 3 million gallons is about one-third of the
average dewatering that took place in 2015 per house.

Mr. Keene: May I make a comment? I really think the Council's losing sight
of the work the Policy and Services Committee did. It's understandable. A
lot of you weren't there. I think we're also losing sight of the fact that we
have tried to come back to be able to implement something now at the
beginning of the construction season with the recognition that this serious
issue is not going to be resolved in one, two, three, six months. We are not
anywhere in this Motion saying this is the end of the conversation, this is the
end of the analysis, this is the end of the consideration of additional policies.
We've got to triage and make some decisions now. A lot of the things you're
going to ask us to do, we're going to say we can't implement this, we need
to go back and so some assessment on what you're asking us to do to tell
you the implications. Then you're losing ground.

Council Member Schmid: I have a basic concern. You are not requiring
metering of water that comes out. How can you do any future estimates ...

                                                                         Page 61 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
