                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Richard Brand, to be followed
by Herb Borock.

Richard Brand: Good evening, Council Members. Richard Brand, former RPP
stakeholder now that that's been dissolved. I appreciate that because the
idea is that the stick really is coming from the RPP program, like it or not. I
think that's important. We all want the TMA to survive. I appreciate your
coming in. It was fascinating. Thank you for holding this session, too,
because it was very noteworthy what Stanford has done. Of course, they
have deep pockets and they have full-time people. I don't think my friend
Rob here—this is not his full-time job. With that said, I think a couple of
things in the Staff Report—I'm speaking to Staff here. The EMC survey while
good is only for an area that does not include Whole Foods. The numbers
that you're using to justify certain things, be careful. I know it's a first
survey and you have to crawl before you can walk, but it was just the area
bounded by Everett and Forest. There's a lot of people working down South
of Forest Avenue (SOFA) area that drive in cars and park in front of my
house; although, not as bad as it used to be. Just a word that we need next
time and actually you need to go for a budget to get a bigger survey size.
I'd say thank you for the work. Do more marketing and outreach to the
citizens of the City. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Herb Borock to be followed by our final speaker,
Phyllis Cassel.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members. The City essentially created
and empowered the TMA. The committee is asking for funding from the
City. On either of those justifications, this organization is required to abide
by the open meeting requirements of the Ralph M. Brown Act. The City can
certainly condition its financial support to require that, if I am wrong about
the law requiring it. I do believe that the law does require the open
meeting, and that includes restricting it to regular meetings and not
meetings that are just on 24-hours notice and meetings and places that are
easy to attend and with public noticing in the same places that meetings of
this body are noticed. In regards to the funding, there's a budget on Page 7,
packet Page 13, of $182,000 including $54,000 for a pilot program. On the
following page, it's recommending $100,000 from the City including its
$10,000 membership and $90,000 for overhead plus up to another
$100,000 for pilot programs which would include that $54,000. To me,
that's at least $154,000 out of $182,000 that the City is being asked for at
the beginning. Finally, different people have different reasons why they
think this kind of program should go on. Council Member Filseth mentioned
it could get the cars out of the neighborhoods. Russ Cohen mentioned it
would provide parking spaces for customers for retail establishments.
                                                                         Page 69 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
