                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That's more of a question directed to the Committee in terms
of what they discussed. The Staff is not structuring this. The Committee
was moving in those directions.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me rephrase. Based on the Committee's
discussion, was that part of the discussion and was that also part of the
discussion in the outreach to the business community?

Mr. Keene: We didn't get to that point.

Council Member Wolbach: If we do move forward with something for the fall
of 2016, we're looking at a pretty short timeline. What's the deadline again
to get something on the ballot?

Mr. Keene: August 12th.

Council Member Wolbach: August 12th. In that timeline, what would the
impact on City Staff workload over the course of the summer be if we did
decide to move forward tonight on the path towards a 2016 ballot measure?
I don't know if that's easy to quantify or qualify, but I'm curious what that
would be like for the Staff over the summer.

Mr. Keene: We can't quantify it. It's a lot of work. I think the concern is
it's—there are a lot of moving parts that would have to be integrated pretty
quickly together. I'd be hard pressed to feel that we're doing our best Staff
work in this kind of timeframe.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Mr. Mayor, if I could just add in response to
that. If the Council is considering moving forward for this fall, we do need to
have a small group or a designated representative from the Council that we
could work with actively over the break. There is detail to the drafting.
There are a lot of issues to be worked out. In order to bring something back
that has at least some Council direction and support closer to the timeframe
when you'd need to put it on the ballot, we would ask that Council provide
that for July.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mr. Keene: I would just say the more intricate and complex the structure is,
the more concern that I have about our ability to fulfill the Council's wishes
and the potential for confusion. Simplicity in a lot of ways with the measure
in the nearer term, I think, would be an important factor.

Council Member Wolbach: Just want to make sure we're all on the same
page and really clear about what the soonest we could start to collect would

                                                                         Page 59 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
