                          TRANSCRIPT
a standard that we didn't want to just be a follower in the county. I'd like to
offer a couple of friendly amendments. The first is to ...

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Council Member Wolbach: I'll offer a substitute Motion, which would be to
move the Staff recommendation with the following changes. It basically
would just change the dates. The first date would change to 4/1/2017. The
third date would be 7/1/2018. That would not include the—after exceptions,
where it says, the third to last line, "and commit to updating," starting with
the word "and," before "and commit to updating," that would all be stricken,
because that was not part of the Staff recommendation. That's the Motion.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Berman to adopt an Ordinance amending the City’s
Minimum Wage Ordinance to increase the minimum wage to $15.00 per
hour in three steps: $12.00 on April 1, 2017; $13.50 on January 1, 2018,
$15.00 on July 1, 2018, and a Consumer Price Index (CPI) increase after
2019 indexed to the Bay Area CPI with a 5 percent cap and no exemptions.

Mayor Burt: Did you need to speak further to it?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I'll also say that I'm open to suggestions,
if anybody wants to make friendly amendments, to explore doing either a
local Citywide study or in conjunction with other neighboring cities or the
County to do more studies as this moves forward to look back, say, in 2018
or 2019 and see what has the impact been. I've heard a request for that
from the restaurateurs. I think they're concerned that this is going to have
a strongly negative impact on our economy. I actually think it's going to
have a positive impact. I think both views will benefit from having good
data in a couple of years. I'd be open to that being included. If we don't
include it tonight, I think it's a discussion we should have moving forward.
I'll also reiterate that we've heard some discussion even from restaurateurs
about a living wage. Living wage in Palo Alto—actually for Santa Clara
County, I believe, is now over $20 an hour. In 2014, it was $19.06. It's
gone up on an annual basis. I think there's a cap of an increase of three
percent. It's gone up, so I believe it's now $20.14 as the Countywide living
wage. A couple of years ago before I was elected, in a very public forum,
the League of Women Voters forum, we were all asked—everybody who was
running for office here in 2014 was asked would you support a $15 minimum
wage. Everybody said yes except for myself. I said we should go for $20.
For me, $15 is in itself a tremendous compromise. That's what I think this
Motion is. It compromises on three things. One, it's not a living wage.
                                                                        Page 86 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
