                          TRANSCRIPT
infrastructure. For example, one of the new charges was a couple of million
dollars a year to run the street lights, which we hadn't anticipated before.
We're going to have to pay that out of the General Fund, and so that
impacts our ability to do capital projects elsewhere in the City. Very happy
that turned out the way it is. As Lalo and Kiely and the City Manager
mentioned, we are going to have this issue of structural expenses coming
back in 2018 and beyond. That's why there's a lot of focus on trying to
prepare for this early, because it's not going to be trivial to do. There were
a couple of things I probably ought to bring up. If you look on—first of all,
there were a number of things that we looked at that the Finance Committee
felt was a good thing for the Staff to take a look at. We wanted to
recommend that the Council recommend the Staff look at these things.
There's a list on Packet Page 139. For example, one of the issues that came
up was could we be more efficient in the way that we deploy sworn versus
non-sworn Staff of the Fire Department. There are five issues on Packet
Page 139 that we should look at, at the appropriate time. There were a few
other things that were still open for discussion, on Packet Page 129. Let's
see. Timing of some fitness equipment for the fire stations, the Office of
Sustainability Contingency Fund, tree trimming services frequency of cycle.
There were a handful of things like that. That’s on Page 129 and 130. If the
Council wants to take it up, we can do that tonight as well. Let's see. Other
than that, one of the questions that came up at the Council that is worth
discussing is the guidelines for the Budget Stabilization Reserve, that it
should be 18 1/2 percent of the General Fund revenue. Under this budget,
it's a little bit more than that. We have the opportunity, if we want, to use
that for something. As the City Manager points out, it's just going to come
back next year, so that's a consideration as well. For example, one of the
things that's not in here is anything allocated for a Section 115 or potentially
we could invest some of it in infrastructure. That's worth discussing too.
Thanks very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. The next item is a Prop 218 aspect to the budget.
Let me read the required statement. Now at this time we will open the
public hearing on the proposed budget as well as the Proposition 218 rate
changes. A portion of this hearing will relate to changes in wastewater,
water and refuse rates, and this portion of the hearing is governed by
Proposition 218. Before we begin the hearing, the City Attorney will provide
some background on Prop 218.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Burt. City Attorney Molly
Stump. Tonight's wastewater, water and refuse rate changes follow the
requirements of the California Constitution's tax provisions adopted by the
voters in 1996 as Proposition 218, as the Mayor said. Proposition 218
includes both substantive and procedural requirements. The procedural
                                                                             Page 14 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
