                           TRANSCRIPT
and enough of the house on top of that to keep the basement down in the
ground, and then they can start pumping. That pumped water is put into a
settlement tank as shown in the picture. For us, the requirements now have
a fill station that is part of that settlement tank, and the rest of it goes to the
storm drain system. This was actually in December, not in November. In
December, Policy and Services discussed the draft requirements and
identified three groups of activities which are in the Staff Report. Today
we're seeking approval of the Group 1 activities as requirements for the
2016 construction season. Phil will go over those.

Mr. Bobel: While that slide is still up there, let me just say a little more
about these three groups of things that are in the Staff Report. In the
interest of time, we're not going to go over the Group 2 and Group 3 pieces.
Happy to do so if you'd like us to later; you can just ask us about that. The
bottom line is that the Group 1 activities are the things that Staff is
recommending and the Policy and Services Committee recommended as well
and moved forward. The Group 2 activities relate to more sort of questions
about how groundwater in the Palo Alto area works, trying to answer
questions that are not completely resolved and that we will do as time
moves forward through a series of activities. The first one being an RFP
that's been drafted and a new scope of work for consultant help that we're
just about ready to go out with. That's the Group 2 activities. The Group 3
activities are ones where Staff believed that further direction would be
needed from full Council as opposed to just the Committee before we could
even investigate them fully and give them their due, because they're more
involved. Even investigating them is quite involved we believe. Those are
the Group 3 activities, and they're enumerated in the Staff Report. With
that bit of background, these are the Group 1 activities that we're
recommending and that Policy and Services recommended. They use a
numbering system that—we'll get to it in just a second. There were five
basic recommendations; there are five basic recommendations. The first
four are on this slide. Let me say first how we got to this point, what are the
concerns that we're trying to address with these recommendations. As more
and more concern grew about this basement pumping, the concerns began
first with the concern that water was being wasted, that the water was being
pumped out and typically discharged most of it to the storm drain system
and that it wasn't being utilized in any productive way, especially during a
drought. Last year this seemed really incomprehensible to a lot of our
residents. That was the first kind of sort of complaint or response that we
got. The second one was a concern about the adjacent properties or even
beyond the adjacent ones, the nearby properties, could they be affected by
this pumping, either the structures, the infrastructure, and then secondly the
vegetation and principally the trees was the area of concern. I'd summarize
that second concern as basically impacting nearby property. The third sort
                                                                           Page 34 of 125
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 2/1/16
