                          TRANSCRIPT
really values that we hold together as a community. I want to say that you
help us live up to our values, and we hope that we will help you live up to
yours. On that note, are we ready to vote? Please vote on the board.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: Council can take a five minute break. Job well done.

Council took a break from 7:16 P.M. to 7:30 P.M.

19.   CONTINUED PUBLIC HEARING: to Hear Objections to the Levy of
      Proposed Assessments on the Palo Alto Downtown Business
      Improvement District; Resolution 9612 Entitled, “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Confirming the Report of the Advisory
      Board and Levying Assessment for Fiscal Year 2017 on the Downtown
      Palo Alto Business Improvement District; and Possible Council
      Direction on Next Steps (Continued From June 6, 2016).”

Mayor Burt: Return to our next Council item which is a continuation of the
Public hearing to hear objections to the levy of proposed assessments on the
Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement District and adoption of a
resolution confirming the report of the advisory board and levying
assessment for Fiscal Year 2017 on the Downtown Palo Alto Business
Improvement District and possible Council direction on next steps. Do we
have some follow-up Staff Reporting since our last meeting?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. City Attorney Molly
Stump reporting for myself and for the City Manager's Office just to follow-
up. Subsequent to the Council's direction, the City Manager's Office and
myself met with the Downtown Business Improvement District twice. The
Business improvement District worked to schedule the second very quick
meeting, not on their regular schedule. Did discuss the issues and the
Council's concerns. What we bring before you this evening is a proposal by
the District that the Staff recommends we take at this time, which is to
confirm that the District will prioritize direct services and tangible assets in
the coming year, and that that commitment will be placed in the annual
report that you will confirm this evening together with a commitment to
establish a task force of Association members, City Staff—the Association
has asked also that a Council Member directly participate—to look at the
broader issues and work through some of the complexities about how the
Council's concerns would be addressed in a productive way that everybody
understands and can implement. Those recommendations would then come
back to you for the following year. Happy to answer any questions. I
believe the Professional Association is here as well to chat with you.

                                                                          Page 42 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
