                          TRANSCRIPT
2025 won't be any worse than it is today. I realize we're using different
models for the long range. This pace in particular is really close. We're
within a tenth of a second, and we're actually over on the VC ratios. I read
the report. Do I feel that we followed our methodology? Yes. Do I feel
confident certifying there's not going to be any significant traffic impact?
Absolutely not. I could actually support the project. The FAR thing swings a
lot on the interpretation of the 700 acres and legal. If the maker's willing to
split the Motion ...

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) I'd support it.

Council Member Filseth: In that case—would you support it? I want to
propose friendly amendment that we split the Motion and separate the
approval of the DEIR versus the project.

Vice Mayor Scharff: As Vice Mayor, I'll jump in for the Mayor.              That's
actually the Mayor's prerogative.

Council Member Filseth: Up to the Mayor.

Mayor Burt: I will go ahead and support Item A of the Motion being split
from the balance of the Motion.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor, procedural question.

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Holman: I don't believe someone cannot approve the FEIR
and then approve the project.

Ms. Silver: The Council as a whole in order to approve the project must
certify the EIR. If the Council as a whole does not certify the EIR, then
legally you cannot approve the project. If you want to split the Motion so
that individual Council Members can vote on individual items just to express
their opinions on the particular issues, that can be done. As a whole the
Council must certify the EIR in order to approve the project.

MOTION SPLIT FOR THE PURPOSE OF VOTING

MOTION1: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:

A.    Certify the Final Environmental Impact Report and adopt a project
      specific Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program.
                                                                         Page 82 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
