                          TRANSCRIPT
Francisco. Although, BART and Caltrain seem to be a couple of miles short
of our new transit center there as well. Could we in the long run get San
Jose to be that kind of intermodal center? Maybe. Similar to High Speed
Rail, we shouldn't start out in the middle of nowhere—to open another really
contentious topic—we should actually in-fill in the urban areas first, because
it would offer immediate value and benefits. I would say the same here.
Let's make Caltrain a lot better, and then let's think about interconnecting it,
and do it based on the actual route and population rather than based on a
particular Agenda for one kind of mode.

Council Member Holman: Appreciate your comments and your perspective,
very much. One other question. We hear a lot about how people are using
this or their laptops or whatever to order cars and shirts. I don't hear much
about the societal aspect of how people need to see, hear, touch, feel, smell
the things that they're buying, in other words the basic brick and mortar.
That's also a cultural and a social interaction sort of thing. I don't hear
anybody bring that into the discussion. Would you care to comment on
that?

Mr. Heck: Again, that's a more philosophical question. I love going to
Books Inc. because it's a physical book store, even though I do buy books
on Amazon. I think that having that interactive space is really important.
That's, in fact, one of the main benefits people have found of converting
some high traffic locations into pedestrian zones, because you get even
more of that interpersonal interaction. If you look at Santa Monica or any of
the other examples that were cited earlier, that's part of what's happened
there. They've become social spaces, not just public spaces. I think that's a
very powerful dynamic. That actually leads to a better quality of life. I do
think that we're not going to reverse the trend of people using their phone
for more stuff.         I mean, medical services, professional services,
transportation access is migrating that way. I do think we need to think
about what are the actual, physical spaces where teens can hang out, people
can get to know each other, we can have public social activities as well. We
need a balance of those two. I'm certainly not an advocate to move our
entire lives into virtual reality and join the matrix. We wouldn't live in Palo
Alto if we wanted that. You could live in downtown Tokyo or some place.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate that, because much of the time it
does sound like in presentations that it is all going to be this, and that we're
not considering the other component of this that we just talked about.
Thank you.

Mr. Heck: I would say, in fact, the root is we need to think about the quality
of the experience. The reason the phone has made a difference, it is much

                                                                         Page 42 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
