                              TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I didn't hear it.

Council Member Filseth: Do we have to continue everything or can we do
the Motion and ...

Male: Just continue the Ordinance.

Mr. Lait: We'll come back. We'll give you a fresh Ordinance. We'll lay it all
out for you. We've got a sense of what you want.

Mayor Burt: This item will be continued to a date uncertain but hopefully
within approximately a month.

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to adopt an Ordinance modifying the Architectural Review
Approval Findings including the following changes:

A.    Replace Finding Number 5 with the April 11, 2016 Council directed
      language for Finding Number 5, “the landscape design compliments
      and enhances the building design and its surroundings, is appropriate
      to the site’s functions, and utilizes, to the extent practical, regional
      indigenous drought-resistant plant material capable of providing
      desirable habitat and that can be appropriately maintained;” and

B.    Remove from Finding Number 2(b), “local;” and

C.    Add to Finding 2(d), “mass” after “transitions in scale.”

AMENDMENT RESTATED:            Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to:

A.    Add to the Motion, “add to Finding 2(c), ‘and in the Downtown
      business district and the California Avenue business district,
      establishes design linkages with surrounding existing buildings so that
      the visual unity of the street is maintained at a minimum by:

      a.    The rhythmic pattern of the street established by the general
            width of the buildings and the spacing between them;

      b.    The sizes, proportions, and orientations of windows, bays, and
            doorways;’” and

B.    Direct Staff to return with proposed boundary definitions for the
      Downtown business district and the California Avenue business district.



                                                                       Page 109 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
