                         TRANSCRIPT
asking about the possibility of having maybe housing on the site in the
future, perhaps as a joint project between the School District and the City.
Other people have talked about this as a possibility. I was just wondering if
Staff had had a chance to see that letter or if you had any thoughts about
that or, again, if anything we're being asked to approve tonight would
foreclose those kind of future opportunities.

Mr. de Geus: I haven't seen the letter. We haven't done the Master Plan for
the site yet. At this point, everything could be on the table.

Council Member Wolbach: As a follow-up to that, I'm just trying to get a
better sense of how this does relate to the Master Plan. Just again want to
get your—hoping to get real assurances that nothing that we do tonight will
again foreclose opportunities with the Master Plan. Sorry for being didactic
about this, but I just want to be very, very explicit about this.

Mr. de Geus: I understand. It won't. These lease agreements are for a
short period of time, three years, to the end of the lease agreement with the
School District. It does not foreclose any opportunity for future planning.

Council Member Wolbach:      Thank you for helping me be very clear about
that.

Mayor Burt: We will now turn to the public for comments on this. I have
one card from both Jim Phillips and Lisa Hendrickson. If you both would like
to be able to speak, this would allow you to somehow speak three minutes
total. If you each want to speak, one of you would need to fill out another
card. Our first speakers are Jim Phillips and Lisa Hendrickson. Welcome.

Jim Phillips: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. We're here in
support of the Staff's proposal to you. Before I do that, Lisa is here. Lisa's
our former Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and now the director of our project
to expand.     Amy Andonian, our current CEO, is on vacation today;
otherwise, she would be here. This area in Building I at Cubberley will
enable us in a couple of ways. First off, it'll provide us continuity with our
program offerings with the building totally closed.           We're using a
construction schedule to evacuate the whole area, come in and do all the
construction on the new building and retrofit the old simultaneously. We
absolutely need to move and operate our programs somewhere else. This
proposal here is absolutely enabling. The other enabling part about it is the
$1 per square foot, which we urge you to approve. I just want to insert here
that we have a number of programs. We have programs that are growing.
One specific one is called Care Partners which has to do with caregivers and
their support. We will need the space. We have other program proposals,

                                                                       Page 19 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
