                          TRANSCRIPT
that we maintain this source of affordable housing in our communities and
that we be good neighbors and that we have the good neighbors in the
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park stay in our community and continue to be in
our schools and continue to be in our workforce right here in our midst. I
think it's an important asset to this community. I hope you'll vote for this.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our public comments. We'll now
return to the Council for discussion and action. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Are you perchance ready for a Motion as well?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Holman: I think tonight is an example of what hope,
intention and action can create. That's what's brought us to this point. With
that—I'll have a couple of comments afterwards—I'd like to move the Staff
recommendation which is, one, approve the attached Memorandum of
Understanding with the Housing Authority of the County of Santa Clara and
the County of Santa Clara relating to providing funding for the Housing
Authority's potential acquisition of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park in an
amount not to exceed $14.5 million for a period June 28, 2016 through
June 28, 2018 for the purpose of affordable housing.

Council Member Kniss: I second it.

Council Member Holman: Two ...

Council Member Kniss: Sorry.

Council Member Holman:         Two, to authorize the City Manager or his
designee to implement and administer the Memorandum of Understanding
subject to conditions described in this report and as determined—unless the
City Attorney and Mr. Mayor say that this is not allowable and anticipating
what the support is going to be, I don't know that this has ever been done
before and I don't know if we can. Is it possible to make a—what would you
call it? I lost the words here. Have us all at once make the same Motion, a
unanimous Motion or a simultaneous Motion at the same time, can we do
that?

Mayor Burt: Let's just keep it in spirit.

Council Member Holman: Sorry for stumbling over the words. We have a
second.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.
                                                                       Page 37 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
