                         TRANSCRIPT
Those yellow streets, if the Downtown RPP Resolution is approved by
Council, would be immediately annexed into the existing program. They
would be subject to the existing structure. We would start doing field work
for the RPP signage to be installed. Those residents would be eligible to
purchase RPP permits. I'm sorry, obtain Phase 1 RPP permits through the
online permit sales website. Those again are the yellow dashed lines.
There's about a dozen in total, and they've submitted completed petitions
already by the deadline and have requested to be added immediately to the
RPP District. In looking at those areas that requested to be added to the
Downtown District and in an effort to analyze where spillover may occur
when those streets are added, we've proposed the blue areas for future
inclusion as eligibility areas. Those eligibility areas would be preapproved to
petition into the RPP District when they feel that it's necessary. They would
not automatically be added. It would be a petition and survey process.
Being preapproved means that could be added to the Downtown District
through an administrative process. Looking at the employee parking zones,
this is an effort to disperse the employee parking more evenly throughout
the district.      Right now during Phase 1, employee permits are valid
anywhere on-street in the Downtown RPP District where RPP signage is up.
Naturally people are tending to park closer to where they work to cut down
on the amount of walking that they need to do, as many of us probably
would also do. In looking to disperse employee parking more equally
throughout the district, what we've done is divide the Downtown RPP District
into ten zones. We had a stakeholder meeting where we presented two
options that Staff had determined on how to break up the Downtown RPP
District into zones and solicited feedback from the stakeholders on their
thoughts on those two options. The first option was zones that were more
square. In the second option, more zones similar to this that are kind of
long, horizontal rectangles. After some discussion and some editing of
those, we came up with this solution that the stakeholders who were present
at that meeting were comfortable with. Looking at the long, rectangular
zones, for lack of a better word, very skinny. They're just one block deep,
several blocks long. Having the longer side of the rectangle nearer to the
Downtown core allows us to distribute those vehicles more evenly among
that boundary. In each zone, what we've done is have full streets contained
in the zones. There's no place where the zone breaks down the middle of
the street. Staff felt that based on discussions with our enforcement Staff
that having both sides of the same street within the same zone would be
more clear from a driver's point of view and also from an enforcement point
of view. Permits in each zone would be sold on a first-come-first served
basis. An employee would be purchasing a permit for a specific zone. If I
go to buy a permit and I buy a permit in Zone 4, I will be limited to parking
just within Zone 4, of course, for longer than two hours. The two-hour limit
is still in place for those who are parking without a permit. Anyone can park
                                                                        Page 80 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
