                          TRANSCRIPT
would be that the two words are included or focused on, and those would be
sustainability and walkability. For me, the reason for that, among others, is
that I hear a lot of complaints, as was said before here, about traffic, about
parking, about all these sorts of issues. That's not a policy, to fix those.
Housing in and of itself is not necessarily a policy. The policy would be to
include—I think particularly after the Summit on Sustainability and Climate
Action last week, it seems to me that the concept of focusing on
affordability—pardon me, on sustainability and walkability would include
some other issues. For example, it was mentioned here that there seems to
be some polarization in our community. If one looked at diverse forms of
housing, then perhaps some of that could be addressed. It was mentioned
here, just focusing on housing alone is simply a Band-Aid. I understand
that. If one looks at housing in the context of addressing walkability and
sustainability and one thinks about what the keynote speaker said last week
which was walkability, to increase that, then you would address the needs of
a diverse—by diverse I don't just mean one form of diverse. I mean
economic, racial, different kinds of diversity in the City, seniors, to focus on
seniors. It's been mentioned here that one person likes biking. I adore
biking. One person likes walking. I like to walk. I've got an issue; I'm a
senior. I have trouble now with a knee. It's scary and difficult to bike in the
community for me. I would like not just the Avenidas fix, which is a good
one.     It's a partial solution which is more buses and more public
transportation. I would like Palo Alto, that's known as an innovative town,
to also think about multi-housing units, for example, where one could have a
smaller unit. You don't have to go to Channing House, you don't have to go
to Webster Housing. You can have a community where you have people of
different economic types, people who service the City, seniors. It could be
within the context of our town. Our town was built on cars. The world is
moving towards a time when we have to look at a town built on people, not
cars. For me, the concept of walkability and sustainability would include all
of these different things. That's the policy I would like to see. Part of the
policy of the City of Palo Alto, I would like to see focus on sustainability and
walkability for starters. Part of that should include housing. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

C.    Individual Nominees (Council Member Explanations)

Mayor Burt: As we return to the Council for Priority discussion, let me just offer
a certain framing on this. We have the 2015 Priorities, and we'll want to look
at whether those are ones that we wish to rollover. If we did, how would we
fold into them emerging areas of focus that are likely to be different for 2016
than 2015? Does it work to do that within existing Priorities or do the Priorities
need to be different? Those are a couple of different ways we could approach
                                                                          Page 27 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
