                           TRANSCRIPT

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, and thank you very, very much for not
just listening to me, but for the whole Palo Alto process. I've gotten the
impression through the years that all of you, you're really all socialists. You
want government for the people. Unfortunately, you also have this idea that
the best thing for the people would be for Palo Alto to be really rich and have
a lot of jobs and lots and lots of money and good property values. That
doesn't always work I'm talking for Lois Salo because she can't talk. She
died. You're welcome to come to her memorial service this coming Saturday
at University Lutheran Church around 10:00 to 11:00 in the morning. What
I need to say is what all these people have said, that you have to take social
insurance and taking care of the people who have not managed to hang onto
their housing in this economy. I would say this idea with the Super Bowl
and people bringing in to work in the fields of libidousness has inspired a
great moral reawakening in a way. I have to tell you it's not working. I
talked to my daughter who's an obstetrician at University of North Carolina,
it's a public health, one of the finest in the country. She sees a lot of poor
mothers. She said the minute the girl gets off the bus in San Jose, within 24
hours she's on the street being prostituted. We need to do something about
that. We have to have a place for women to sleep overnight. Karen,
coming up on the Super Bowl, I thought that was very tactful, the way she
talked to the Police Department and said we're right on this problem of
prostitution. Guys, if women do not have a place to stay overnight, you've
got a prostitution problem, because they have to stay someplace. You're not
paying attention. You're all smarter than I am. You can figure that out. Do
something about it. Find a place to tuck these people away. While you're at
it, I believe in purity and chastity too. I went my entire career to Catholic
schools. A place to live, okay?

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have one more speaker card, Shani Kleinhaus.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus. I'm a member of the CAC; I
don't speak on behalf of the CAC. I speak on my own here. I wanted to
essentially agree with Don and with Arthur and the things they said. Jeremy
will be a huge loss to all of us, because he's been amazing in how he
organizes everybody and listens to everybody. Doria and I sent you a letter
in which we asked for a few small changes. I hope you can incorporate
them or ask Staff to. I was not on the CAC in the first two meetings, so I
missed the opportunity to contribute to this specific Element. I guess it's a
little later to start thinking of that. I think that Policy C-4.6 really should not
be aspirational. We are going to have a lot more people in town. Having
the national standards apply to our parks should not be aspirational. We
should try and achieve them. That's one thing. One observation which I
                                                                            Page 21 of 91
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 2/8/16
