                          TRANSCRIPT
them a College Terrace type of program. Now you can provide them with
that option. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: thank you. Benjamin Cintz to be followed by Mary
Dimit.

Benjamin Cintz: Hello. I live in Palo Alto in the Midtown area. My family
owns four properties in the SOFA, and two of them are commercial and two
properties in the University South area that are residential. I'm also a
member of the stakeholder group that's been meeting. I'm here really to
speak in support of the Staff recommendation for a simple process for
residents in the adjoining areas to opt into this program. The program
needs a certain amount of mass in order to be effective. We are in a trial
stage in a pilot program.        I think it's important that it be given an
opportunity to work. I think the Staff's recommendation takes that into
account. It takes into account the residents who feel they're most affected
by being able to join into that, but it doesn't require that they do so. I think
the idea of having an administrative process rather than having it come to
the Council each time a street wants to join makes a lot of sense. The other
thing is I think the zones that they have come up with is a workable way to
go. Again, we're in a trial program, in a pilot program. We need to gather
data. I think doing this is a good start. Data can be gathered from this as
well as from the other streets that join in and see just how well this is
meeting the needs of the residents as well as the businesses and the
employees who make Downtown as viable as it is. My last comment is that I
would like to see the stakeholder program or stakeholder group continue to
the end of Phase 2. Phase 2 is going to last for a year, and I think the
stakeholder group has an opportunity to provide useful information, having
been in effect for a considerable time from the beginning of this process.
Thank you very much.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Mary Dimit to be followed by Thomas
Rindfleisch.

Mary Dimit: Good evening. I'm Mary Dimit. I've been a resident here in
Palo Alto for over 30 years. We live on the far eastern side of the current
district, right east of Middlefield Road. We've seen over the last few years
no employee parking to now substantial parking, until the permit started.
Our concern is there's three equity issues we see in the Staff proposal. I
know they've worked long and hard on it. The first issue is equity within and
among the zones. Until the latest Staff Report came out, we said we have to
do our fair share and get distributed among the district. However, with
having these zones, the concern is that each zone will have the streets
closest to the Downtown will get over-parked and have a lot more

                                                                         Page 88 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
