                          TRANSCRIPT
today. I would actually—the more I've thought about this loading, I really
think we need to reconsider whether we should have on-street loading as
the preference rather than off-street. I think we may have it wrong
especially in an era of common carriers. If we don't allow, provide good,
efficient on-street loading, they double park in the street right and left, and
it's an increasing problem. To think that a common carrier—if we provided
off-street loading that a common carrier would use, that is optimistic at best.
I think there are a number of things that we need to reexamine in our Code.
Until that's done, we have the current Code by which we have to judge a
project. When I had gone through the ARB findings and the Context-Based
Design Criteria, which are the Code—they are a major part of our Code and
our requirements for approval of the project—my areas where I perceived
this project not adequately compliant were almost identical to Council
Member Holman's Motion. Independently, I had gone through and reviewed
the findings and had very similar concerns. When Council Member Holman
cited them by number, but when we really look at them, a number of them
are, for instance, that the design promotes harmonious transition in scale
and character in areas between different designated land uses, meaning
different zonings. When we look at the different zonings behind it and
across the street, it's a tough argument to make that this is a harmonious
transition. This is a large, I think, well-designed building, but it stands out
not harmoniously with the surrounding buildings. The design is compatible
with approved improvements both on and off the site, which is a similar but
not identical finding to the previous one. Under the context requirements,
the relationships between the site's development to adjacent street types,
surrounding land use, etc., must be compatible. It goes on. Upper floors
are set back to fit in with the context of the neighborhood. I went through,
while we were talking, Google street view on all the surrounding and across
the street buildings on Kipling. That's really tough to be able to argue that
this building can meet those requirements. I'll just cite one other. On this
specifically for low-density residential transitions, which this particular
project has, transitions of development intensity from higher density
development building types, that being this, that are compatible with the
lower intensity surrounding uses. B is massing and orientation of buildings
that respect and mirror the massing of neighboring structures. Those are
really the required findings. The ARB and the Director and the Council must
find that the projects meets all of those findings. It's not meets one of
them. It has to meet all of them. I'm much more literal in looking at our
Code requirements.       Whether I think that—for instance, regarding the
loading, I would support this returning with a variance for that loading, not
Staff arguing that it is in compliance, but to say no, it's not compliant with
zoning and here are the reasons why we think this is to the benefit of the
community. Accompanying with that, if they were to make that argument, I
would hope it would go on the list back to the Planning and Transportation
                                                                         Page 54 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
