                           TRANSCRIPT
fundamental flaw in planning. The parking assessment benefits create
demand that far exceeds the supply the Parking Assessment District built in
two garages. It's out by a factor of 1:10. Let me try to wrap up. I don't
know where the statesmanship is going to be coming from. I'm a little
embarrassed to hear the business community's position tonight.                 I'll
personalize it. I had a period in my life that I sent a rather outrageous letter
to a member of Congress complaining about the Medicare reimbursements.
I'll tell that story at another time. I ask you to stay the course, set the limit,
and start the cutbacks. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Jeffrey Phillips. I
have Laura Burton next, but I think she's already spoken. If the Clerk could
check that.

Jeffrey Phillips: Hi, good evening. My name is Jeffrey Phillips, and I'm the
current General Manager at the Garden Court Hotel. I'm a Palo Alto
resident, represent a business of almost 100 employees, and have recently
come on board the TMA Board of Directors. We have a lot to do, and we
have a lot to accomplish. I certainly as a business do not want to have
negative impact on residents. We are a community that should be balanced.
Michael Hodos, this is what I'm talking about. We have to work together or
else we'll never accomplish anything. The annual reduction plan to go to
zero is going to negatively hurt my business. I'm committed as a good
corporate citizen to help these changes and find these long-term solutions. I
have team members that have been with us for 10, 20 years, and even the
thought of it going to zero scares me because I will lose them. My quality of
life for my team members is important. The quality of life for everybody in
Palo Alto is important. Please don't vote to reduce it to zero. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Laura Burton followed by Adina Levin.

Lauren Burton: My name is Lauren Burton. I live on Palo Alto Avenue near
Waverley. The section of Palo Alto Avenue that I live on is a quiet street
which borders the creek. At the end of the block is a foot bridge which gets
frequent bike traffic and pedestrian traffic. The street is very attractive to
joggers and walkers and bicyclists. In the 18 years in which I've lived in this
house, I have seen the parking congestion go from reasonable to very
difficult. At Palo Alto Avenue near Alma, the situation was so bad that
bicyclists are in peril if two cars try to drive past each other—in fact, they
can't—on Palo Alto Avenue, because the parking is so congested. I feel that
the plan as implemented so far has reduced the parking congestion to a
much more reasonable level. It makes the street much more livable and has
substantially increased our quality of life. I would like to also support the
comments that Neilson Buchanan made, especially for a long-term solution

                                                                            Page 35 of 66
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/23/16
