                         TRANSCRIPT
prospective partner. That said, we then proceeded with a series of due
diligence reviews, both evaluating the proposals that had been received as
well as working with Pets in Need. Cash will describe the financial due
diligence that was done as well as the operational review. In both cases,
coming back with strong recommendation for our Staff and our pro bono
consultant to proceed. Recognizing that this is a prospective public-private
partnership with our nonprofit partner, we engaged in a dialog recognizing
that what we are embarking on is attempting to achieve a number of goals
for the City. Recognizing that our nonprofit partner also has its own mission
and its own series of priorities to ensure are in alignment with the proposed
agreement could meet both of our needs. The direction that we're seeking
tonight really also reflects best practices as a key step in the decision-
making process. We've brought forward a term sheet that reflects the basic
outlines of a transaction that we believe will serve the City's interests and
also Pets in Need. We will have the opportunity to discuss that in more
detail. In addition, what we are recommending is direction to proceed with
the exclusive negotiation that allows us to proceed with the consultation that
we'd like to do in parallel with our employee bargaining unit, that will allow
those issues to be addressed as well. With that, let me ask Cash to walk
through the particulars.

Khashayar Alaee, Senior Management Analyst: Thank you very much, Ed.
Good evening, Mr. Mayor and Council Members. My name is Cash; I'm a
Senior Management Analyst in the City Manager's Office. Just a brief
background. In Fiscal Year 2012 due to the withdrawal of a partner agency,
the City of Mountain View, the City Council's Policy and Services Committee
on May 10, 2012 and the Finance Committee on May 15th, 2012 discussed
this item and sought to retain the animal shelter services in Palo Alto and
directed Staff to take immediate steps to reduce the cost and increase
revenue in an effort to become more self-sufficient, to reduce the reliance on
the General Fund. On July 23rd of 2012, the City Council approved changes
to the Municipal Fee Schedule as well as expenditure reductions to reduce
costs for Fiscal Year 2013. As Fiscal Year 2013 ended, Animal Services
remained dependent on the General Fund even though donations were
received and operating hours and clinic services were expanded. Even by
the end of Fiscal Year 2014, the goal of decreasing reliance on the General
Fund was not achieved. On June 16, 2014, the City Council referred a
Colleagues Memo regarding the Palo Alto Humane Society's interest in
partnering with the City to the Finance Committee. On December 2nd,
2014, the Finance Committee reviewed the Colleagues Memo and postponed
substantive discussion of the item until the City Auditor completed an audit
of the services. On April 22, 2015, the City Auditor presented the audit of
Animal Services to the Finance Committee. On June 8th, 2015, the City
Council approved the Fiscal Year 2016 budget and directed Staff to conduct
                                                                       Page 36 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
