                          TRANSCRIPT
completely. The sketches I saw didn't show very much. It doesn't take into
account the fact that this area is being overdeveloped. We're seeing one
project after another come in. There's a large housing development going in
just a block or two away, down at California Avenue, which is going to bring
in more traffic and more parking. The project has no particular benefits. It
would be wonderful if we could get a project proposed which actually
complies with the Comprehensive Plan, the Zoning Ordinance, Design
Guidelines and restrictions on development in the amount of setbacks,
height limits, consistency with the neighborhood. Instead, we're getting
project after project like this which just hopes to make more money for the
developer and screw the City and screw the government. I think we should
put an end to this. I think we've seen too much of it. I think it's time to
just tighten up and say, "No, this doesn't comply with the zoning. No, this
doesn't comply with adequate land use. No. Come in and do something
unprecedented, meet the existing zoning and don't ask for any conditional
use permits or relaxations on the zoning." Wouldn't that be amazing, to
have a project come in and do that? These people will never do it for you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb—are we ready? We'll let
the applicant speak so that the public has an opportunity to have heard
them. We're back, and the applicant has up to 10 minutes to speak.

Mr. Ma: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Galen Ma. I
represent the development team here. We'd just like to say that we're very
happy and excited to have the opportunity to present our project before you
guys this evening. With that said, I'd like to introduce Ken Hayes, our
project architect.

Ken Hayes, Hayes Group Architects: Thank you, Galen. Good evening
Mayor Burt and members of the Council. I'm also joined tonight landscape
architect, the Hexagon traffic engineers as well as the TDM specialist. I
want to thank Staff for helping us bring this project before you. It's been a
long process. A difficult site. It is one site, though, so it's not a separate
CC(2) site. It's about a 40,000-foot site and spans between Grant and
Sherman. It has a piece of the parcel right there, that is the 6,000-square-
foot portion of the single site that is actually zoned CC(2) where you could
have 12,000 feet of commercial space with the 2.0 FAR. The surrounding
uses, RM-40—we are concerned about that—CC(2) as well as CN. The view
from the south. I think we're all familiar probably with these pictures of the
Olive Garden. This is the view from the north and El Camino with the
Coronet Motel on the left, very rural. This is the new Stanford affordable
housing project across the street, four stories, directly across the street. It'll
be nice to have something taller on this corner. This is on Sherman looking
back towards El Camino Real. Our site is there where the palm trees are.
                                                                          Page 37 of 110
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/23/16
