                         TRANSCRIPT
Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Burt, City Council. I'm Shani
Kleinhaus speaking for Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society and the Sierra
Club tonight. We thank you for moving forward with the bridge. Our
organizations support it and want to see it moving forward. We also wanted
to thank you for considering bird safe design an important feature.
Personally, I'm a little disappointed that the previous pretty bridge did not
come through, but at least you're moving forward with it. There are a few
things that I would like to ask. There are some of the core additional
elements, like overlook platform, maybe enhanced lighting, I'm not sure
these are needed. I would like to see more money going into restoration of
the creek. It is after all a bridge over a creek. If there is a way to get
funding to restore the habitat over there in the Baylands and the creek, that
would be a much better use than a platform to look at the field of weeds.
The creek itself in that area suffers from a lot of trash. Acterra just
yesterday cleaned up a lot of it. Looking at ways to use this as a vehicle to
also do things for the creek would be wonderful. Cupertino does a lot of
that; they got a lot of money with the Stevens Creek Trail to work on
improvements of the creek over there at Stevens Creek. There are ways
and there is money from many, many sources to do that. Hopefully some of
the extra elements are not needed perhaps. It really is kind of noisy out
there, and maybe you can have some of the funding go into restoration.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Robert Neff, welcome.

Robert Neff: Good evening. I'm Robert Neff; I live at Emerson in Loma
Verde in south Palo Alto. This project went on an unexpectedly long detour
through its design competition. I'm glad to see it moving forward in a
concrete way now. A year-round bike-ped crossing of 101 at Adobe Creek
will be valuable for Palo Alto and regional users. I hope you move this
forward tonight and keep the process moving as quickly as possible. I didn't
realize that we could give inputs on colors. I think blue and gold would be
really good.

Mayor Burt: Let's return to the Council. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I guess I'll just start this with I'm glad we're
getting back to working on this. Surely my epitaph will have comments on it
about my disappointment with the design competition. Clarification please
on a couple of things. One is on your Slide 11. I couldn't tell in the Staff
Report. You've got funding allocations, and you've got City 4.7. Your
second bullet is Santa Clara County recreation trails at 4. Under potential
new funding, you've got 4.5. Are those the same thing? What are—can you
clarify that please?

                                                                      Page 88 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/23/16
