                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: If you tweak the language to make that more
explicit or clear, I'm also fine with that. I'll say that Part 6, the adaptation to
climate change and sea level rise, as we look towards the implementation
and future iterations of this and where we prioritize, I do think, as Council
Member DuBois mentioned, the importance of prioritization. Speaking only
for myself, Part 6 is my greatest priority and the thing I'm most concerned
with for the future of livability and security in Palo Alto. That, of course
means as mentioned in the document working on it seriously, addressing
multiple concerns that we're going to have to address including water
insecurity, loss of energy, productivity from hydro that we invest in so much,
obviously the flood risk from sea level rise close to the Bay and fire risk
among other potential harms, even including potential for disease which
don't typically go as far as north from the equator as they do now, which
could be a greater risk to health and safety in Palo Alto. I do appreciate Part
6 and look forward to developing that and implementing those into the
future. On the question of—I was also looking at the quality of life citation
that Council Member Berman brought up.                I've certainly posed some
intentionally provocative statements and questions around quality of life
over the last couple of years, especially the last few months. In putting that
out there. I've actually heard some really great responses from my friends
and neighbors and other community members about what quality of life
means to them. I also appreciate what Council Member Burt said in
response to that issue. A couple of things that certainly rise to high level for
me with quality of life are—Mayor Burt alluded to mobility, the ability to get
from Point A to Point B easily. This again goes back to what Council Member
DuBois was saying about it's not just about limiting cars. It's also about the
greenhouse gas impacts. Again, if there is congestion, that impacts quality
of life. If we provide a positive, not a negative anti-car, but a positive option
for those who would prefer to walk or bike or take public transit or to
telecommute, that provides less congestion for those who do choose to
drive, provides greater quality of life for them while also achieving
greenhouse gas reductions. I think there are really opportunities for win-win
here. Also with quality of life, I would posit that health and happiness are
quintessential quality of life questions. For those who are able to and
choose to bike or walk regularly as part of their personal mobility, the
mental and physical health benefits of biking and walking are tremendous
and well documented. I think there is great compatibility between these
different interests. I appreciate that they're all mentioned here.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Thanks, guys. I share the
view that the goals and principles make sense. I think they're fine. I do
agree with the Mayor's earlier remarks on the oratoricality [sic] of the text.
                                                                           Page 50 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/28/16
