                          TRANSCRIPT
2014, we had a really successful online community survey which was very
comprehensive in scope and started to map forward some of the direction
that will ultimately be in the Master Plan. Had almost 1,200 respondents to
that. Ongoing and happening periodically, we have the consultation with the
Parks and Rec. Commission which has been really robust. We'll hear more
about that in a second. We have a stakeholder advisory group from various
interest groups, community-based organizations, Stanford, School District,
the dog owners association, that sort of thing that we meet with periodically.
We also had small group or individual meetings with representatives from
those groups where we'd get a little more in-depth. We've had a series of
community workshops at the end of 2014, and we're planning our next one
for February. Regularly we use the City's communications infrastructure to
send out e-blasts, social media posts, that sort of thing. We've gotten a lot
of return on our investment from that by using the systems that people
already have in place. We also have currently online what we're calling a
prioritization challenge which we'll talk about more in a second. That's our
current online engagement exercise. These are some screenshots from the
map-based survey that I mentioned. As you see in the upper right, these
are all specific comments that people pinned to specific locations in and
around the parks. This data gets linked to our Geographic Information
System (GIS) database so we can map how people are using parks and how
they're traveling there. Again, you can see a shot of the intercept event in
Rinconada Park, and then some of our workshop, and some of the outputs
from that. At the workshops, we did what we call a visual preference survey
where we showed a series of images and asked people to tell us if they
thought that would work in Palo Alto, if they loved it, if they hated it. This
image here is of nature play and environmental education, so really kids
getting their hands dirty. It went over pretty well. This is a snapshot from
the community survey that I mentioned where we had over 1,100
responses. What we found are a number of common themes and directions
that emerged and were very consistent over the different types of input.
When we got into the data analysis, we found that those also dovetailed
nicely, so that's really what's driving the plan now.

Ms. Schmid: Where the technical analysis and the community engagement
came together are really in this piece we're calling the data summary and
opportunity analysis. This was an analysis process, but it was also a process
of working with the Staff and the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC)
to look at what does all this data mean and what does it mean about our
options for the future. This binder here, that you see, is one of the tools
where we work with the PARC and we developed a matrix to look at all of
these different slices of the system and all these different pieces of data and
tie them together into one place. In evaluating opportunities, we identified
these nine different ways that we were going to look at all of this data.
                                                                        Page 94 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
