                          TRANSCRIPT
has played in getting Motivate to offer smart bike station-less alternatives on
the Peninsula. After your Study Session in April, Josh Mello, our Chief
Transportation Official, and Chris Corrao on his Staff have been working
continuously on getting a smart bike provider to take over the City's current
bike share program when it ends at the end of November. That's the
Motive-sponsored, traditional, technology in the racks, those blue racks that
you've seen in a few locations in town. Through the City Manager's mobility
partnership, which we've formed with a number of other Peninsula cities and
Stanford, we've been working to encourage their participation in what will be
a sub-regional effort. For a while, it looked like this would mean contracting
directly with Social Bicycles, otherwise known as SoBi, in creating a new
operating structure separate from the larger Bay Area bike system.
However, over the last couple of months, all of the pieces have fallen into
place, and the parties will shortly make an announcement—we will—about
the Peninsula smart bike program that remains integrated with this regional
bike share system to be sponsored by Ford, as will the proposal we'll be
bringing to you. On October 4th, our Staff will come to Council asking you
for direction to negotiate a contract with Motivate. Under the current
proposal, Ford and Motivate would cover the operating costs for a 350-bike
smart bike system with the City picking up the capital cost of purchasing the
bikes, a portion of which would be grant-funded. Ford would pay the
operating costs for the system ongoing. The SoBi smart bikes are much
more affordable and flexible than the current Motivate-manufactured
equipment. In actuality, the technology exists on the bike, not on the rack.
It'll be much easier for people to be able to take a bike, use it, check it out,
and even the ability to return it to non-standard racks. You could be able to
locate it by GPS. I think it's going to have a dramatic change in bike sharing
programs. We've also reached out to the Stanford Research Park, Stanford
Medical Center. I'm checking with Packard and other cities on the Peninsula.
They're expressing interest in joining the program. That could be more
regional bikes just in our town. A real shout out to Josh Mello and folks on
Hillary's Staff on the transportation team for steering this in a great
direction. This Friday night, put on your best 1970s attire for a free and
funky Friday night at the Arts Center, September 16th from 7:00 P.M. to
10:00 P.M. as we celebrate the opening of our new exhibition, The Butterfly
Effect: Art in 1970s California. This hip event will feature a chance to get a
sneak peak of the exhibition, meet the stellar artists, enjoy primo food,
listen to rocking tunes, and engage in far out art-making activities. Palo Alto
Art Center Foundation members are invited to participate in an exhibition
preview with the guest curator from 6:00 P.M. to 7:00 P.M. See you there.
If you're not up for that, you have an alternative of heading down to the
Baylands also on Friday for the Palo Alto Weekly's 32nd Annual Moonlight
Run and Walk. The 5K walk will start at 7:00 P.M., the 10K run at 8:15
P.M., and the 5K run at 8:45 P.M. That's the Palo Alto Baylands and 1900
                                                                         Page 48 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
