                          TRANSCRIPT
develop a plan for each and every site that'll be included in the final plan
document. We did this also for each of the preserves and for each of the
recreation facilities. We looked in-depth at recreation programs. This was a
two-step process. The first was really baselining what is the inventory, what
is Community Services doing, what are other departments doing, and what
are the other providers because there are lots of them out there and lots of
partnerships, what are they all doing. The second part of that was starting
to really crunch the data. A lot of data is generated from that, and so we
really took a look at how much registration was happening, were programs
meeting their goals, and have a detailed look at each of the program areas.
This is one example up here on the screen; it's middle schools athletics.
What the data shows is that many of those classes are wait-listed. We
looked at each of the program areas in this way to get a sense of what's
going on today and what might that tell us about needs in the future. The
geographic analysis, this is really gets into the walkability and bike-ability of
park system. We'll talk more about what we heard from the public, but we
certainly heard from you all at the beginning of the process that that is
something we should be looking at. When we also looked at how people get
around now, a tremendous amount of them are accessing parks by walking
and biking. We developed a walk shed analysis looking at quarter-mile and
half-mile distances which are about a five and 10-minute walk. Just looked
at all of the parks across the City and looked at the system in different ways
and developed a series of maps. This is one example. What they tell us is—
the white areas are areas where people are outside of our goal for providing
service, and that's probably an area where we'll want to focus attention if
we're trying to have an even level of service across the City.

Ellie Fiore, MIG Project Manager: Turning to community and stakeholder
engagement, we really developed a program that would start at the
beginning of the process and take us all the way through plan adoption. It's
really fundamental to this process. We developed what we call a multi-
layered program. What we mean by that is that it's both online and in
person, and that we create opportunities for residents and community
members to engage in ways that may take five or 10 minutes or may
require or ask them to attend a monthly meeting or a quarterly meeting or
stay engaged throughout the whole process. We had a concerted effort at
the front-end of the process. We did what we call intercept events, where
we literally just go out into the parks or to the farmers market and set up
our boards and hand people stickers and ask them to tell us what's
important about the park system. This is some pretty high-level input,
pretty visionary. We also did an online map-based survey, which was very
data-specific. We'll look at examples in a second. We had almost 500
responses. This gives us a lot of information about how people are currently
using the system, the parks, and how they're getting to parks. At the end of
                                                                         Page 93 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
