                          TRANSCRIPT
Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: There's certainly a Comp Plan
policy regarding it. Also, some of the development districts themselves do
have a 50-foot height limit as well.

Council Member Kniss:      Do we have an overall City ordinance on height
limit?

Ms. Silver: There isn't an overall City. It's designated in certain districts as
a development standard.

Council Member Kniss: It's not overall. If we really wanted to change it in
some way, we would have to consider how to do that however you indicate
we should do it. Correct? It probably would not be without a great deal of
discussion. That has been in place, as I recall, maybe 40 years. Does that
sound right? Anyone know? Can somebody find out? That would be really
helpful. In my recollection, long before I was on the Council, the building
that went up at Palo Alto Square, which is 12, 13, 14 stories, whatever it
was, actually prompted the final 50-foot height limit. Except for very rare
occasions, we have not addressed nor dealt with that. Yet, people have
brought it up time and time again. It would be very helpful if we actually
know what it would take to move that needle which is not very much, but
certainly has been significant in the past. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Four scenarios give a range of outcomes. A year
ago the Council had three meetings, I think 10 hours altogether, devoted to
a development cap. That was between December and March. Agreed, I
think, unanimously to set an annual cap at 50,000. Now, each of the four
scenarios and including the fifth scenario are between three and five times
the annual space limit. Why isn't there one of the scenarios that reflect the
Council discussions of a year ago?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Schmid. Actually both Scenario
Two and Three reflect that concept of an annual cap. What you're seeing
when you look at the square footage number is the already-entitled square
footage at the Medical Center and 15 years worth of, from 2014 through
2030, potential growth with a limit of some kind. We have specifically
crafted at least those two scenarios would have an annual limit of some kind
in place and would conform to the Policy L-8 in the Comprehensive Plan.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think I have three questions. One is actually a
request. It's a question and a request. The Level of Service (LOS)
                                                                          Page 16 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
