                         TRANSCRIPT
in place levers for that. As for existing development, it's certainly more
difficult to do that. If you use your zoning authority, property owners have a
vested right to continue businesses that they have received entitlements for.
It would be difficult to then regulate employment density and start to
decrease employment density of existing businesses. As a result, cities
really don't do that frequently with existing businesses.

Mayor Burt: Can I ask a follow-up on that? When you say they have
entitlements under existing zoning, say under existing zoning we anticipate
four office workers per thousand. Are you saying that they have an
entitlement that has no correlation to what we zoned for in that regard, but
it's still an entitlement under zoning density?

Ms. Silver: We would have to analyze each specific matter. Certainly there
are some businesses that have received entitlements that anticipate a
certain level of employment density, and they're increasing that level of
anticipated density. In those situations, I think that it would be easier to
regulate in terms of decreasing ...

Mayor Burt: That's the nut. We're concerned with where we're seeing in
certain circumstances significantly more densification than zoning
anticipated. That's the thing I'm trying to ask about.

Ms. Silver: In that area as to those categories of businesses, there could be
some Code enforcement action that you can take. For instance, if they
received a conditional use permit that regulated density and it said you can
only have 100 employees onsite and they have 150, then you could take
Code enforcement action.

Mayor Burt: Barring a Conditional Use Permit, if we have just zoning—take
it hypothetically—and we anticipated four employees per thousand in an
office. I'll put a very extreme in it. Some business put in 20 per thousand.
They're not parked for it. Whatever's the limit under the Fire Code and the
use permit there. Say hypothetically they put in that many. Are you saying
that we couldn't regulate that? We couldn't regulate and restrict them
putting 20 employees per 1,000 square feet legally?

Ms. Silver: Again, it really is fact determinative. It depends on what the
actual development standards are in the existing Zoning Ordinance. It
depends on the specific permit requirements, different...

Mayor Burt:      These are development standards anticipating four per
thousand, right? Isn't that a development standard? That's our general
office. That's the main thing we're talking about here.

                                                                        Page 29 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
