                          TRANSCRIPT
building for a long while?   We have 17—Council Member Filseth, did you
want to speak?

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: That's all right. We have 17 speaker cards. I know that
everybody comes really interested in being able to express yourselves. One
of the things that hopefully you've heard is the sentiment of the Council in
response to this project, which may reassure many of the speakers as to
where we're interested in things going. We had one hour; we'll clearly run
over. What I'll do is only schedule one minute each for members of the
public to speak. Our first speaker is Nancy Ginsburg, to be followed by Jeff
Brown. Welcome.

Nancy Ginsburg: Good evening. Can you hear me okay? My name is
Dr. Nancy Ginsburg, and I've been a 21-year renter. I've lived in Palo Alto
for 41 years. I also am just on the other side of Middlefield, and so our
residential area is being impacted by this. I very much appreciate, Mayor
Burt, what you just said. It's something that hasn't been mentioned at all
tonight, the people and the services that would be displaced if this building
were torn down. I do not speak for myself, and I have just something short
to say. I hope I might extend it beyond a minute. I'm not speaking for
myself. I'd like the other residents of 550 Hamilton who are here tonight to
stand. I'm addressing you to strongly oppose the proposed rezoning and
construction project at 550 Hamilton. As has been mentioned, there are
many size, traffic, zoning, neighborhood and tree removal reasons to oppose
this project, but I will focus on one. If this project goes forward in any size
or form, it will have a very negative effect on mental health services in Palo
Alto and the surrounding area. As is nationally known ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Ms. Ginsburg, I need to ask you to try to wrap up.

Ms. Ginsburg: There's a local mental health crisis here. Most of us in this
office see adolescents, children and adults; that's the population of patients
that we see. Approximately 80 of the 100 tenants of 550 Hamilton are
psychologists, psychiatrists and other mental health workers who provide
care to children, adolescents and adults.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much.

Ms. Ginsburg: Where will these patients go if this building is destroyed?
When Palo Alto citizens oppose office space proliferation, I believe they're
referring to the company space, but there's actually a shortage ...

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Ms. Ginsburg.
                                                                        Page 15 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
