                         TRANSCRIPT
Finance might understand what that might be used for and that level of
support.

Ms. Gitelman: Sure, I'd be happy to. When we first went to the Finance
Committee, I thought we had a good conversation just about the fact that
the Planning Department is currently a Staff of about 36 people. We have
trouble recruiting new people. The job market is really tight for planners,
whether they're on Staff or as consultants. We are asking for a few new
positions in the budget, but the Committee really wanted to know what else
can we do to move forward some of these policy initiatives. We came up
with the idea of—it's not a new idea because we have a contingency in this
year's budget. This year it was for transportation projects unanticipated at
the beginning of the year. By the close of the fiscal year, we will have used
all but, I think, $70,000 out of the $500,000 in that contingency. We're
proposing the same approach in FY '17. It would be a contingency not just
for transportation, but also for planning. We would use that to fund the
consultant who would run the Eichler Design Guidelines proposal, and then
other planning and transportation initiatives that came up in the course of
the year, where we didn't have Staff, we just had to throw resources at it to
get something done. I think in the memo, that's going to the Finance
Committee for next week's meeting, there's some ideas of what those other
projects could be.

Mr. Keene: Just so we're clear, the Finance Committee has not endorsed
that recommendation yet. You specifically asked us to come back on the 7th
with how that would be used.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to briefly address the parking issues.
Parking was one of our highest priorities. The frustration with parking
Downtown and in other places has been a big issue. I guess I wanted to get
a sense of where the paid parking study was. That's the one that's green,
and everything else seems to be contingent upon finishing that paid parking
study.

Ms. Gitelman: You're absolutely right. We see that as an essential study to
move forward with some of the projects we've been talking about for a
while, like the parking guidance system is currently unfunded, kind of on
hold pending the outcome of the paid parking study. We're hoping that
study will allow us to adjust parking rates and potentially even charge for
parking where we don't currently charge. We could use that as a financing
mechanism or to fund parking guidance systems and help us design the
parking access and revenue controls, which is another line item here. We

                                                                      Page 72 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
