                          TRANSCRIPT
in '01 and '02, I would think that, because that was a recession time, that
would have altered the amount that we spent here in this budget.

Mr. Sigman:     We corresponded with a number of your department
representatives to assess the degree to which their operations had changed
during these particular years to see if we could draw conclusions about
staffing in the different City departments and the effect on their budget
more so than macro-economic trends.

Council Member Kniss: Is what you're saying, without putting words in your
mouth, that the trend—this also shows that it actually comes together—
would indicate that, if we continue on the path we're on, we stay in pretty
good stead financially. Am I reading that into this? I know you went
through this with the Finance Committee at length.

Mr. Sigman: Yes. I think that what we're saying is that your budget is fairly
stable. I can't ignore the fact that there is difficulty in the current budgeting
cycle; there's a challenging budget at hand this year. Looking back more
than a decade, we see relatively strong fiscal stability in the City.

Council Member Kniss: Help me make some sense out of this. Between ...

Mayor Burt: Tell us where you're going. What does this have to do with the
scenarios?

Council Member Kniss: Here's what it has to do with it. We grew from
2,000 to 2015 or thereabouts, almost 10,000 people. This doesn't seem to
reflect that. When we're talking about the number of people and the
number of jobs that we're going to be looking at ...

Mayor Burt:   Is this adjusted for population and jobs or is it just absolute
dollars?

Mr. Sigman: This is just dollars. This is straight out of your Comprehensive
Annual Financial Reporting.

Council Member Kniss: It would say to me that regardless of the number of
people that you add, the dollars stay pretty constant. Would that say if we
had ...

Mr. Sigman: They're going up a modest amount ...

Council Member Kniss: Suppose we add another 10,000 people.

Mr. Sigman: Yes. There's a modest trend upward.              I think our report
projects a modest trend upward.
                                                                             Page 80 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
