                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to add on this a little historical context in
the way I'm thinking about this. Back in 2010, Infrastructure was a big
issue. Our infrastructure was falling apart. We didn't have a Public Safety
Building. We really needed to figure out how to solve that. It had been an
issue in Palo Alto in elections for at least 10 or 15 years. We'd been trying
to get a Public Safety Building for much longer than that. We elevated
Infrastructure out. I could see you could have the same discussion today by
saying we shouldn't elevate Infrastructure out because it's part of the Built
Environment. By taking Infrastructure out, focusing on it, I would actually
say we solved the problem or at least we're now in the implementation
phase. Now that implementation phase moves Infrastructure back into the
Built Environment.       Now what we really need to focus on is not
Infrastructure, as Council Member Filseth said, from that high policy
direction to Staff point of view, but mobility is.         I think by folding
Infrastructure back into the Built Environment and pulling mobility out, we're
then setting a new path that this is really important to us and we need to
solve it, much like we were successful with the Infrastructure. I mean, the
purpose of a Priority, in my view as a Council Member, is to set direction to
Staff of what is the big challenge facing the City that we want to solve. I
think mobility is that big challenge that we want to take on and we want to
solve. That's why it should be broken out. That doesn't mean that it's not
related to the Built Environment, much like Infrastructure is related to the
Built Environment. I really would like us to do this if we possibly could.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: It's been a good discussion, but I do think we
ought to think about what we are asking Staff to do and the public, and
that's to set Priorities. The Priority isn't to tinker with the transportation
issue, but rather the transportation issue is linked to our land use, Built
Environment, and so on, and look at these problems as connected.
Therefore, I'd like to propose an amendment to add mobility between
housing and parking in Number 1 and drop Number 2.

Mayor Burt: Do we have a second?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) second that. See where it goes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member Kniss to adopt the following Council Priorities for 2016:

A.    The Built Environment: Infrastructure, Housing, Mobility, Parking, and
      Livability; and

B.    Healthy City, Healthy Community; and
                                                                         Page 43 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
