                          TRANSCRIPT
required for transit, pedestrian and bicycle modes, there's actually no
threshold set. The analysis is simply required; there's no impact triggered.
Per the 2014 guidelines update, TIAs now have to evaluate whether added
project traffic would create delays for buses on local streets. They also need
to evaluate pedestrian and bicycle conditions using a quality of service
metric. Hugh, later in this presentation, will get into one of those metrics.
Finally, the 2014 guidelines update encourages a much broader approach to
understanding a project's trip generation than has typically been the case in
Santa Clara County. Traditionally, most TIAs have used rates published by
the Institute of Transportation Engineers, but these rates are often taken
from really standalone suburban developments that are not typical for what
gets developed here in Palo Alto. For a mixed-use project like you see here,
the trip generation should take into account cross-over between the
residential upstairs and the retail downstairs. City of Palo Alto Staff have
also required that TIAs use trip generation rates based on local traffic counts
rather than simply applying IT trip rates, where they might not be
appropriate. The 2014 guidelines update has also added a new approach to
accounting for trip reductions that would result from a project's TDM
program or from Transportation Demand Management (TDM) policies that
have been put in place at the local level, which you see here in Palo Alto. I'll
hand it over to Ron Milam next to talk about how impacts are evaluated
under CEQA.

Ron Milam, Fehr & Peers: Thanks, Sarah. A lot of what Sarah just described
to you, especially the part about vehicle level of service, is about to change.
That change is something that we in the industry are referring to as an
evolutionary change in practice. The reason for that is that we've introduced
a new law, SB 743(743)—the Legislature passed this back in 2013—that
basically says vehicle level of service can no longer be used as the sole basis
for identifying a transportation impact for CEQA purposes. Instead, we're
going to use a new metric, and that metric was handed over to the
Governor's Office of Planning and Research to select. They selected vehicle
miles traveled, VMT, as that metric. They were also directed to provide us
guidance on how to calculate it, the methodology and also how to set
thresholds. That doesn't take away the discretion that the City has in
setting thresholds, but OPR is going to be providing guidance on that topic.
The reason we consider this an evolutionary change—if you look at the last
decade of CEQA changes, there's only been a couple of big ones. One of
those was Senate Bill (SB) 97, and this came on the heels of Assembly Bill
(AB) 32. That's when the State basically said greenhouse gas reduction is
an important objective of the State. SB 97 is basically when the Legislature
basically expected us to start analyzing greenhouse gases in CEQA. They
basically gave us our first metric. Fast forward to 743, and the Legislature is
actually becoming even more proactive. They've not only given us a new
                                                                          Page 4 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
