                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: It says replace "remove constraints on the addition of
ADUs" with "reduce constraints on the addition of ADUs." That's just in
Scenario 5. Should that also be in Scenario 6? Now we're making a verbal
distinction between the two. By saying "remove constraints," does that
mean you could put an ADU anywhere in Scenario 6? That's not the intent.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, when you put that in, was that
intended to apply only to 5 or 5 and 6?

Council Member DuBois: I was trying to draw differences between 5 and 6,
so it was only 5.

Mayor Burt: That does bring up the question of no constraints. (crosstalk)

Council Member DuBois: That's what it says.

Mayor Burt: I understand that. We have the opportunity tonight to try to
get it right.

Council Member DuBois: I originally was thinking remove it from 5, leave it
on 6. You suggested the change in language.

Mayor Burt: I would support having this apply to 5 and 6.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I was going to suggest.         Do you have a
problem with that or not?

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: By removing the development by-right language, what
is the effect of that by taking it out of 5 and leaving it in 6? He changed it to
modified regulations. I felt the same way about that with both 5 and 6. The
real answer is if it's zoned for that, we have no ARB review, we have no
nothing.

Mayor Burt: I think that has a meaningful distinction.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is that the idea, that we're not going to have ARB
review? If so, I don't think it's worth studying. I don't see us saying you
can build an apartment complex or a housing complex without ARB review.
I think that's also a waste of time to study.

Male: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't see that as a worthwhile thing to study. I would
suggest that we have the same language in 6 which is modified regulations.
                                                                          Page 79 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
