                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: That doesn't need to be in the motion or anything like
that.

Mr. Keene: No. I think the fallback position, based on what you're saying,
Mr. Vice Mayor, is if we're unable to get that, we really don't have a way to
fund the enhancements, and we have the default $13 million bridge.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That was sort of my sense. It's a $13 million bridge
unless someone gives us more money. The other question I really had on
this was the timing and the community engagement. The community wants
a bridge. What are you looking for in terms of community engagement?
Are we going to talk about colors? If we don't have money for the options,
what are you thinking we're going to do? We're going to hold meetings and
tell people it's a $13 million bridge unless we get other money or are we
going to tell people we want all the options, but we can't afford it; dream
big? What are you thinking?

Mr. Eggleston: I think one thing we would do is show these options and
describe the funding situation to them. When we came to you, we might be
able to say, "At meetings we had, there was a lot of support for trying to add
this option." You might prefer that we didn't string that up in front of people
with the hope that they can add it to the bridge if we don't have the funding.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I have concerns about that. I have concerns about
going to the community and getting people all excited about stuff, and
then—like we did sort of with the design thing and then pulling it back and
saying, "No, you can't really have this beautiful bridge. You have this
bridge."

Mr. Keene: We had that exact conversation. To be honest with you, my
recommendation would be to come back to the Council first, for you to know
better what the options look like. It would be quite—we could spend two
months meeting with the public, getting a lot of things going, and all of a
sudden we say, "Never mind. The money's out of reach," or whatever it is.
You could then direct us to go and do outreach subsequent to coming back,
if that's what you decide. You could decide we're going for a more basic
bridge or we're going to pursue the enhancements, and then ask us. We're
ultimately going to be engaged with the public any way in the CEQA process
itself also.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right. That's what I was thinking. We have to go
through a CEQA process, which will engage the public at least in the CEQA
process. I also wanted to thank John Igoe from Google. I see you're here.
Thank you very much for the money. We really appreciate that. We
appreciate you working with us and having Google. Please convey to
                                                                        Page 92 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
