                          TRANSCRIPT
other thing in here that I actually thought was pretty interesting was some
of the discussion about bicycle LOS and LTS. I thought some of that was
very interesting. The point about it's hard to compare car LOS versus bike
LOS versus pedestrian LOS is really important. Until we figure that out, we
ought to be looking at pedestrian LOS as part of our pedestrian
infrastructure programs, bike LOS as part of bike infrastructure programs,
and so forth as opposed to trying to do a real fungible multimode LOS thing.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Just my final thoughts. One, I don't want to have us think that
our Comp Plan or General Plan is the only way in which we will be essentially
setting entitlement conditions, because the other is that the Comp Plan will
drive changes to the Zoning Code. That's probably where we'll have even
more clear conditions than the references to Comp Plan consistency. I just
want to make sure everybody's thinking along those lines. Our prior Comp
Plan was a process of a half dozen years after adoption of the Comp Plan
before we had the Zoning Code changes catch up to it. This time Director
Gitelman has been talking about having those things roughly align. That'll
be a challenge, but it seems like it's going to be even more important to not
have a lag between the Zoning Ordinance updates and the Comp Plan
adoption in light of what we're talking about here. One other final thought.
I am really intrigued by this bike level of service and that the Google bike
network looks at—it really looks at it similar to how we're saying we should
with automobiles, which is not just distance but time traveled and obstacles
to movement. The other dimensions that we'll want to be thinking about is,
at it starts becoming a major player, the role of electric bikes, which extends
the bike range, has different travel patterns and may be a major new mode
share if we think of it as somewhat different from biking or an extension of
biking that will significantly expand it.        We need to be giving those
considerations greater emphasis. It's a bit hard to do it because we don't
see it yet, but I think it's really on the horizon. It would behoove all of us to
be thinking about how to plan for that. Thank you very much for a very
informative if still somewhat challenging topic. Where do we go if we want
to change State law? All roads lead to Sacramento I suppose. Thank you
all.




                                                                         Page 38 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
