                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Yeah, contiguous.

Vice Mayor Scharff:     When we say opportunities presented by new
development will be optimized, I assume we mean opportunities presented
for enhancement of the urban forest. We're talking about this in terms of
the urban forest; we're not talking about anything else when we say
opportunities presented. New development presents lots of opportunities
that may be outside the context of this. I just wanted to make sure that
that's what we mean.

Council Member Holman: What that is—I really just took the last two
paragraphs of the two versions. The original version said opportunities
presented by new development will be optimized. That's where that comes
from. It seems to make sense to me.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I'm not sure what opportunities presented by
new—I assume it means for the urban forest. Is that you think it means?
You said it's clear to you.

Mayor Holman: Yeah, because of its context. The vision statement ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we say "opportunities presented by new
development for enhancement of the urban forest"?

Council Member Holman: That's fine, I think.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part P, “for enhancement of
the urban forest” after “new development.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: Other than that, I think it's good.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you all for the good work. Canopy at the
back of the room and so forth, it's good to see you. One question. Maybe I
didn't hear the answer. When we're talking about planting lots of trees, are
we talking about finding lots of water?

Mr. Passmore: Not necessarily because trees, once established with the
correct soil environment, actually can survive mainly on natural rainfall. A
lot of the Urban Forest Master Plan programs are setting up trees for success
by creating the soil and the surrounding environment that they need to
thrive.


                                                                     Page 105 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/23/16
