                         TRANSCRIPT

forward. Each speaker will have up to three minutes. Our first speaker if
Palo Alto Free Press.

Palo Alto Free Press: Thank you very much, Council Members. One of the
things that brought me out here this evening was to address the issue of
medical marijuana and dispensaries. What I found most troubling were the
wild assertions that were put forth by City Attorney Molly Stumps. As an
attorney, you really want to make a defense for your clients, your clients
being all of you assembled here at the dais. One of the things that she
mentioned is that many California communities have experienced adverse
impacts and negative secondary effects from medical marijuana
establishments and cultivation sites. She goes on to cite that there is
significant evidence that medical marijuana delivery services are also targets
of violent crimes and pose a danger to the public. If you're an attorney, I
think it would behoove Molly Stump to present the evidence just as any
attorney would do for his clients. I hope that what you would is maybe
reach out to your counterparts in Denver, Colorado, to see how they have
addressed this issue. As you know, the cultivation of marijuana and medical
dispensaries are allowed. One thing that I would like you to think about is
this journal entitled Journal of the Studies on Alcohol and Drugs. This
journal was established in 1940. It explores the ecological association
between crime and medical marijuana dispensaries.          In its concluding
comments with respect to the study, it says this, nationally there were no
observed cross-sectional associations between the density of medical
marijuana dispensaries and either violent or property crime rates in this
study. That's a powerful statement that's coming from a renowned journal
that has all kinds of data that can be shared with you. I would recommend
two things. Reach out to your Denver, Colorado, counterparts, and do the
research before you listen to an attorney that's supposed to be presenting
some data and some factual evidence before you enact this emergency
ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Robert Moss.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I want to
clarify some of the comments I have made about office density, that is the
number of workers per office. I think I was misunderstood in some of the
statements I made before. Let me be clear about the data that I was using.
There's a report that came out four years that was published in The New
York Times about two, two and a half years ago, that was based on surveys
of over 400 property owners nationwide on their actual office density
occupancy. At that time, they were making projections of what would
                                                                         Page 8 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
