                         TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager: What page are you on?

Council Member DuBois: Page 6 of the Staff Report.

Ms. Atkinson: That's not an indication of loss money; that's an expense.
That's the amount of money that has been paid out to the signage
contractor to date for installation of signs.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just saying next year we won't have that
$300,000 expense, and we'll still have $560,000 of revenue.

Ms. Atkinson: The revenue from permits sold this year is slightly different
than it will be in years to come, because we don't know the number of
employee permits that will be sold in the future nor the permit price,
because this is still a pilot program for the Downtown RPP district. We also
had Phase 1 and Phase 2 permits sold this year.

Council Member DuBois: At a high level, it looks like it's a very quick
payback, a highly profitable year 2.

Ms. Atkinson: Potentially.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. The first question is on the sign with the black
and the red, page 22 of the PowerPoint. My eyes aren't that good enough.
What is the black, red and green? What's the breakdown on that? It's
confusing as to where it—black looks like it's 87 and above. What's the ...

Ms. Atkinson: This is the resident-submitted occupancy counts for the
Evergreen Park neighborhood. They use a slightly different color scheme
than Staff typically uses. I can thumb through and double check, but I
believe that the black is to represent greater than 80 percent occupancy,
which Staff would typically use a red color for.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Red itself is below 80 but above what?

Ms. Atkinson: Per the petition, red indicates an occupancy of 50 to 84
percent occupied, and then black is 85 percent and above.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's helpful. I wanted to understand a little bit about
what the PTC did. I thought our Ordinance said that the PTC had to
prioritize and give a recommendation.        What I see here is not a
recommendation for either Southgate or Evergreen.                Was their
                                                                      Page 70 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
