                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Right.

Council Member Holman:         For Scenarios 5 and 6 in Table 2, adopt
regulations and potential incentives to create smaller units. Adding the word
potential. If I can get a second to that.

Mayor Burt: I'll support that.

AMENDMENT K: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Burt
to add to the Motion, “add to Table 2 Row 9, ‘potential’ after ‘regulations
and.’” (New Part C.iii.)

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I absolutely appreciate that you've
got in here avoid policies to avoid the loss of existing housing and
displacement. I so much appreciate that. I'm a little bit concerned—maybe
Staff's clear on this. I'm not sure everybody would be. There are a number
of places where there's a reference to commercial development. Retail is
also commercial. I think what we're referring to is office. Is that not right?

Ms. Gitelman: Generally that's right. I think in some places we call it non-
retail commercial densities and sometimes we just shorten it to commercial.

Council Member Holman: There are a couple of places I'd like to make the
comment just to be clear, if you think it's necessary or if you get it.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we understand. We're talking about Office/R&D.

Council Member Holman: In Table 2 it's commercial. Table 3 also talks
about commercial densities. We really are just talking about office. Table 4,
infrastructure, I'd really like to add in all scenarios that we add our urban
forest as an infrastructure item.

Mayor Burt: I will support that. If it's okay, I'd like to hear from Staff their
thoughts on whether that is an infrastructure or some other way to capture
that intent.

AMENDMENT L: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Burt
to add to the Motion, “add Urban Forest as infrastructure.” (New Part C.iv.)

James Keene, City Manager: Could we maybe get a little direction? We
understood the concept as it was made earlier. That's very appropriate.
We're just rolling it right now in infrastructure with the traditional meanings
of that. It might do both of them.

Mayor Burt: What would be the impact? As I'm thinking about this, what's
the impact for CEQA analysis of adding that concept, whether we call it
                                                                          Page 73 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
