                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: That's right. The policy levers that I showed about slowing
the rate of job growth, those were applied to the ABAG numbers, and they
started to moderate that growth that's been projected by ABAG.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do we have any indication that the ABAG numbers are
even in the ballpark? Clearly, their housing numbers are not in the ballpark.

Ms. Gitelman: I've always thought the ABAG numbers are high. In this
economy we're seeing right now, they're actually low. Over the next 15
years to 2030, I don't know. We have to use what we have. ABAG
Projections 2013 is what we have. We don't have any local projection that
we could use in lieu of that like we do on the housing side.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Could we create our own? Could we hire a consultant
and figure out good numbers?

Ms. Gitelman: Our idea is that the Business Registry ultimately will yield the
data to help us moderate census data and get a local projection that works.
I think it would be difficult to do that now. We don't have the same track
record on job data that we do on the housing side.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. First of all, this is really cool. Thank
you very much. I have two questions about the attachment here. The first
one is this number, 11,448. What's the right number?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry?

Council Member Filseth: This number, let's see. Scenario Four, City and
Statement of Intent (SOI) total vehicle miles traveled says 11,448. That's
obviously not right. What's the right number?

Ms. Gitelman: We issued a correction on that. If we're looking at City total
vehicle miles traveled, Scenario 4 is 5,788,497. It was obviously a typo.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. The second question is when I was
going through this, I looked up all the numbers from Appendix H actually in
the Staff Report. I don't see the City total motor vehicle trips. The numbers
here are a lot different from the ones I saw. This must include more.
Where do I find those numbers in the Staff Report?



                                                                        Page 23 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
