                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: The original intent of the cap or limit was traffic.
Was traffic discussed?

Ms. Gitelman: The discussion really focused on this issue of nonresidential
growth. I think everybody understands the reason we want to limit growth
is because of its potential impacts. It was really a discussion about how to
evolve or perpetuate Policy L-8 and the related policies in the
Comprehensive Plan.

Mayor Burt: Just to clarify, when you use the term conservative, that really
was referring to more restrictive on overall nonresidential growth. That's
what you mean by conservative. I have a few questions. In the Stanford
University Medical Center, where we're talking about excluding that from the
commercial cap, is that only referring to excluding the currently approved
square footage?

Ms. Gitelman: In the case of the cumulative cap, we were talking about
excluding the area itself. Again, the Council within recent years took a
separate action to amend the Comprehensive Plan to exempt that area from
the nine monitored areas. The thought was to perpetuate that recent action.

Mayor Burt: The question would be whether that exclusion was intended to
embody the development project that went through a multiyear approval
process or to exclude that geographic area for all things going forward. I
don't recall the latter having ever been discussed as an intent within the
approval of the Medical Center projects. I'll just say I would consider that an
open issue without …

Ms. Gitelman: I think in drafting the Staff Report, we agreed with you. We
thought this area could be explored further. One thing we can do is go back
and find the specific language of that Comp Plan amendment that was
adopted when the hospital went through.

Mayor Burt:    The specific language of the Comp Plan amendment is
important, but so would be the context for that decision. I wouldn't limit it
just to that. Do we know approximately the percentage of all commercial
development in the City that is hotel?

Ms. Gitelman: Off the top of my head, I do not. We can find that out and
get back to the Council.

Mayor Burt: We have a number of questions around hotels. I think that's
an important context. Is it 5 percent, is it 10 percent or is it low single
digits, which probably is what it is but don't know. There was discussion
around residential sites on certain low-density commercial land. A lot of that
                                                                       Page 66 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
