                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We now have four members of the public to speak. Each one
will have up to three minutes. Our first speaker is Arthur Keller, to be
followed by Yoriko Kishimoto.

Arthur Keller: Thank you very much. This is a very interesting discussion. I
am speaking as an individual and not in any official capacity. Firstly, the
presentation talked about the traffic impact analysis being based on level of
service thresholds and discussed how Menlo Park's thresholds are more strict
than Palo Alto's. We could adopt their standards. They're easy to measure.
It's just substituting one set of numbers for another once we convert level of
service to being a General Plan or Comp Plan level of impact. Actually, I
would create a law that would implement that. That's actually very easy to
do. The other thing is that there's another problem with our traffic impact
analysis, and that is the baseline for comparing the impact of development.
When you look at traffic impact, you compare the baseline with the traffic
being proposed by new development.            We typically use the highest
theoretical use of a building, even that's empty, even if the building has
been empty for years. For example what happened with Alma Plaza. We
considered that baseline as if it were fully occupied even though it wasn't
occupied for years. That's kind of crazy. That level of baseline can be
higher than was ever achieved in terms of the amount of traffic by that
existing development. The baseline, I think, should be the actual measure
of traffic generated by the existing development within the last two years.
Doing so would discourage kicking out the current tenants in anticipation of
development, which is also a bad thing to do. We know that Alma Plaza was
allowed to go to ruin because it was basically empty for years. We want to
discourage that. Congestion also has the impact, as Council Member Kniss
mentioned, of harming public health. As cars are idling, they actually put
out a lot of pollution. When they start and stop and start and stop, that
actually adds more pollution than if cars are just flowing.         Also, the
assumption that reduction of VMT necessarily leads to LOS is not the case.
For example, let's suppose you consider putting a big housing project along
one route or putting a big housing project along another route but a mile
closer. The mile closer along a different route would reduce the VMT by the
number of people times one mile. That second route would have greatly
increased level of service impacts. It may in the aggregate work out, but in
terms of what the impact on the people along that other route is, they will
certainly feel the increase in congestion. It's not necessarily the case that
reducing VMT reduces LOS. It could result in local impacts to LOS where
you make it worse for some people and perhaps better for others. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Former Mayor Kishimoto, to be
followed by Neilson Buchanan. Welcome.
                                                                       Page 30 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
