                          TRANSCRIPT
truck routes and weight limits to consider such issues as relationship to
neighborhood jurisdictions, lower weight limits, increased number of routes
and economic and environmental impacts. It sounds to me, if I read that
correctly, like we're going to be allowing commercial trucks on more streets.
That's how it reads to me. Changing Palo Alto's truck routes and weight
limits, what does that mean? Are we going to increase truck weight limits in
residential neighborhoods?      It's just unclear.   I don't know what the
intention is here. If the intention is to something contrary to that, we need
to be clear about it.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that's a carry-over policy, but we can look at that and
make that more clear.

Council Member Holman:         We get a lot of cut-through right now for
commercial trucks on residential streets that aren't appropriate. Next page,
425, I think we could be a little clearer—Policy T37, encourage pedestrian-
friendly design features such as sidewalks, street trees. This kind of goes to
three different things. I'll just mention the policies, and then you can roll
them together in another way. Policy 37, Policy 38 and then on the next
page, Policy 311, talk about tree plantings, sidewalks, planting pockets and
the Grand Boulevard Design Guidelines. I'm talking about three at once.
Those are on Page 425 and 426. It seems to me that what we're looking for
is wider sidewalks that the community has been asking for.                That's
consistent with the Grand Boulevard Design Guidelines. We're talking about
pedestrian-friendly building design, not interesting architectural details.
We're talking about adding planting pockets with street trees as opposed to
increasing our tree canopy overall as a traffic calming measure. I'm just
trying to comment on those three policies at once with those comments to
be incorporated. Agree with comments that have been made previously on
Packet Page 428. The new Policy T41 is not what it was before, which was
Policy T47, I believe it was. If I can find it quickly enough. Policy T47 said
protect residential areas from parking impacts of nearby business districts.
It seems like it's been diluted greatly actually with the new Policy T41. I
would revert back to Policy T47. Goal T4, I don't know what it means. I
think we could be clearer about—going to packet Page 432—the purpose of
RPP and who to engage there. I think I'm getting close to ... The other
couple of things I would say is we do have reference in here, of course, to
VTA. I think the language could be stronger given some of the things that
are happening off and on with VTA. We need to advocate with VTA, not just
coordinate, work with. We need to advocate with VTA to preserve existing
and enhanced service to Palo Alto. I did not see in here working with VTA
and SamTrans to coordinate services. That also should be included. I am
going to put a plug in here, because it exists and we're not addressing it or
even considering it. Study the feasibility of and consider utilization of the El
                                                                        Page 107 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
