                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Shall we let Council Member DuBois proceed while we kind of
digest that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let me just basically bring this to a head here. Phil,
what I hear you saying is that this makes a lot of sense in the short term. I
don't disagree with you. Nutrient discharges, dealing with our current
regulatory. You're asking us to go out to 2060. As Mayor Burt has said, this
is going to be a valuable commodity. I just want to know that this
agreement in the context with the base agreement basically says that
Mountain View's water is Mountain View's, and that our water is our water,
and that we are going to separate out the costs in a way that makes fiscal
sense to Palo Alto and to Mountain View in a fair way.

Mr. Keene: I think you could say that. I think we can say that.

Mr. Bobel: You said it well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm concerned, Phil, that—I only have so much time to
read this stuff, and I haven't heard from our City Attorney to assure me that
what I've said. I know you want us to vote for this tonight, and I know that
you will say that it's there. I don't believe that you've actually read the
agreements and have a sense of how they work legally. What I really want
to hear is I want assurance from our City Attorney that these agreements do
what they say. If they don't, then I want us to rewrite them and go back
and look at them. That's all.

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff. The agreements
are more general and cooperative in tone. This is an intergovernmental
agreement with our partner and neighbor Mountain View and don't
necessarily address at a fine point all of these various contingencies. They
weren't negotiated for that purpose. I do think it is an area where if Council
wants some more specific language, I'm hopeful that we can enter into those
discussions with Mountain View. I don't imagine they would have a concern
with the direction that you would like to have some additional detail and
language of assurance. Those would be some things that we could add into
the agreement. What I'm hearing the Staff say is that these principles are
kind of undergirding the cooperative relationship. These documents are a
part of that, but there is a lot of other history in the way that things are
applied and worked out at the Staff level. If you'd like to see some of that
made concrete and very specific in the agreement, then we can work on
doing that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think I would.


                                                                        Page 72 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
