                          TRANSCRIPT
criteria? Do we need to make them design standards? How do we better
incorporate these into our findings and in our Architectural Review? I guess
I should clarify here. When I was reviewing this, what I used to—the filter I
used to review these are my personal perspective of projects that we get,
the basis of appeals that we hear, and also public comment that we get, and
to some extent also comments that ARB members have made over time.
Context Based Criteria.

Mr. Lait: Would you like a response now?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Mr. Lait: I think sort of inherent in the process is all of the projects that we
send forward to the Architectural Review Board and are ultimately reviewed
and approved by the Director do get evaluated to these findings. They do
get evaluated to the Context Based Criteria that are set forth in the Code,
the ones that you referenced, and also in the multifamily chapter as well. I
think that there is probably a dialog that could take place about the quality
of products that are coming out of that review process. I think there's a lot
that we do that the Council doesn't see or hear about, because I think the
vast majority of the projects that are going forward to the Architectural
Review Board as a major ARB have been satisfactorily reviewed perhaps by
the community. There are some, of course, that will get the public's
attention; they're the larger projects. There is a review process that exists
for those projects. It starts off with the Architectural Review Board, with an
appeal to Council and action by the Council. It's this body also on appeal
that sits in and weighs in on the findings and also the design based criteria.
What might be helpful at a future session with the Architectural Review
Board and Staff at a joint meeting is to talk a little bit more about the
projects that we want to see come out of this project. I don't believe that
there's any amendments needed now to the Context Based Design Criteria,
but I would say that I do want to look at that. Our focus this round has
been to look at the ARB findings. I do think that a reassessment of the
Context Based Criteria could be helpful. There is another example of one of
the problems that Amy had talked about and we have in our Staff Report is
this fatigue that comes with reviewing projects to these standards. It's
extensive. It's a thick amount of paper that we have to review each project
to. I think that there may be an opportunity to even tighten these up, I
think, in the future as well.

Council Member Holman: Appreciate the explanation. I'm going to sound
like a critic here, because we are supposed to be giving a critical eye to this.
In that context, yes, there are a lot of projects that the Council doesn't
review, don't get appealed, blah, blah, blah. Yet, we're all members of the

                                                                          Page 10 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
