                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Where does that start then?

Mr. Friend: It's in the appendix section.      It starts on Page 34 of the
appendix. That's your Packet Page 561.

Council Member Wolbach: Got you. When does that section end?

Mr. Friend: Around 110, I think.

Council Member Wolbach: There is much more in that.

Mr. Friend: One hundred and nineteen. Yes, there's a lot there.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for pointing that out.

Mr. Friend: I'm sorry that wasn't clear. There's been a change in how cities
are doing Climate Action Plans from massive tomes to shorter reports with
supplementary appendices. We did that in the interest of accessibility and
readability. We'll make more clear in the future that those appendices are
there.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Actually I think Council Member Filseth beat me to
the punch. Thank you for bringing this forward. There is a lot of things to
digest and a lot of things to consider. I'm going to ask you the questions
where I think there are gaps. If you can help me understand what I'm not
seeing. One of them, which is perhaps an easy one and perhaps not, is in
the report it said that there were 22 members of an S/CAP advisory, I think
it was called a committee or something like that. In the presentation, it says
that there was an advisory board of 25 people, but the other said there were
22 people. Is it the same thing that we're talking about? It's called
something different.

Mr. Friend: Same thing called something different inadvertently by me. I
think the count is actually 27 once we get down to it.

Council Member Holman: I was also curious how these people were chosen.
I see a lot of gaps in representation, a lot of gaps, significant gaps. How
were these people chosen? No reflection on the people that are here. I'm
just saying that a lot of representation isn't here.

Mr. Friend: These were chosen in conversation by City Manager Keene and
myself with advice from others.
                                                                         Page 24 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
