                          TRANSCRIPT
applicant comes through the door to have the conversation with Staff about
filing an application, we weren't having the office cap conversation either.
That was not part of the dialog at the time. We also believe that TDMs have
been a tool that we've been using to help address these types of uses. That
collection of facts is what got us initially supporting the concept of the CUP.
We've since learned that the parcels were actually merged in the mid to late
'90s. We also know that the Council and the community have been having a
dialog about the office cap. These are important considerations for the
Council when evaluating whether to grant the CUP for the amount that's
over the 5,000 square feet. That's sort of what happened and how it played
out. I'm not tracking the two sides of the coin that you're describing.

Council Member Holman: What I was trying to say was on the one hand
there's an advantage to treat them as if they're merged because they are
merged because that helps with the parking situation and the subterranean
garage construction. On the other hand, it's an advantage to treat them as
if they're separate parcels because then there's a potential eligibility for
office space. You can't have it both ways it seems. If this is one parcel,
which it is, is there actually an adequate consideration for CUP? Why is
there the feasibility within the Code to allow a 5,000-square-foot CUP for
additional office?

Mr. Lait: That's set forth in the Code. There wasn't always the time where
we were as concerned about office development as we are at this point in
time. The Code contemplated developers or property owners seeking to
have more office than is set forth in the Code at the 5,000-square-foot limit,
so there is the CUP process. On Packet Page 59, we lay out the findings for
which somebody may request office space in excess of 5,000. Importantly,
one of the criteria for that is not to be merging parcels together. It just
happened to be part of the conversation for this particular site. Would the
proposed use at this location be detrimental or injurious to the property?
That's a subjective conversation or thought process for the Council to
consider. Would the proposed use be located and conducted in a manner in
accordance with the Comprehensive Plan? I think that there is findings and
policies that could support it. I could appreciate that the Council may have a
different perspective on that.

Council Member Holman: I seem to not be asking my questions very clearly.
If this is one parcel, which it is, are they eligible, is this site eligible for
additional 5,000 square feet CUP of office? Have office through a CUP?

Mr. Lait: Through a CUP, yes.

Council Member Holman: As one parcel.

                                                                         Page 22 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
