                         TRANSCRIPT
items that we were tasked to look at.          One was providing additional
ingress/egress for pedestrians that were traveling northbound so they
wouldn't have to take such a long detour to get to the entrance of the
pedestrian bridge, and then have to travel all the way back. It was originally
envisioned as a staircase. The second item that we were tasked to look at
was improvements to West Bayshore to eliminate or to improve the bike
lane, so that the bike lane could be continuous. Currently, it's shared with a
very small sidewalk at the channel crossing. What we envision and what we
came up with was an access ramp that was also Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) accessible for the pedestrians and became a pedestrian bypass,
where we moved the pedestrians off the street onto this and demolished the
existing sidewalk that would be at the channel and utilize that as a
continuous bicycle lane. The additional benefit is that this provides a
secondary ingress/egress access when Santa Clara Valley Water District will
be doing the regular maintenance every 3-5 years. They'll need to close the
trail and the trailhead for that maintenance. This allowed us to keep the
bicycle and pedestrian path open throughout that as a secondary emergency
access.

Council Member Holman: This is on the west side. On the east side, they
run concurrent, pedestrians and bicycles mostly.

Mr. Schnabel: We didn't look at improvement on that area.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: You started to answer one of my questions. I'm
still trying to picture the west side with the pedestrian sidewalk. In the
video, it's basically a raised sidewalk.

Mr. Schnabel: That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: Why did you do that again, if somebody just wants
to walk along Bayshore?

Mr. Schnabel: Currently the access for pedestrians basically goes into the
street and shares the bicycle lane at the channel crossing, because the
bicycle lane and pedestrian are together.

Council Member DuBois: There's no sidewalk there currently?

Mr. Schnabel: There is a sidewalk, but it's shared with the bicycle lane.
Basically the bicyclists have to ramp up into the sidewalk. It's a very narrow

                                                                        Page 55 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
