                           TRANSCRIPT
that site as well. There was a program about signage in the parks. I just
hope that will be done tastefully. Program 2A1 about Cubberley, I think
that's a huge one. There's a lot of playing fields, a lot of heavy use at
Cubberley. It's there. I just wanted to emphasize it. The last thing is this is
also our recreation plan. I've been hearing recently from parents and from
Parent-Teacher Association (PTA) people about an interest in a team rec
league for sports. I don't know if that's something we've ever explored. I
think it could be a good place to cooperate with the School District and see if
we could have somewhere between pick-up sports and organized sports,
almost like an intramural high school league, where we mix students from
both high schools. It could be more casual. If you're busy, you don't have
to show up. I've heard a lot of interest from parents in some kind of
program like that. Particularly when they get to high school, they have to
cut sports like soccer.

Mr. de Geus: Is that at the high school level?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Soccer and basketball in particular where
the kids get cut and they just stop playing. That's it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'd like to say I thought this was
really well done when I went through and looked at the programs and how it
was put together. Kudos to the Parks Commission for working on this, and
Staff. On Packet Page 54, we talk about the community engagement
results. I wanted to say I agreed with all of those. I would implement
basically what we have in there. I thought they were all basically right. I
particularly like the idea of more fun in the parks. I thought that was sort of
captured with having movies in the park, and Council's strong support for
Pokémon Go in the parks. I liked all of that. I wanted to basically comment
one thing. It talks about current policies that prioritize facility availability for
Palo Alto residents are widely supported and stakeholders generally agree
that Palo Alto (inaudible) should be focused on providing services to local
residents rather than providing regional attractions. I totally agree with
that. If you turn to Packet Page 98, I wanted to point out that 6C2 in my
view is overly restrictive. I would caution people against being so restrictive
that we say use of parks for locally focused events where more than 50
percent of participants—this is Packet Page 98, 6C2—are expected to be Palo
Alto residents, basically indicating that if you don't have an event of which
more than 50 percent are Palo Alto residents, we wouldn't support doing
this. I think the answer is there might be lots of reasons why you would,
and you wouldn't want to limit it like this. What would happen, for instance,
if we found out that 52 percent of people who run the Moonlight Run are not

                                                                            Page 20 of 121
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 09/06/16
