                          TRANSCRIPT
the solutions, as pointed out by Council Member Holman and other speakers,
are anemic. We are facing cataclysmic extinction event on this planet. The
S/CAP proposes synergistic and some conflicting elements. I would like to
see further analysis of how we plan to sustain more than humans and maybe
farm animals into the future. We cannot assume that carbon reduction
alone will take care of our ecosystems. I also would like to second some of
the comments about need to allow water for landscaping and wildlife and
Catherine Martineau's discussion of carbon sequestration.           Wetlands,
grasslands and trees all help with that. I didn't see enough discussion of
carbon sequestration solutions in the Plan. Since there is no life without
water, if we are going to sustain life in our City, then we need to be able to
allocate some water not only for human purposes. I think that's something
that we really need to start looking at. I can see some companies in the
area that are starting to look at how do you provide water for others than
human consumption and use. That's really important. I would like to
second Doria Summa's suggestion that there would be better discussion at
the CAC, because we haven't really had time to have any discussion of this
Plan at all. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Rita Vrhel.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. I'd like to thank City Council Member Holman for
bringing up the idea of sustainability as far as water is concerned and also
the idea that there's a huge cost to tearing down an existing house and
rebuilding it, even if you rebuild it green. I think one of the things that is
missing from this report is the concept of rampant consumerism. I think it
relates to so many things that we're discussing tonight. When you see a
property in Palo Alto that most people would literally die to live in torn down
and then replaced with a building that is three times as large, possibly as big
as 7,000 square feet, with a basement that is or is not going to require
dewatering or you see a basement that is 3,454 square feet like the house
on 736 Garland, which right now is sending 300,000 gallons of water down
the storm drain a day, it makes some of the conversation that has been held
tonight seem not sustainable.        I think everybody in the world is for
sustainability. I think the question is how do we get there. If you have a
9,000-square-foot house, even if you have net neutral electricity, that is a
lot of electricity. It's certainly a lot more than, say, a 400-square-foot
apartment, which the City Council is now looking at for tech workers. I
would like to—the idea of dewatering will be coming up again. I would like
to request that the City Council consider, when it comes up again, the idea
that all buildings that have basements go through an independent review
process. Basements are not counted right now in the floor area space unless
it's part of a garage, and they have many impacts on their neighbors and on
the whole rain storm, drain, flood situation. I'm hoping that basements will
                                                                         Page 42 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
