                         TRANSCRIPT
Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: Our next item is the Consent Calendar. We have one speaker,
Laura Beaton, who would like to speak on Item Number 11. Three more
speakers apparently. Thank you.

Laura Beaton, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: Thank you,
Council Members, for your time. My name is Laura Beaton, and I am with
Shute Mihaly and Weinberger.         I represent Palo Alto resident Neilson
Buchanan regarding Palo Alto's implementation of the Downtown Residential
Preferential Parking Program (RPP). On behalf of Mr. Buchanan, I strongly
urge the Council to remove Agenda Item 11 from the Consent Calendar
tonight and to continue it until sometime in the next 30 days for full
discussion. We ask the Council to do this so it can give this matter the
attention it deserves, to ensure that the Downtown RPP complies with State
law, and that Downtown residents are not adversely affected by the
program. There are two points I would like to briefly highlight for the
Council regarding why full discussion of the status of the RPP is necessary,
which are explained in more detail in the letter my firm submitted to the
Council on behalf of Mr. Buchanan on August 12th. First, the California
Vehicle Code requires that permits to part in RPPs be given only to those
who live or work adjacent to the area where they are permitted to park.
Under the Hermosa Beach case, this means a city can issue permits for
those living or working in an impacted area to park within that area. Here,
Phase 2 of the Downtown RPP assigns Downtown employees to park up to
nearly a mile away from Downtown, which is by no means adjacent to where
they work. This is in areas that do not suffer from Downtown's parking
impacts. Permitting Downtown employees to park so far away from where
they work does not comport with the Vehicle Code's requirements for an
RPP. Second, the Vehicle Code allows a city to issue permits for office
employees, like most Downtown workers are, only if their parking in those
areas will not adversely affect parking conditions for residents and
merchants in that area. We're concerned because the data and the on-the-
ground conditions that we have seen so far, including in the Staff Report for
this Agenda Item, indicate that Phase 2 is having a negative impact on
parking conditions in residential neighborhoods around Downtown. Also the
data provided in the status update are too limited to draw an accurate
conclusion regarding Phase 2's impacts on the neighborhood parking
conditions, especially because the two surveys paint quite different pictures
of parking conditions between the two survey dates that the City conducted.
We simply need more surveys on different days of the week, not just
Thursdays, including when school is back in session and when there is no
sewer construction going on that blocks parking on certain residential
streets. We need this to determine whether there really is or is not an
                                                                       Page 13 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/15/16
