                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Aiken: We pick up our direct costs but not our overheard with our fees
for camps and for our outreach programs.

Council Member DuBois: This is all staffed by City Staff, right?

Mr. Aiken: Correct.

Council Member DuBois: My last question is really about the Phase 2 timing.
It sounded like you view that as necessary financially or it basically improves
the financial outlook. What's the timing on that? Could Phase 2 happen a
couple of years later? What's the thought?

Mr. de Geus: Our hope is as soon as possible. We didn't get into the design
too closely tonight, but it's a pretty exciting Phase 2 actually with the tree
fort and upper experience for visitors. We think that some folks will be
inspired to fund that and make that happen. We hope within 3-5 years we
can build that Phase 2.

Council Member DuBois: It's kind of outside the scope for sure of Phase 1?

Mr. de Geus: It's outside the scope for now. The $25 million that the
Friends are committed to and are close to reaching that target won't allow
us to build that piece of the project.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Is it the intention to continue fundraising for that Phase 2 even
as the $25 million is reached? Are the Friends doing that or taking a break?
If they should be able to raise it, then maybe it could still be folded in.

Mr. de Geus: These are ongoing discussions with the Friends. They've been
doing such an outstanding job in getting to that $25 million. They certainly
deserve a break. I think that's fair and reasonable. John and I would …

Mayor Burt: That's an incredible fundraising.

Mr. de Geus: Yeah. We're hoping that we can still shake loose this
additional funding from somewhere, but we don't want to put too much
pressure on our Friends.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: This whole project continues what the Junior
Museum really is, exciting, fun, educational. It's fantastic that the Friends
are doing this for the community. It was fun with my kids, fun with my
grandkids, and it looks like it'll be even more fun for future generations. Let
                                                                           Page 14 of 64
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/21/16
