                         TRANSCRIPT
than what we have currently. That finding is able to be made. Of course,
you're the Council and you can disagree with that finding. The second issue,
real briefly, that was raised in the Shute Mihaly letter was whether a fuller
CEQA process should be conducted in connection with this program. We've
talked about this in the past. There is a case called Santa Monica Chamber
of Commerce versus City of Santa Monica where the court specifically found
that these RPP Programs do not require a Negative Declaration or an EIR,
that a categorical exemption such as the one we used here is sufficient. We
think that the appropriate CEQA coverage was done in connection with this
program.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. I guess one thing we haven't talked
about at all was impacts on merchants and how they fit into all of this. I
just have some thoughts I was going to try to get through. I found the Staff
Report pretty silent on daily permits to businesses. I mean, you kind of had
to read between the lines, and I think it's come out here that there was a
limit on residential purchase of dailies, but there's no limit for employees.
Again, I think that kind of goes to the heart of the issue. We're saying
there's a cap, but it seems like there's a lot of loopholes in that cap which
gets us back to the legal letter, I think. My understanding in December
when we were talking about this, I didn't realize that dailies were unlimited.
We were looking at 1,500 permits in Phase 1, about 600 dailies. That's how
I thought we got to 2,000. Now it's 2,000 plus dailies. In my mind it's
much more than we were talking about back then. Just my understanding.

Council Member Kniss: Is that true by the way? That's what we're hearing
as well.

Council Member DuBois: Was what true? Which part of that?

Council Member Kniss: That there's unlimited number of dailies.

Council Member DuBois:      I think Eric asked that question.   That's correct,
right?

Ms. Gitelman: Right, yes.

Council Member DuBois: In my mind, it's easy to see where this idea of
maybe we should go to designated spots rather than permits came from,
because now we have no idea if this percentage of parking—I think if you
had decals and we learned data in Phase 1 that 50 percent of them show up
every day, you'd least have some kind of model. Now it feels like we're
getting away from a model. I just understand where that idea came from
and why Nielson brought it up all of a sudden. Even after reading all this
stuff, I have to admit I'm still confused about how does free parking, how
                                                                       Page 104 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
