                          TRANSCRIPT
is exacerbated. I'm not sure that we're having a successful TDM program
without RPP. I think that just indicates further that we need it. I wonder
actually because we've seen in the Downtown how the impacts just spread
and spread. Are we headed to a Citywide RPP? There's some talk about
that. I don't have the answer to that, but I do wonder. It's the whack-a-
mole kind of predicament that we find ourselves in. A couple of questions
that I would have that I've posed to Staff previously. Can we prioritize,
going back to the memo, smaller employers having access to permits both
within the district and without district over larger employers? Can we do
that? The purpose of that would be to support the retailers and personal
service, because they tend to be smaller employers. Can the retailers and
personal services businesses share parking permits? Some would say that
doesn't help, but I would say that it does. It means that an employer who
pays for parking permits that employees buy, it's less cost to the employer.
It doesn't take up more parking spaces, because you have somebody that's
using a permit space on Monday and somebody else using a different permit
in the other space on Tuesday. It doesn't create more demand. It is a help.
It is somewhat different, the situations of Southgate and Evergreen Park.
Maybe the answer there is an RPP.           Maybe the answer there is an
engineered solution. Staff has said that would be a quicker outcome and
maybe easier to manager. I don't know how the neighborhood feels about
that. In addition to the Comprehensive Plan and all the things that David
Schrom brought up about the Comprehensive Plan and how it supports
neighborhoods being protected from spillover parking, I would say also that
our Council Priority of Healthy City Healthy Community also supports and
promotes that. We've heard all kinds of outcroppings of what happens when
there is so much intrusion parking into neighborhoods that aren't really good
situations that promote safe conditions. I think those are my—just one last
comment. Going back to the budget matter, we have in our budget a
number of transportation-related items. There's $2 million for parking
guidance.    There's a parking management study implementation, $1.7
million; Downtown mobility and safety improvements, $1.4 million. I could
go on for some others. Surely we could come up with another $300,000
somewhere, not necessarily, if that's what it really takes to help support
these programs.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: We have this new RPP Ordinance. We may need to
tune it. I think Council Member Scharff said we have it, let's use it. It's the
first time we've used it, so there may be some things we need to fix. We've
learned that when do we have free street parking, some people will buy
permits, and we're price discriminating parking Downtown and seeing how
far people will park for free and walk in. I'd say let's not recreate that
                                                                        Page 98 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
