                          TRANSCRIPT
burglaries, wire-tapping, video filming, cameras, provocateurs, confidential
informants, a whole range of things. I was the founder of the Los Angeles
Resistance; I worked with David Harris, former student body president of
Stanford University and Joan Baez who founded the Institute for the Study
of Nonviolence. We were totally non-violent in urging young men to refuse
induction into the army and our opposition to an immoral, illegal war. For
that, I was nearly imprisoned twice with planted evidence. I'm about to get
8,000 pages of Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) records and Los
Angeles Police Department records from a Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA) request that has taken years and years. This surveillance business is
no messing around. It ruins people. I hope each and every one of you take
this really seriously, and let's get on with this and be our best civic self.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Jerry Schwartz. Welcome.

Jerry Schwarz: Thank you. I am a Palo Alto resident and the Chair of the
Mid-Peninsula Chapter of the ACLU. The proposal before you is a practical,
pragmatic way to deal with the matter of great and increasing concern in
today's society. The current surveillance technologies are—you know what
they are sort of. You know how concerned people are about them. What's
coming in the future with artificial intelligence and all kinds of stuff nobody
has even thought of yet is even more concerning. The ACLU is not opposed
to any particular technology. Our position is that any technology must be
adopted with public review, the decision makers must have full information
about it, and they must make informed decisions. There needs to be
something like what is proposed here so that there are general procedures in
place to reach those informed decisions wisely. Finally, two more or less
personal notes. One is as a resident of Palo Alto, I am very glad that Palo
Alto is again leading the way on something that is of great public interest, at
least on the Peninsula. The other is I've heard in the previous remark and
from my friends in Oakland that Oakland—I'm sorry, not Oakland. Alameda
has the best policy with regard to stingrays. Ain't so. Santa Clara County
has the best policy which they will not acquire a stingray. We can thank Joe
Simitian for that. He fought very hard for it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can now return to the Council for discussion
and prospective motions. When we go to a motion point, I know that
Council Member Wolbach asked if he could have the floor. Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much to the members of the
public for coming to speak today. I spent far too much time reviewing
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) white papers when I was writing my law

                                                                         Page 57 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
