                         TRANSCRIPT
the last two years. I manage the parking lot of Oxford and Ash. I have six
cars every day. They come; I greet them about 8:00 in the morning;
they're from out of town. They come; they work on Cal. Avenue. I say
goodnight at about 6:30. They're there every day. Two issues I want to
bring out, though, are the kids on my street. I feel responsible as a good
steward for them. We have the Ananda School on El Camino, and they kind
of go their recess on Peers Park. You can't see them; they're little people.
With the cars parked, it's really very dangerous. They come back about
noon, so twice a day these little people—there are 30 of them in a row—are
moving along. I just want to point that out. Also, you have children on
bikes, the little kids going to Escondido School when I'm managing my little
parking lot. The last thing I want to say is I support the merchants on Cal.
Avenue. Many are small merchants. I've gone to their meetings. They
need the parking lots, but they won't use them, the employees, unless they
have to. We've got to have the permits to encourage that. I'm worried
about the security building. When that goes in behind Kinko's and they're
going to tear up behind Starbucks for their parking lot, it's just going to
exacerbate the problem. Please take action tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Keith Ferrell, to be followed by
Aileen Yang.

Keith Ferrell: Hi, how you doing. I live in Southgate. I had a whole bunch
of things written up, but so far everyone has covered most of it. It seems
pretty obvious that things need to get taken care of. Mr. Schrom, I want to
hang out with him, because his was awesome. He covered all the things
that we face in Southgate. We are a little bit different, because we are so
close to Paly. We get the occasional—my son had the privilege of riding his
bike to Jordan. There were two kids in front of our house smoking pot.
We've had kids having sex in their cars at lunch. We get a little bit of fun
stuff just to keep you guys awake. We've talked to the school. The staff
says we haven't gotten to the root of the problem, Transportation Demand
Management, blah, blah, blah. We've talked to the school. The school
administration at Paly has told us our only remedy is a Residential Permit
Parking. That's what they've said. There is going to be 2,300 students in
200 spots. Right now they only allow seniors. It's like one spot per 10 kids.
If you take the ratio of cars to students right now and extend it to 2020,
they'll need 380 spots and they'll have 215, which is a shortage of 150
spots. You want to do the biking and force kids to bike, the way to start is
with the kids. The same kids who are driving to Paly are the same kids who
used to ride their bike to Jordan or as sophomores and freshmen rode their
bikes from their bikes to Paly, and now they're driving the half mile from
Paly. We have a kid in our neighborhood who drives his car from Southgate
around to Embarcadero and parks in Embarcadero lot. Last year when they
                                                                      Page 88 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
