                          TRANSCRIPT
among many other projects, Public Art Manager Elise DeMarzo and our
Program Assistant Nadya Chuprina, terrific Staff. Public art in Palo Alto, as
we all know, has been very important to the vibrancy and engagement of
our community. These last three to five years with the leadership of Rhy
and Elise and Nadya and the Public Art Commission, I think it's fair to say
that we're seeing public art become increasingly relevant, stimulating and
inspiring. I'd just like to thank the Commission and the leadership of these
fine Staff that have gotten us to where we are today. We also look forward
to the next six months. We hope to bring a number of milestone projects to
the Council including the Junior Museum and the Parks, Trails, Open Space,
Recreation Master Plan. We're happy to kick it off in the fall session here
with the Public Art draft Master Plan. With that, I'll pass it on to Rhy.

Rhyena Halpern, Community Services Assistant Director: Thank you very
much. Rhyena Halpern with CSD. It's very nice to be here tonight. I really
appreciate this Agenda change. Just a couple of quick opening comments.
We started about two years ago with a Request for Proposal (RFP) process
looking for consultants who could lead us in the Master Plan. We were very
happy that our successful applicants were our consultants who are here.
You'll hear from just shortly Barbara Goldstein and Gail Goldman. Barbara
and Gail are both very esteemed leaders in their field. They do a lot of
Public Art Master Planning and creative place making. They're the folks
you're going to hear from tonight. I also just wanted to give my own nod of
thanks and recognition to Elise DeMarzo and Nadya Chuprina who do an
incredible job. As well, our Chair of our Commission, Jim Migdal, and our
Vice Chair, Ben Miyaji, who you'll hear from too. Ben also served as the
Chair of the Public Art Master Plan initiative. He's really been involved in it,
and he took a redeye from Boston last night to be here today. We're very
appreciative that he is here. With that, I just wanted to say on our first slide
of our presentation we had a really exceptional process that involved the
input of over 300 community members. What I love about that whole
process of community input is just people in Palo Alto love the arts. They
love community engagement. They really believe in the cultural sector and
its power to bring the community together and to have economic impact.
There's a lot of ideas in the Public Art Master Plan that are really beyond—
there's a lot of ideas that we heard through the process that are really
beyond the purview of Public Art Master Planning. They really have to do
with cultural master planning. That's something that we are starting to do in
the Arts and Science Division, and we'll come to you in a couple of years
with a Cultural Art Master Plan. Tonight we're really focusing on public art.
I just wanted to acknowledge the community input. When they heard about
public art, they're thinking very, very broadly. They're thinking about the
theatres. We have three theatres and two museums, the Artist Studio
program, a maker program and the Public Art Program. Their ideas were
                                                                          Page 62 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
