                          TRANSCRIPT
that the Board got there was the Code has a daylight plane requirement.
It's set so that it's from the most restrictive standard. The most restrictive
standard in this case would be from the RMD zone directly behind the
property. Through incorporation of that daylight plane, which you go up 15
feet and then you come over 45, the building needs to stay below that
standard. That in combination with some landscaping that is proposed are, I
think, some of the features. I'll look to Sheldon to see if there's anything
additional that helped the Board get to where they did. The setback is part
of that too. I don't know how far the setback is.

Mr. Ah Sing:      The underlying zoning actually doesn't have setbacks;
however, there is a section in the Code for performance standards that deals
with commercial properties that are adjacent to residential properties.
There's a list of different development standards dealing with landscape
buffers, additional setbacks, noise, and all those were considered as part of
this project and brought up to the Board with their evaluation.

Mayor Burt: I hear the daylight plane and the landscaping, but the wording
in the findings isn't along those lines. It's scale and character. That's what
I'm really asking, how that finding was determined.

Mr. Lait: I'm just looking here in the Packet to see. It was Finding 5, right?

Mayor Burt: Right.

Mr. Lait: The response in the determination letter indicates—I'm sort of
reading out loud as I'm looking at this. The area is comprised of various
sized buildings, various architectural styles with single, two and three-story
buildings with residential, retail, office uses. The proposed building fits
within this area with its scale, massing and architectural style. The project
is consistent with the pedestrian overlay district. The project provides
setback relief and steps its building mass down adjacent to the adjacent
Category 2 historic building and uses complementary materials. Clearly the
Council in its review may ...

Mayor Burt: That sounded like that was addressing pedestrian district, the
adjacent historic. I didn't hear anything, unless I missed it, about the RMD
behind it.

Mr. Lait: Other than—I think you're right. The way this is written you've got
Findings 2, 4, 5 and 6 sort of clumped together. This sort of speaks to
another discussion that we'll having with the Council soon about the ARB
findings and how to do that. I would say yes, if the Council's looking at the
proposed building and there's some concerns about the properties to the

                                                                         Page 30 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
