                         TRANSCRIPT
unit property.      I just want to, again, thank the Council and the
recommendation that came through from the Human Relations Commission
to support the preservation of existing senior affordable housing in the City
of Palo Alto. We are in the middle of an affordable housing crisis, so it's
really important that we preserve the assets. I think I also heard earlier
preserve water. I think that's actually one of the interesting projects that
we're taking on in this project, to focus on water conservation, energy
efficiency on this project. Again, I want to thank the Council and hope that
you move forward with the recommendation from the Human Relations
Commission. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Since this was referred to us by the Finance
Committee, I just wanted to see if Chair Filseth has any comments that he
would like to share on this.

Council Member Filseth: Sure. We felt that the issue was basically cut and
dried. It made perfect sense. This is the second year of a two-year
program. It's consistent with the parameters laid out in the program. We
felt it made sense to move forward.

Mayor Burt: Council Member comments or a Motion?

Council Member Kniss: I move the recommendation.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to:

A.   Adopt a Resolution allocating Community Development Block Grant
     (CDBG) funding as recommended in the draft 2016/2017 Action Plan
     and as described in the Staff Report; and

B.   Authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the 2016/2017
     CDBG Application and 2016/2017 Action Plan for CDBG funds, any
     other necessary documents concerning the Application, and to
     otherwise bind the City with respect to the applications and
     commitment of funds; and

C.   Direct Staff to submit the 2016/2017 Action Plan to U.S. Department
     of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) by the May 15, 2016
     deadline.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Kniss, second by Council Member
Holman. Council Member Kniss, would you like to speak to your Motion?

                                                                      Page 33 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
