                         TRANSCRIPT
opportunity by, once we get the Draft EIR, saying we want the job
limitations of, say, Option 2 or something like that, and we want the housing
growth of say Options 3 or 4 or, as I suggested earlier, maybe something
even more. I'm at a loss to understand why we need the Motion (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: In the interest of time, let me try to answer your question. If I
don't do it, then I don't. The difference then is that we are specifically
telling Staff what we want them to address in that next scenario, so that we
won't lose more time before that proceeds. They will have, at this next
meeting on the EIR, come back with having given some thought and
something moderately concrete for our discussion of what that Fifth Scenario
would look like.

Council Member Wolbach: To be clear, I'm supportive of that kind of
direction. I'll probably end up going that way. I just didn't want to throw
again another wrench into this process. I'm worried that in the interest of
trying to speed up getting the conclusion we want, we might actually delay
it. Also, there's nothing in here about direction to the CAC. A lot of the
discussion we had tonight, before we came back to this scenario stuff, but
the core discussion tonight was about our interactions with the CAC. Is
there anything that we need to do to empower the CAC to be more flexible,
to have Committee meetings that aren't Brown Acted, to have subcommittee
meetings ...

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, just a second, just a second.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm working ...

Mayor Burt: I'm controlling the meeting now.

Council Member Wolbach: I wasn't ...

Mayor Burt: What we're looking for is comments specifically on this Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm considering an Amendment to the Motion.
That's why I'm asking a question of Staff, that might lead me to offer an
Amendment, hopefully friendly, to the Motion.

Mayor Burt: At this hour, we need to not be too round-about.

Council Member Wolbach: In order for members of the CAC—if they decide
and the Chairs decide it's a good idea to meet in small groups, do they
always have to have Staff present? Do they always have to be Brown Acted
in their meetings? Do they always have to be publicly noticed and staffed?


                                                                          Page 102 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
