                          TRANSCRIPT
of housing growth during good times and bad. The job growth is the ABAG
2013. That's not business as usual; that's a very aggressive expansionary
period. Why isn't there something in here of that same long-term history,
26 years, of job growth that has both recessions and growth periods?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. That's a really good question. We have not
historically in Palo Alto had a good, local measure or projection of job growth
the same as we have of housing. We were forced to rely in the EIR on ABAG
projections 2013. As the Council may be aware, ABAG adjusts these
projections frequently.      In fact, I'm expecting this week their latest
adjustment to their projections. We're forced, when we start these EIRs
which are multiyear endeavors, to just take the ones that we have at the
moment when we start and use them for what they are. They're not
accurate because they're just a crystal ball.

Council Member Schmid: It might be helpful not to call it business as usual.
It does have a point of view, which is fairly aggressive.

Ms. Gitelman: I would agree with you it's aggressive, but it's what the
regional agencies, ABAG and Metropolitan Transportation Commission
(MTC), believe will happen in terms of job growth based on our existing
zoning and general plan. That's why it fits within this business as usual
context. I wish we had a better local projection of jobs; we just don't.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I think we have some lights on just to draw
attention. I wanted to go to Table Number 5, the sustainability measures,
which could also be described in some ways as mostly impact mitigation
measures. I wanted to understand which of these are measures that we
could actually, legally legislate and which ones would require significant
funding to be able to achieve. Have we looked at this? When I look at it, a
number of them, like the ability to require paid transit passes for employees
in workplaces over 50 employees, do we have that within our legislative
authority?

Ms. Gitelman: That's already a legal requirement which is why it's in all of
the scenarios including business as usual. The only one on this list that ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Are you referring to new projects only?

Ms. Gitelman: No. Existing employers with over 50 employees are required
to have some kind of—maybe this isn't phrasing it as well as it should—pre-
tax provisions of transit subsidies for employees.

Mayor Burt: Not what this describes, I don't believe.

                                                                         Page 33 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
