                            TRANSCRIPT
Priorities, but it certainly is consistent with what we have laid out as
Priorities. That's why they're in the Citizen Survey and actually do pretty
well define what Built Environment is. I'm comfortable with the substitute
motion.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kniss, you actually seconded the
substitute motion. If you'd withdraw your second, I'd be more than happy
to define mobility for you. [video malfunction]

Mayor Burt: Let's not do the horse trading right now. We can put on the
table that if we return to the primary motion, we'll have additional discussion
on that. Council Member Filseth. Now the final, and that's it.

Council Member Filseth: As I think about it, here is maybe my biggest
concern about breaking mobility out as a separate item. My sense is that a
lot of what we need to do is kind of basic block-and-tackle stuff as opposed
to sort of the intergalactic stuff. Just take this as an example. I mean, what
comes up in the Citizen Survey is that everybody thinks traffic has gotten a
lot worse in the last five years. Yet, we keep doing these Environmental
Impact Reports that say no traffic impact, no traffic impact, no traffic
impact. I think we ought to go back and revisit how we do traffic impact
analysis. That's sort of a block-and-tackle basic kind of thing. My worry
would be as we go down the mobility path, are we going to spend all our
time focusing on self-driving cars and stuff like that as opposed to going and
doing the block-and-tackle stuff associated with land use. That would be
probably my biggest concern about breaking it out separately. I hope that
whatever we do we're going to capture that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED:            Council Member Schmid moved,
seconded by Council Member Kniss to adopt the following Priorities for 2016:

A.    The Built Environment: Housing, Parking, Livability, Mobility, with a
      particular emphasis on Mobility; and

B.    Infrastructure; and

C.    Healthy City, Healthy Community; and

D.    Completion of the Comprehensive Plan 2015-2030 Update with
      increased focus from Council.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the amendment. We don't have lights, so it'll be
a vote of hands. All in favor of the amendment. That passes on a 5-4 vote

                                                                         Page 49 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
