                          TRANSCRIPT
any time you have questions please. That's the current picture. If you look
at the macro numbers, it's about $2 per mile all-in today for transportation.
A dollar directly out of our pocket in the form of fuel, insurance, car
payments, parking, garaging, etc. The other dollar is indirectly out of our
pocket as taxpayers to pay for roads and road maintenance and policing and
things like that. It's very, very expensive. Keep that number in mind, $2
per mile all-in, because I'm going to show you how, with the technology
that's already being developed here in the Valley, at the end of this session
we can get down to less than 10 cents per mile all-in. Come back to our
choices. Again, I'm focused on transportation now. If you have to think
about how we can innovate here, it really is different by distance. At the
shortest radius, we're talking about the Downtown areas, the centers of
commerce in the City. There the issues are how do we achieve density.
Since we want a certain amount of space to be comfortable, we're really
mainly talking about going up or down in height. How do we get walkability?
That's the quality of life we all love in Palo Alto. You can actually walk here,
and we have great walkability scores, but how can we build on that. Some
parts of Palo Alto are not so great to walk, so we can add to that. Lastly,
what do we do with cars? Most of our cities are still designed around the
car. It's optimized for the car to get around, not for the person to get
around. There's some real trade-offs there about how do we charge for
parking, how do we design it, who gets to park when, where. That's the
innermost ring particularly for the really busy commercial districts. In the
mid-range, there's a lot of innovation. I'm going to share some data with
you on a pilot we did at Stanford for mid-range commuting. Mid-range, I
mean beyond what you can normally walk, 2 miles or more, but less than a
distance where you have to get into a car or take a train. With a normal
bicycle, that's about 5 miles. With an electric scooter or an electric bike, you
can take that out to about 10 miles. That's one option, our bike network.
Second option is this new idea of mobility as a service, a shared taxi fleet
either driven by people or ultimately driven autonomously. Of course, at the
third scale at the regional level, not necessarily directly under our control as
a City, how do we integrate and coordinate to have a regional system that
really get us from here to San Francisco or here to San Jose in a reasonable
way without spending an hour and a half as I just did coming up from the
south bay. A key part there is zoning. Our zoning practices today are
actually quite destructive to each other. We sort of keep trying to shove the
bad stuff off onto the other cities and really playing a game of mutually
assured destruction at a kind of micro-level, causing more traffic by saying
we don't want this particular land use, somebody else can deal with that. Of
course, that generates trips. I'm going to dive deeper in on this. You all
have seen some version of this, which is that density helps. I'm not talking
building skyscrapers like New York or the City Hall tower here. I'm just
talking about a little bit of extra underground or above-ground height.
                                                                         Page 19 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
