                          TRANSCRIPT
Sandra Slater: Thank you, Mayor and Council Members, for allowing me the
opportunity to address you this evening about the most important issue of
our time. This is your moment to decide if we're going to be bold and lead
the City to a low-carbon future. The latest meeting in Paris was clear. The
consensus was that cities and citizens need to act quickly and boldly to
combat climate change. We've run out of time to debate. Every day the
news is even more dire. It's time to act, and it's what the science tells us
we must do. We don't have to be all doom and gloom. You have before you
this evening a goal and an opportunity to change the course of the City's
history, to be bold and to declare that Palo Alto will again lead and reduce
our carbon footprint 80 percent from 1990 levels by 2030. This is a big task
to be sure, but there were many on the S/CAP Advisory Committee, if not a
majority, that were calling for an even bolder and audacious goal of 100
percent by 2025. Stu Bernstein, Tony Ciba [phonetic] and others on the
Advisory Committee told us repeatedly that with good policy this can be
done, both financially and technologically, but we need you to lead. There's
some skeptics who say there's no way we can implement these policies. We
heard that before, as Yoriko said, about 10 years ago when the last plan
came before Council. It passed, and the goal was met years before anyone
could have imagined. Just a few years ago, far-reaching green Building
Codes were considered a death knell for the building industry and ubiquitous
electric cars were a figment of the Jetsons' imagination. Even if we don't
succeed, the reach will be worth the lessons we learn, and we can continue
to push the envelope. Don't be afraid of falling short. The biggest failure
would be to adopt safer goals. I invite you to imagine a Palo Alto where we
get to our jobs, schools and social activities in clean, quiet electric vehicles
or cycling on safe, dedicated bike lanes. Imagine our energy needs being
met with clean and renewable sources that power our cars, heat our homes
and cook our food. Imagine our streets no longer congested with the traffic
that we deal with daily, but used for riding various forms of public and
private transit. Imagine we're connected with our neighbors to help each
other in times of need. Imagine that we are resilient, and the shocks that
we know are coming with climate change coming our way. This is the future
we envision for these Boy Scouts here today, this youth, for our children and
our grandchildren. There are many citizens in these chambers tonight who
share this vision and want you to take bold action, an 80-percent reduction
in our greenhouse gases by 2030. I invite all citizens who want to act boldly
to please now stand and show your support of this goal. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Our next speaker is Nicholas Shafer—Slater,
excuse me.

Nicholas Shafer: Shafer, you're right.

                                                                          Page 33 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
