                         TRANSCRIPT
Park, to partner with the Chamber of Commerce and others. We've found
that it really does take a village to solve these problems. Bringing this
solution together across the entire area, we think, will make a big impact.
We know that not everyone will choose to carpool. It is one piece in a
mosaic and what it means to actually get people back and forth to work
sustainably. We're excited to do our part and help with some of the
congestion issues around Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Nisha Gabbi, to be followed by
Russ Cohen.

Nisha Gabbi: Good evening. My name is Nisha Gabbi, and I'm here
representing Susan Nightingale. She's the owner of Watercourse Way Spa in
Palo Alto. Susan was on both the RPP and steering committee for the TMA.
As an employer Downtown, Watercourse Way's ability to recruit and train
talented employees depends more and more on the employees' ability to get
to work efficiently. Susan is excited that the TMA is launching some pilots
with initiatives that will make these new ways of getting to work more
attractive for some of her employees to try. Susan encourages the TMA to
stay flexible and listen to the input of employees as they try out new ways of
getting to work. Watercourse Way wants to be a collaborative partner with
the TMA, refining programs as needed so they will really work and make a
difference. Watercourse Way is one of many employers who can see the
importance of careful, thorough consideration and permanent funding
streams for the TMA so that it can be effective and have the stability
necessary to provide solid programs and subsidies. Thank you for your
time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Russ Cohen to be followed by Susan Graf.

Russ Cohen: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, members of the Council. Russ Cohen,
Executive Director of the Downtown Association. Many of my comments
tonight are probably more appropriate for Item 13, but I don't think I can
get an emergency ride home at maybe 11:00 or 12:00 tonight. I'm going to
make my comments now. Let me try to reframe the way you look at TMA
and what perhaps your role in the TMA is. I'm going to use some language
that's very familiar to those of us who work here in the Silicon Valley. The
TMA until recently was not dark; it was in stealth mode. They were deciding
on their mission, and they were organizing themselves with the help of the
steering committee and developing a roadmap with the help of the steering
committee. Today, they are in startup mode. They are securing investors.
They're looking for seed money, and they're launching programs. You play
the role of the VC, the venture capitalist. In fact, you're the angel investor.
You understand that by being an investor, you recognize the potential return

                                                                         Page 66 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
