                          TRANSCRIPT
Embarcadero shuttle. It's hard for me to speculate. I don't really have hard
data on that.

Council Member Filseth: I was just curious that both of them seem to be
sort of tapering off here at 45 percent or so. I'm wondering if there's any
specific ...

Ms. Star-Lack: We've seen that pattern before at other schools. The reason
I responded the way I did is that usually it was actually a result of not
enough bike parking. Students didn't feel like there was space for them. It
was full; it was too crowded. We've been trying to work with our schools to
increase their numbers of bike parking. Similar to if you provide free
parking for cars, if you provide bike parking for bikes, students see that, and
they know it's faster than driving, so they come that way.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Yeah, it's an awesome program. Whenever
you talk to other cities or stuff, they're always amazed at the participation
rate we have. The question I had was do you think we've sort of peaked at
that 45 percent. I mean, how high do you think we could actually get?

Ms. Star-Lack: I don't think we've peaked. I can't benchmark us against
other communities, because ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Because we do better than everyone else.

Ms. Star-Lack: Pretty much. I think we can go—I've spoken to some
students, and they say, "My parents won't let me go." They don't have any
good reason. I think there's still some culture change that needs to occur,
some more education. I think the work that we're doing on the engineering
front will be really important for allowing those additional families to let their
students bike or walk.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When you look at—it's elementary school. I just
wanted to take a quick look at that for a second. It's 14 percent of
elementary (inaudible) bike to school, but we're okay if people walk. Do we
know what the combined—did I see that somewhere? Walking and biking
numbers.

Ms. Star-Lack: Our numbers are a little—thank you. Combined walking and
biking is on the other slide. Here, let me pull this up. This 39 percent is
combined walking and biking for the elementary school level. We don't have

                                                                          Page 10 of 135
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/2/16
