                          TRANSCRIPT
the past where we've allowed lifts, parking lifts. If the Council were
interested and, in the course of the conversation with the applicant, if it was
decided that there was an interest in more retail on the ground floor, that
net parking difference could be made up for by including lift parking in the
subterranean garage. That would not have a material effect on the exterior
of the building and presumably could be a condition of approval.

Council Member Wolbach: As far as parking for housing goes, something
that we've been talking more and more about is the possibility in transit
areas of decoupling parking especially from smaller units of housing, but in
exchange telling people in the property, "You wouldn't be eligible for an on-
street parking permit." We've gotten RPP across the street in Ventura.
Sorry. We don't have RPP yet in Ventura, but I think it's something that
might happen at some point. We have RPP in College Terrace. Looks like
we'll be having RPP in the neighborhoods to the north. Is that something
that was considered or has been discussed at all for this property?

Mr. Lait: No, it was not considered and not discussed for the project. We
don't have the regulatory tools in place to accommodate that.

Council Member Wolbach: Those are my questions for now. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a follow-up to a couple things already
discussed. The household limit is based on the CN. There's a CC(2) piece
that is unused for buildings but would allow an expansion in the FAR for
housing. Is that right?

Mr. Lait:    I believe the CC(2) zoning allows for greater development
potential, including housing.

Council Member Schmid: With an interest in housing, that is an option. As
you point out, that's an option that has not been explored to date.

Mr. Lait: We evaluated the project that was presented, and that was one
that was based on development of the CN zone only.

Council Member Schmid: It's been mentioned that in the ARB the facade
along El Camino was brought up as a big issue. Again, you said there was
no comeback from the applicant as yet. It would seem as if you build out
more housing on the CC(2) area, one, you could build more housing square
foot, and you could probably do something interesting with that El Camino
facade. Is that a correct interpretation?


                                                                        Page 25 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
