                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Our understanding on that would be that what we would be
looking at would be restricted to this concept of the terms that we have in
the agreement before us and just ensuring that we're protecting the City's
interests.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's correct.

Mr. Keene: We're not going to take on a bunch of other issues that need to
be subsequent modifications to the overall agreement.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Correct.

Mayor Burt: Is it correct that we want to make sure that the base
agreement is fully consistent with (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mr. Keene: I was assuming that that was inherent in the comment.

Mayor Burt: Do we have other comments on the Motion?

Male: I second it.

Council Member DuBois: I seconded it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois seconded it.

Council Member DuBois: Just one last point which echoes what Vice Mayor
Scharff said earlier. I don't know if we have clarity that under 8.3, it doesn't
mention additional uses of water like purified water. Again, this contract
goes to 2060. It just seemed odd that it didn't talk about purified water at
all. I think it's a question of does it need to be in there.

Ms. Stump: I think partly the City Manager was getting at that issue, that
that's certainly an idea. There's a proposal that's coming before you to fund
a Feasibility Study. It's very early in the planning stages. I think what we
would look to do there would be perhaps discuss with Mountain View putting
in a sentence that says nothing in this agreement shall restrict future
planning on duh, duh, duh, duh. We'll handle it in a way where we will not
be trying—we can't answer those questions in the context of bringing
forward this limited term extension.

Mayor Burt: I think the concern is to make sure that this doesn't restrict
those options in a some legal way that we haven't identified well enough.



                                                                         Page 79 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
