                          TRANSCRIPT
many of the highlights of my professional career. Tonight however, I would
like to highlight one particular activities and draw your attention to it. That
was last year's Palo Alto Day of Remembrance held to honor the sacrifice
made by hundreds of Palo Alto residents of Japanese-American descent
incarcerated during World War II. In partnership with Mike Kaku [phonetic]
of the Japanese-American Citizens League, this even came as the
culmination of a series of activities to commemorate the 70th anniversary of
the closing of those American concentration camps. In the course of
preparing those events, I worked with students from various local high
schools, including Paly, Gunn, Foothill Middle College Program and more, to
educate them about this sad chapter in American history and to encourage
inter-generational dialog on the topic of social justice. Hopefully my efforts
alongside the dedicated core of teaching artists prompted at least a few of
them to think more critically about the world in which we live and about the
parameters of responsible government. For your reference, I've included a
handout that explains a little bit more about the Big Read Program.
Different cities tend to honor a Day of Remembrance at different times in the
calendar year. I'd like to draw your attention to two dates which are fast
approaching. Saturday, January 30th, the State of California will observe
the Fred Korematsu Day of Civil Liberties and the Constitution. On Friday,
February 19th, many cities will observe a Day of Remembrance that
coincides with the signing of Executive Order 9066 which established the
incarceration camps.       I respectfully implore you to find a way to
acknowledge this painful part of our history, to remember and honor the
sacrifice made by those families and to resolve again that we, as citizens of
this great democracy, will never resort to such fascistic behavior. As a
government of the people it is incumbent on we the people to do the State's
remembering. Recently I have decided to make a career change, and so
I've concluded by my service as an employee of this fine City. My deep
thanks goes out to all the participants at the Children's Theatre with whom
I've worked so closely for the past five years, to all of my former colleagues
without whose help I would never have been remotely as successful, but
most of all to the good people of Palo Alto. It is you who deserve the real
credit for continuing to make the arts and arts education a priority in your
community.      Bravo to you.      I look forward to serving this town and
surrounding communities in new ways for as long as I may. Thank you very
much for your time tonight.

Mayor Burt: Lane, thank you very much for your service. I certainly know
my children have valued it. Our next speaker is Rita Vrhel to be followed by
Sea Reddy. We will not be accepting more speaker cards after—the last one
is Bob Moss.


                                                                         Page 12 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
