                          TRANSCRIPT
this. The gross square foot thing is the thing that I’m aware of, where right
now we have this exclusion or exemption for existing square footage that's
converted to gross square footage, which would no longer be available to
applicants. Do you want to add?

Ms. Silver: Yeah. Generally this comes up when somebody applies for a
tenant improvement. That's when we start looking at use and occupancy
permits and that type of thing. That's where it's typically tracked, I think, at
the Development Center.

Council Member DuBois: Is it in the ordinance? Is it then due immediately?

Ms. Silver: It's due upon building permit.

Council Member DuBois: I kind of jumped in here, but at some point I'd like
to hear from the Finance Committee, some of their discussion. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I'd be glad to break from the questions at this time if the
Finance Committee has any additional comments beyond the Staff Report.
Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just real briefly. Obviously the challenge of
affordable housing is how to pay for it. In general, it's hard to get purely
market-based solutions because other kinds of developments tend to have a
lot better economics. There are impacts on affordable housing demand,
both from commercial development and from market-rate housing
development. The nexus study is an attempt to quantify that. We saw that
operationally simplifying the process was a big win, particularly given there's
facility to update the rates. Our goal was to get as much funding as possible
for affordable housing out of this process. The nexus study comes up with a
couple of different kinds of numbers, but the maximum justifiable number is
their attempt to calculate the actual impact on demand for affordable
housing. All the numbers we were talking about were substantially below
the justifiable numbers. We thought that it was appropriate to focus on the
maximum amount you could get for affordable housing. The tradeoff is if
the fees are too low, then you're leaving funding on the table, which you
could otherwise use. In principal, if the fees are too high, then you
discourage the market-rate development that funds the affordable
development. You're trying to find the optimal point. In Finance, we
discussed this a little bit too, as did the PTC. I think we generally felt that at
the level of fees involved, we didn't see a huge disincentive to development,
clearly not for commercial, even for market rate. I mean market-rate
housing is so high in Palo Alto. A one-bedroom condo sells for almost $1
million. A difference of $10,000 or $20,000 on the fees we didn't think was
going to be a huge impact. On three specific things. On the single-family
                                                                            Page 43 of 114
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 12/12/16
