                         TRANSCRIPT
getting down that Embarcadero corridor from the late afternoon into the
early evening. What we had proposed as an alternative and when we ran
the modeling through here, it actually showed some benefit, as I said, into
Station 1's zone Downtown. They would move back there during the
evening when the traffic patterns have gotten better. Now, we have the
distribution of our resources into the neighborhoods.

Council Member Schmid: I certainly would like to see a serious look at the
traffic, count, Level of Service (LOS), future estimates. That would be key
to look at. It seems to me that the evening hours should be extended, so
maybe the apparatus does not go across the freeway until 8:00 P.M. in the
evening and is back in town before 6:00 A.M. I think that would make much
more sense for avoiding our extended commute hours. I guess that's the
serious qualification I would have about Geng Road.

Mr. Nickel: To keep in mind too, with our current Mutual Aid Agreement
with Menlo Park Fire District and with the enhanced Auto Aid Agreement, we
will have a company that can access it from that area as well as our Station
4.

Mayor Burt: Just reminding colleagues that this is our period for questions
rather than comments. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Chief, you had a terrific indication tonight of how
well you are integrated and how well that works. Continuously, you have
mentioned that time matters. It's of the essence. It's hard to think we
could be discussing anything other than that which is the closest and
responds the fastest. I'm certainly sympathetic with tennis players. I'm far
more concerned about someone who has had a heart attack, has a fire
starting in their house, whatever that might be. I would think for a short
period of time, that saving lives might be more important. I'll probably
never hear the end of it than playing tennis. That was a comment. I tried
to make it a rhetorical question.

Mayor Burt: Rhetorical wouldn't have counted either. Let me take some of
those comments and turn them back into a genuine question. Can you go
into more depth as to the reasons for not selecting the Rinconada tennis
court site?

Mr. Nickel: I can tell you my thought process. I'll let my colleagues in
Public Works and Community Services weigh in. We're trying to get the
station built as quickly as possible. The station is woefully inadequate. As
Assistant City Manager Shikada talked about today, it's the anniversary of
the Loma Prieta earthquake. That station scares me. The faster that we can
get that station down to the ground and built, the better off we're going to
                                                                     Page 35 of 111
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/17/16
