                          TRANSCRIPT
width tracks. Two hundred sixty-five people have been slaughtered on these
tracks since 1995; 75 have been killed since I've been coming to you for the
last 5 years, and six this year. Like clockwork, turning a calendar, one a
month at least on this track. Admittedly, many of them are suicides, but it's
very easy to do. It's unfortunate how many have been Palo Altans, even if
they have to go to Mountain View to kill themselves. I think the comments
from Palo Alto are not unreasonable. I hope you will consider them and
Mr. Borock's input. I do want to comment that the Federal and State safety
people have not discussed blended solution. It's a political solution with
political bodies, not Federal and State safety. It is not unlikely that the
safety people will come back and say, at the State or Federal level, you can't
have four train different speeds between 50 and 110 miles an hour on the
same single track where you're doing a two-track, even with positive train
control. I would ask you please to consider again Bay Area Rapid Transit
(BART). At least reaching out because it's going to take 15, 20 years and
over 200 people will die. Less die with BART, but there are still some
suicides. I want to remind you of something Joe Simitian seems to overlook.
In 2008, the people of Palo Alto gave a two-thirds vote for BART to San Jose
using operation and maintenance. That's what that was about in 2008. It
was two-thirds.      That's been ignored by the City Council and others.
However, luckily in November we had Redwood City voters vote out of office
Mrs. Jim Hartnett, whose husband is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the
Caltrain High Speed Rail and, until last year, was on the High Speed Rail
Board. Maybe that's one way to approach knocking out High Speed Rail in
addition to the future ballot measure. On the November ballot measure
proposed by the Leadership Group and VTA, it's important to note that $1
billion of that is for Caltrain, really High Speed Rail, the grade separations
and the electrification. All that's for High Speed Rail. Hopefully the public
will be aware of that and kill it. That's unfortunate to say that. If we do get
grade separations, I would encourage this Council to consider making the
grade separations wide enough to handle BART in the future when the
people realize what's going on or decide to support BART over Caltrain and
allowing for two tracks and a single track for the freighter. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Schmid, did you have a question?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah. The Motion, I think the City Manager
requested to substitute an at-places "10" for "10" in the packet. Is that
included in the Motion?

Council Member Kniss: Of course.

Council Member Holman: Agreed.


                                                                           Page 10 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
