                         TRANSCRIPT
Dan Garber: I'm Dan Garber. I'm the Co-Chair of the Citizen Advisory
Committee (CAC). These comments are both mine and my Co-Chair, Arthur
Keller's. Most of these comments were made at the Retreat, and I will
remind you of them. They're all to do really with the schedule of the
Committee. I had asked if it was the Council's intent to have the CAC follow
or precede the Council's discussion about L-8. Perhaps the conversation this
evening may actually make that question moot. As well as the updates to
the schedule that were presented. I have not actually taken a look at that to
see if they've changed since the Retreat. There is at least one Council
Member that was interested in better coordinating discussions between the
City Council and the CAC to try and find ways to have potentially outside
speakers come in to allow us to focus debate and discussion in the CAC,
which I continue to think is a very good idea. A reminder that we did take a
straw poll, and there is interest on the CAC to have a joint meeting
regarding housing. Finally, a new topic. Because of the limited amount of
time that we've had, the sustainability subcommittee is out of sync with the
subcommittee of the transportation committee. At some point, they need to
be synced up, but we don't have a way of doing that within the existing
schedule. If there's opportunities or ways that the Council would like that to
be address, that would be of great interest to us as well. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Justine Burt to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.
Welcome.

Justine Burt: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council Members. I'm
here to ask you to prioritize housing for moderate income families, to allow
more densification within one mile of the train stations and along El Camino.
You can do this within a 50-foot height limit. I suggest you look to Paris for
an example of how this has been well done and why it should be done. They
have two to five-story multifamily housing buildings. The metro trains and
buses run every few minutes. Perhaps you all should take a research trip
there. It might be a tax write-off. You can be reminded of what we should
be aspiring to here in Palo Alto. It's a very healthy lifestyle. Whenever I'm
there, I don't rent a car. I just take the metro and buses around. I eat
baguettes and cheese and lemon tarts every day for 10 days straight days,
and I still lose weight. It's a great lifestyle, and I encourage you to look
beyond the resistant there is in Palo Alto to densification to a model for how
it could be done. Help people get out of their cars by changing zoning, so
people who work here can afford to live here as well. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Stephanie Munoz to be followed by David Coale.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, City Council. I don't think anybody is
opposing the idea that we need more housing in proportion to the jobs.

                                                                        Page 38 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
