                          TRANSCRIPT
the community petitions. Hard copies are on the right; the online copies are
on the left. When we presented it to you two or three weeks ago, at that
time we had about 1,685 signatures of people who are supporting our vision
to keep the shelter with the City. As of today, I have more hard copy
petitions, and most of these signature are residents or business owners or
both in the City of Palo Alto as well as Los Altos and Los Altos Hills, also
neighboring communities that use services at the City as well as cities in
other states, this state and across the country. A majority of the ones
you're going to get today as well as the ones you've already received are
Palo Alto residents. The community is basically telling you we don't want
you to do this. We are here trying to be the voice for all in the community.
I'd like to pass out—it's only four pages. If you would please add it to your
packet, then you can actually visibly see all the signatures that volunteers
and staff and dedicated people have spent time to provide for you. In the
time that I have left, I want to make note to all of you that also in the
packet is a two-page fact sheet. These are facts that basically give you
documentation and validate many of the points that speakers brought up to
you 3 weeks ago as well as this evening. Also in the packet is statistical
information that was compiled by Animal Shelter Staff. Please we are asking
you to review it and please work with us to help keep the shelter with the
City. We have donor ideas, funding ideas. We're willing as a community to
work with you all. Please let us know that you will. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Teddy Daliggo to be followed by John Karl
Fredrich.

Teddy Daliggo, Santa Clara County Health Department: Good evening,
Honorable Mayor and Council Members. My name is Teddy Daliggo, and I'm
from the Santa Clara County Public Health Department. I'm here to invite
each of you to join us at our Healthy Cities conference that's occurring next
week, Friday, November 18th, at the Tech Museum in downtown San Jose.
The purpose of this conference is to share policy and strategy ideas that
cities can adopt to promote and support the health of their employees,
residents and visitors.    At the conference, a Healthy Cities campaign
dashboard for your specific city, the City of Palo Alto, will be shared. I want
to thank Ed Shikada, Kristen O'Kane, Rob de Geus, Chris Corrao and the rest
of the City Manager's team for their assistance in vetting the dashboard.
Based on the dashboard findings, awards will be presented at the conference
to acknowledge the amazing work of cities including Palo Alto. In closing, I
will leave conference agenda and the registration information. Thank you
for your time, and I hope we'll see you there. Thanks.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    John Karl Fredrich to be followed by Kip Husty.
Welcome.
                                                                           Page 6 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
