                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: We're moving unusually fast tonight. Let me make a
couple of comments just as well.          This has been an extraordinarily
complicated kind of issue. I know many of you—I probably think I've had an
email from everybody here. I'd be willing to bet. If you think you sent me
an email, put up your hand. We were delighted to hear from you. I would
echo a couple of things. There are a couple of exceptions here. I think it's
important to note that, because this will happen again. We will have other
kinds of development and developments that come to us. People will say,
"We've worked this out with the developer. It's going to work well in our
neighborhood."     I want us to remember that.       You all have worked
extraordinarily well together. You've been working on this now for a couple
of years. I think you have something that is really going to be very
desirable in your neighborhood. That, of course, is what—that's what this is
all about. Most of what your City Council does is land use. Most of the
reason that you come to talk to us for some reason, almost always is land
use. Land use almost always involves somebody's money. Not always
yours, not always mine, but it's going to involve somebody's money. Land
use and land use decisions and zoning are kind of what makes the City world
go around. I'm delighted it finally has worked out. I do want to mention
that I hope the affordable housing does come to fruition, that we add that
into our fund. While we haven't added much affordable housing lately, I
hope that's a direction we'll go in, particularly with this kind of in-lieu
amount that's going to come to us as a result of the vote that I anticipate
we're going to be taking very shortly tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: When a previous project was proposed on this
site, opposition was broad across Palo Alto and was based on a number of
different concerns.    Different people opposed the previous project for
different reasons, sometimes mutually exclusive reasons. For those who live
in the neighborhood and had, I think, some legitimate concerns about the
aesthetics and about safety related to the previous project, I fully respect
that and acknowledge that. I was in favor of the prior project, but I
understood there were pros and cons. It was a tough call; it was never a
perfect project. I don't think this is a perfect project either. I do find it
interesting, though, that I remember speaking to a significant number of
people about the prior project who said to me, "Look, I'm not opposed to
affordable housing. My problem is the single-family homes on the site." I'm
just surprised that we haven't heard those people come forward and say,
"Where's the affordable housing?" What we're left now with is just the
single-family, market rate homes and none of the affordable housing that
was previously proposed.       For those people who wanted an entirely
affordable project previously and said that their only concern was the single-
                                                                          Page 8 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
