                          TRANSCRIPT
towards supporting a $50,000 Reserve—sorry, a $50,000 emerging needs
fund for HSRAP. I'm open to whether we do that as an additional funding on
top of the HSRAP Reserve or as a repurposing. I would lean towards making
it additional. My feelings about that shifted; I was more supportive after
attending the HRC meeting last week, where there was some discussion of
this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I know I read earlier when I was
prepping for this and reviewing our Finance Committee work. What is the
number for—it's two questions. The number proposed for next year, which
would be direction for Staff in preparing next year's budget. What is the
number that we would need to go up to, to bring HSRAP funding up the 2
1/2 percent per year? While you're looking for that—apologies, I can't at the
moment find it. The reason I proposed that was because in 2017 budget
proposed we are at 2002 level HSRAP funding. That's where we are. We
are 14 years behind in any kind of increase in our HSRAP funding and any
kind of increase. I don't know if the full Council got this or not; there's a
chart that I can share, and maybe Staff has it and they can share. It shows
what our funding has been. We're at 2002 levels.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Can you clarify, was that part of our at-places?

Council Member Holman: It was provided to the Committee, and I don't
know that it was provided to the full Council. If Council's interested, I'm
sure Staff can make a—Clerk's Office could make copies of this cover sheet.
That would be direction for next year. As far as providing an additional
$50,000 this year, the original purpose of the—I think, Mayor Burt, you may
have actually proposed it. The $50,000 that is there now in reserve is a
rainy day fund. It was specifically referred to as a rainy day fund. When
there are budgeting issues and shortfalls, there is a bit of a pad. I would
absolutely support putting another $50,000 into HSRAP funding that would
be an additional $50,000 for emerging needs, so we don't touch the rainy
day fund. There was one that I don't recall. It's on Packet Page 127. I
don't recall a reduction in the Art in Public Places. That's $579,000, basically
$580,000, down to $423,500. I just don't recall that reduction. Maybe Staff
can comment on that. Staff, feel free to stop me when you get answers to
something, and we can go on from that. Tree trimming services, when ...

Mr. Keene: Karen, any sense how many of these you have? I'm just trying
to think about what our cycle time is going to need to be here.

Council Member Holman: Maybe just four or five. I don't have a litany of
them. The tree trimming cycle, the proposed was a 15-year, and the
                                                                             Page 28 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
