                          TRANSCRIPT
at Policy and Services. They might have been planning to come to speak to
it tonight, or even more people might have been coming to speak to it
tonight. We're now at the last minute moving that item up an hour and a
half, which might mean that they'll miss their opportunity to speak to the
item they care about. As much as I would love to do my colleagues a favor,
I'm going to vote against this, because I am concerned that there might be
people that want to come speak. This is just not enough notice to them to
have the opportunity to come speak.

Council Member Kniss: I hope there's a roomful.

Council Member Berman: Now, that I've said that, I hope there's a roomful
also because I'll feel very guilty if there isn't. Maybe we can just get
through Item Number 9 really quickly and this won't be a big issue.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: One thing the Mayor could do is have two times
for inputs on Item 9, at the beginning and maybe halfway through the
discussion. It would allow people who came late to participate. Also I guess
I want to clarify is the Motion also to move 8 after 11. With three recusals,
it might be good to make sure that the three Council Members are here
during 11.

Council Member Kniss: I think it's up to the Mayor as to how he wants to ...

Mayor Burt: Eight after 11.

Council Member Kniss: ... do them.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Eight would still occur at its designated time.

Council Member Berman: I think he meant 9.

Mayor Burt: Nine after 11, is that what you meant?

Council Member Schmid: Yes. Before we lose the three Council Members,
they could vote on 11.

Mayor Burt: Eleven. That's why I clarified Council Member Kniss' Motion to
say 9 would be the last item. I'll just say that I actually concur with Council
Member Berman and would add that we would have—if we move 9 out, we
have people who are also potentially coming for 9 at 7:45 P.M. or
thereabouts. I think most importantly is that we could have significant
                                                                         Page 4 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
