                    ACTION MINUTES
Council Member Scharff announced that at the same meeting, he was
recognized with the Healthy Cities Champion Award.      He reported his
gratitude to Council Member Holman for her efforts championing the City’s
Health City, Healthy Community efforts.

Council Member Holman reported her regrets for not being able to attend
the meeting.

Council Member Kniss shared her appreciation for the City’s recognition by
the Health Department.

Vice Mayor Scharff reported the Champion Award recognizes his efforts with
the Cities Association of Santa Clara County in developing a matrix regarding
healthy cities.

Council Member Holman shared her appreciation to the City Manager’s Office
and the Community Services Department in supporting the City’s Healthy
City, Healthy Community efforts and support of the Healthy City, Healthy
Community Committee.

Council Member Berman advised that he will be submitting his resignation as
a Council Member later this week as he takes on his new role as State
Assemblymember this coming Monday.

Council Member Kniss shared her congratulations to and best wishes for
Council Member Berman. She noted that serving as an Assemblymember
has been a long time goal for him.

Council Member Holman commented that community members have
expressed support for the creation of an arts district, which could be
included in the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Vice Mayor Scharff announced that he was selected to be the Vice President
of the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) Personnel and Finance
Committee and to serve on the committee to oversee ABAG’s merger with
the Metropolitan Transit Commission.

James Keene, City Manager expressed his and City Staff’s appreciation for
Council Member Berman’s service and their best wishes on his new role.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:36 P.M.




                                                                           Page 6 of 6
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 11/28/16
