                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I remember from when I used to play out there a
lot, it was much different than what it was, I thought, in about this
timeframe. Talking about the golf experience, what's the nearest golf course
that might offer a similar experience to this? From your knowledge.

Mr. de Geus: Half Moon Bay is probably a good example, Lalo. I think
there's also a course on the East Bay that has more of a Baylands kind of
feel with the sweeping grasses and that type thing. I'm blanking on the
name of that. Nothing very close. I mean, it's ...

Council Member Holman: Nothing very nearby, though. I would agree with
you; it's the golfing experience that's going to get people. The fees that
are—Council Member Schmid referred to Page 23 in the analysis. The fees
seem really pretty low to me, $33, $74 and $33 and $31 and $31. These
seem actually pretty darn low.

Mr. de Geus: That's the average fee across 20 different fees that include
twilight, super twilight, youth fees, senior fees, some of which are very low.
The regular sort of rack rate for prime time would be in the $54-$56 range
for a weekend for a nonresident. This takes all of the fees and averages
them.

Council Member Holman: It still seems pretty reasonable. One last question
for me. Comments later. Can you just remind us the reputation of
Richardson, the designer of this golf course?

Mr. de Geus: He's here today, and he didn't need to be here. He's been
extremely committed. He's renowned nationally for his architecture. He's
been really terrific throughout this very difficult and long process. We feel
very confident in his design. All of the four builders that bid on the project
knew Forrest Richardson and all wanted to work with him.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Given that it's almost 11:30 P.M., I'm actually going
to try moving the Staff recommendation.

Mayor Burt: We're in questions and we need to hear from the members of
the public. Other than that, do what you like.

                                                                      Page 105 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
