                          TRANSCRIPT
a block from Neeraj, and two doors down from John, who has been leading
our effort here. This is just reciting a letter that we sent to Mayor Holman;
my wife sent this to Mayor Holman last December. I just wanted to kind of
go through this again. The letter said Dear Mayor Holman, our stretch of
Middlefield Road continues to worsen to the point of our family considering
selling our home to move to a safer street. Due to the low inventory of
homes in Palo Alto, we would probably have to buy elsewhere.              It's
distressing this seems to be our only solution. When we purchased our
home 13 years ago, the traffic was nowhere near as terrible, unbearable in
fact, as it is today. Now, after 3:00 P.M. we are reluctant to leave our
home. We close our windows to reduce the smell and ingestion of exhaust
fumes. We advise friends and relatives not to visit during certain times. We
cannot allow our daughter to play outside. This not good quality of life. I
realize the City has made attempts to reduce some of the Middlefield traffic
issues, but they simply are not working. As our neighbors have previously
requested, the configuration of Middlefield Road needs to be changed from
four lanes to two. Why is a two-lane configuration feasible for University
Avenue and Middlefield south of Channing Avenue? Is the safety of those
residents more important than ours? We are now begging you for a
solution. Please help. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Priti Dusane to be followed by Jacob Whiting.

Priti Dusane: Good evening, Council Members. This is my first time here.
I've been living on the Middlefield Road, 120 Middlefield Road, for the last
eight years. This is my daughter, Abigail. I'm here supporting the petition
to improve the traffic around the Middlefield area. I've been in this area for
a very long time and noticing gradually the traffic has been, I would say,
negatively impacting young families like mine. My daughter, Abigail, I just
can't see her biking or staying closer to the traffic in front of our front yard,
because there is just so many cars passing by. For me, backing up, in and
out, oh my, God, is just a chaotic. I have to (inaudible) time myself; 9:00, I
should go in and out quickly. If I miss that timeframe, I'll be sitting in my
driveway for a long time. Pollution is another concern I have. I've noticed
with the three lanes, sometimes they're blocked end to end. It takes at
least five minutes for cars to go back and forth. I literally have to tell my
daughter, "Close all the windows. It's going to be all smoky inside the
house," because we're so close to the streets. Lastly, I myself personally
witnessed a casualty right in front of my home where there was a lady trying
to go on Palo Alto Avenue. A guy on Middlefield just struck head-on, and
there was a fire. It was nerve wracking for me. Thank you again for
listening to us. We love the community. We love Palo Alto. Hopefully you
can help us. Thank you.

                                                                          Page 9 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
