                         TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto into a monstrosity, while growing increasingly numb to resident
wishes and well-being. As a lifelong residentialist of about 50 years and
because what is happening in Palo Alto is affecting me and my community,
I'm here as a Palo Alto City Council candidate. When elected, I pledge
myself to the following issues. One, stopping Citywide over-development,
eliminating all the cranes, stopping our beautiful skylines from being blocked
out forever. This includes, of course, maintaining walkable neighborhoods
where all residents have easy access to a grocery store. Two, establishing
City Codes that are fairer for residents than the Codes that we currently
have by creating a much-needed administrative hearing and appeal process
that offers due process rights. Every other city in the United States
guarantees its citizenry constitutional rights. It's the American way, Palo
Alto. I'm Danielle Martell, Palo Alto City Council candidate, and I believe
that the well-being of the residents come first.         Thank you for your
attention, and thank you for your support.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Scottie Zimmerman, to be followed by Palo
Alto Free Press.

Scottie Zimmerman: I wanted to just give you—I know how busy you all
are, and you can't keep up with all these details. This is information about
Pets in Need that I got from their annual report for Fiscal Year 2016, which
they observe the same year, July to June, that you guys do. This is about
spay and neuter. One of the comments I heard from various community
members is that it's not easy to have 10 or 20 spay/neuters done a week,
and they don't know if Pets in Need is up to it. In 2016, they performed
1,636 spay/neuter surgeries, which is an average of 30.5 per month. They
are doing well on the rate of surgeries. In addition, since 2012 they have
been offering all spay and neuter surgeries for free—I don't know how they
do it—to any pet owner. The medical team travels since 2012 in a van that's
set up as a hospital room. What am I thinking of? Operating theater. They
travel to communities that have chronic pet homelessness, well outside of
Redwood City. They spend about 3,000 miles a year on that. They partner
with other local agencies like Human Society of Silicon Valley (HSSV). With
their van, they went down and helped HSSV do a big, free spay/neuter for
Chihuahuas. They have a lot of things going for them as far as making sure
that we fight the unwanted population of puppies and kittens, the
unfortunately unwanted. I just wanted to let you know that. It's the truth
about Pets in Need and their spay/neuter.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Palo Alto Free Press, to be
followed by Lawrence Garwin.



                                                                         Page 9 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
