                          TRANSCRIPT
how much green time is allocated to each movement? We take all those
variables into calculation. If we use really advanced models, we might even
take into account the types of vehicles as well as the types of drivers.

Council Member Kniss: To interrupt, what time of the day?

Mr. Milam: Typically it's for the A.M. and P.M. peak hours, the commute
hours 7:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M., somewhere in that range, and between 4:00
P.M. and 6:00 P.M. You can do it for any time of day. Some people like to
look at the lunch-time hour, because that can also be a peak in a lot of
communities. Traditionally what you're trying to do is size your roadways
using vehicle level of service. The p.m. peak hour is the one that tends to
get the most focus.

Council Member Kniss: My point being what you're making. These are done
at the peak hour of our traffic. If we were a really persuasive Council with
the public, we might say, as we have done with the TMA particularly at
Stanford Research Park, "Is there some way you can change people's
hours?" Is there a way that you can use something like Scoop or Lyft Line
or something like that more effectively? Maybe there's another way that we
can look at this to say—I know when I travel Alma, if I want to travel Alma
south at 5:00 P.M. and there isn't some reason to do it, I'd be foolhardy to
do that. That's an awful time to go south. In many ways, if we could get
people to not go around elementary schools in the morning, which is really a
distressing time to try and drive anywhere. Maybe it's us that needs to say,
"Can you work together," which is what TMAs do. Is there another way that
we can approach this? Our traffic, as Yoriko said, is pretty bad. The
perception is that it's pretty bad. There are times of the day when it's also
extremely light. Just another idea. I did want to point out that I remember
whomever it was who spoke to us spoke a lot about when LOS is taken and
how you can attempt to persuade your community to use it to their
advantage rather than their disadvantage.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I thought this was a fascinating discussion.
Thanks for teeing it up. I think the most interesting thing in my mind is this
whole when we now look at CEQA documents, they're most likely in Palo Alto
not going to find a significant impact on this stuff, which means that it really
does come down to the General Plan and how we tee up what we want our
community to look like in terms of congestion. In some ways that's
liberating, because now we can do—it seems that we can do something
that's very local and very important to what's important to people in Palo
Alto as opposed to having a rigid structure of CEQA. It also takes away—if

                                                                         Page 35 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
