                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: First off, not with Libraries. I do have a concern
with homelessness being coded yellow and wanted to hear Staff chime in on
homelessness and what it would take to move that from yellow to green. I
think that's extremely important for our community.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: Good evening, Mayor and
Council Members. Rob de Geus, Community Services. The reason we left
that one as yellow and not green is a couple of reasons. One, we have one
Staff member, Minka van der Zwaag, overseeing the Office of Human
Services. She's spread pretty thin. The second is that homelessness is a
really massive problem, a big problem not only here in Palo Alto but
regionally. Solutions are difficult to find. We're doing some things this year,
and we've passed some resolutions, or the Council has, in support of some
County work. We have a recommendation in the budget to continue our
partnership with the County where the City provides case management
funding and the County provides housing vouchers. Is it truly enough to
address the issue? Have to say no, not really. What the solution is, is
difficult. It's not as easy as just more Staff or more money. We don't have
a full answer on that one.

Mr. Keene: Just as a process issue to it. It may be that we could have a
parking lot like we do in the Finance Committee with the budget on
identifying some issues. You can put them over there. We wouldn't have to
discuss them tonight. I would say on homelessness, Rob's exactly right. It's
a huge issue. How much of it is—what is the role the City plays in it? How
would the Council reach agreement about what the scope of that role would
be? What is it that we could do that would have the right return on
investment? There's a lot of mushy—this isn't a straight quid pro quo kind
of thing. We're kind of doing what we can, in a way. If you want to do
more than that, then that's a bigger kind of discussion sometime. We've got
to figure out how you would have that.

Council Member Wolbach: Responding to that Staff comment, I'd be fine
with just flagging this and saying either at the end of this meeting we put
into a motion or just say for now it's in something akin to the Finance
parking lot for future discussion. I do think it's important and worth
revisiting though we don't have time for a deep dive tonight.

Mayor Burt: Why don't we start somewhat of an informal parking lot of
issues? We'll put the Number 10—one sec. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: In the spirit of this process, if we take something
and, for want of a better term, upgrade it from red to yellow or yellow to


                                                                        Page 37 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
