                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: I think one thing we can say with confidence is that the Fifth
Scenario is of the highest priority in the Planning group. Everyone is
working on it and working on bringing it forward in a way that sensibly puts
the issues before the Council for you to deal with.

Mayor Burt: I don't want to get into any substantive discussions. From a
process standpoint, I'm also concerned that Council Member DuBois made a
comment that this was driven to a good degree based upon conversations
that presumably he and Council Member Schmid have had with Staff that
the rest of the Council, I think, is not privy to.

Ms. Stump: Was that this brief exchange over what was submitted as
Colleagues Memo?

Council Member DuBois: Say that again.

Ms. Stump: Was that the brief exchange that occurred in the last few days?

Council Member DuBois: It was the cause of the Memo. There seemed to
be a lack of clarity in terms of details on the Fifth Scenario. It was being
pushed out in terms of actually defining it. I think we were asking for a very
time-limited Agenda Item to make sure Council had a chance to say what
about this Scenario is ...

Mr. Keene: Could I suggest that—we are going to have a meeting next
week also. In the meantime, we'll have a meeting with the Mayor and the
Vice Mayor on the Agenda. We can look at where the current projected
timeline is on Comprehensive Plan (Comp. Plan) EIR Item coming back to
the Council and where the Staff timeline on the Fifth Scenario fits in and
where they are in the sequence of timing. This request, of course, is
expressing a concern that maybe the better sequence is having the Fifth
Scenario before the EIR piece comes back, is one thing I'm hearing. In any
case, not to take too long before we come back with the Fifth Scenario
Report. I'm just not intelligent enough with the materials I have from the
Staff and also with the Agenda itself to be able to speak to that well tonight.
We'll certainly be sitting down with the Mayor and Vice Mayor on the
Agenda.

Mayor Burt: Very briefly, Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: The concern is that the public comments on the
Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) will be coming in, in early May.
The CAC will complete their discussions of the Land Use Element without any
notion that there might be a Fifth Scenario.

                                                                       Page 105 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
