                          TRANSCRIPT
downturn it took him a lot less time to get to work. He said while he was
driving there was no traffic and it was not backed up. He could count all the
empty buildings. He said maybe in a way we should manage the traffic in a
smart way and not to hope that it goes away. That is really what I'm
looking for. We are not trying to build in all this problem-solving in our
Comp. Plan. Instead, I think it should be a guiding, kind of like really high
level. When we constructed this kind of like bible-like book, we did not take
into consideration of where the money comes from or the finance decisions,
and yet we constantly put traffic that we face today into that book. That is
something I think that is important for we to take into consideration.
Housing, we have all these huge front yards and backyards. From talking to
so many people that are considering selling and buying, we have so many
young people, and these are high quality people. They really are just
looking to move in and continue their busy lives, concentrating building their
careers. They are not looking for a front yard and backyard or a long
commute. I think that a smart growth in building that will accommodate the
young people that wish to move in. In a way the area that is most identified
by the young people and the older people that they wanted to live along the
corridor where the transportation is. I think that is the way that I would
advocate. The other one I really wanted to touch upon is that I have two
children, and they have gone through Palo Alto school district. One couldn't
wait when he was 16; he wanted to have a car. He reminded me he was
about to be eligible for his driving license. My second one who is now 20
doesn't want to drive. I see that the young generation really, really do not
believe that car is an inevitable part of their live. Cell phone is. With a cell
phone they can in a tap have a Uber come to take them. I think that is
something to build into our Comp. Plan. Thanks.

Mr. Garber: Thank you, Amy. It's actually Shani and then Doria and then,
Alex, you're the last speaker.

Shani Kleinhaus, CAC Member:           Thank you.    Good evening again.     I
appreciate being here. I think Staff is doing a fabulous job trying to herd
cats and deal with people who speak in very general terms and others that
have very specific issues that they want to bring up. I think they've been
very patient with us and very good at actually trying to integrate a lot of
what is said to the best of their ability. Having said that, we haven't seen a
complete product yet. It will be interesting to the Community Element when
it comes out, and we actually see what the product of our work is. Some of
the questions that you have asked of how does it work, where is it going, I
don't know that we have answers yet, because we haven't seen a complete
product of what we've been doing. Still, it's fun doing it. I'm going to try
and answer some of the questions, and then bring a couple of issues that I
think are important. About the housing and where it belongs, that was Greg
                                                                             Page 72 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
