                          TRANSCRIPT
level of support for it. It is among that subgroup where if there would
ultimately be any damage to the VTA measure would come there. That was
roughly 6.5 percent of Palo Alto voters that fell into that category, offering
higher support for a City measure than a VTA measure. Twice as many went
in the other direction. Offered higher support for the VTA measure than for
the City measure. Obviously there's also potential that it is taking away
some votes from the City Manager, as the Vice Mayor suggested a few
moments ago. That's not to say that all 6.5 percent would ultimately peel
off from the VTA measure, but it's also possible if part of the community
conversation was that people—there was a subset of the community that
were urging people to vote yes on the City measure and no on the County
measure. That obviously could inflate those numbers as well. That just
gives you some sense of the risk. Obviously Countywide, only one in 20
voters are in Palo Alto. Any measure that requires two-thirds supermajority
to pass, of necessity is going to be cutting it pretty close in our current era.
It is something to consider.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: At this point, unless I hear something different, I
would associate my comments with the Vice Mayor and with Tom. I think,
Cory, you've mentioned some of this. I was very surprised to discover this
wasn't our most urgent problem. One of the things that this helped with the
most is giving us a very different picture of the City. I was frankly delighted
to see that we have a new high on Slide 5 as to how we're viewed as a City.
When you it here week after week, that's not always the perception that you
get. This also—Greg, you mentioned a lack of specificity. I think that
weighs in heavily at this point. I can continue on through this but I think
that this gave us a terrific picture of—maybe you could correct me, Dave—a
city that's being well run, that doesn't seem to need a great deal more
funding, but surprisingly supports a County measure by almost three-fourths
of the voting. That is high, it would seem to me. Don't you think or not?

Mr. Metz: I do, but one has to remember that a lot of residents of Palo Alto
understand the regional transportation problems. Even if they feel okay
about local streets and roads...

Council Member Kniss: We're just smart up here. I think looking at this as I
see it and hear others having spoken to it and reflecting on that. I think
that we'd be far better poised for 2018. There would be more time to work.
I understand you did work with business closely the last time. For some
reason, they're not feeling that sufficiently this time. It may be that working
together toward a transportation issue in 2018 may be something that really
resonates with them. For me, at this point I think the next step would be

                                                                        Page 124 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
