                          TRANSCRIPT
out the alternative of mandating. Even things like bike racks, we talk about
incentives. I think we ought to say that we're going to have adequate bike
racks on public and private property. There's no reason that a City couldn't
require that private property provide those services. I don't know how much
we can have that—which of those things we can do retroactively and which
ones prospectively. We need to identify that as clearly as we can so that we
aren't just being wishful or saying that we're going to ask businesses to do
the right thing. We need to look at where we have leverage to make the
right thing happen. I also wanted to touch base on—Council Member
DuBois, excuse me, Filseth in raising the issue that ended up being around
crossing guards caused me to realize that we don't have language relating to
the safety of our Caltrain transportation. I think that does belong in the
Transportation Element. I would agree with him that if we put something in,
it shouldn't be referenced to one particular approach that we may have
today, but that we need to provide safe and secure tracks. Another question
is whether we also should be moving toward quiet zones. I didn't see
anything—is it there already? I missed that. I think we should have a
program to have safe and secure Caltrain tracks. That leaves it open on
how we're going to achieve that. I had alluded earlier to our S/CAP goals.
For instance, we have reducing greenhouse gases. We say that we're going
to meet City and State goals. We ought to say what that goal is. We know
that is a goal. We haven't said it's a hard and fast requirement. That's a
distinction between a goal and a requirement in my mind. It is something
that really drives in part these objectives. The other driver is to make our
community more livable and to keep it that way for future generations. I
think those two things are actually well aligned. There was one thing I only
mildly disagreed with. What Don McDougall was quoted on was—it was
something; I'm going to not get the wording right. I don't see the conflict. I
think that the sustainable initiatives are to achieve a more livable
community. The same things that provide the livable community create the
sustainable community. There's just not a difference between them. We
talk about them as if they're different. We need to explain why they are
fully aligned. I think that's a really important theme that we should be doing
here. It's part of why we're really not struggling to fully integrate or align, I
should say, the S/CAP and the Comp Plan. I think they serve each other by
doing that. By aligning them, the S/CAP will support the Comp Plan, and the
Comp Plan will support the S/CAP.           We will have two critical guiding
documents for our community that aren't sort of aligned. They are aligned.
I don't think they're in conflict. We just haven't worked hard enough to
explain why they're aligned. On Program—this is Page 415, Program T132.
It talks about work with transit providers including SamTrans and VTA to
encourage the adoption of electric, fuel cell or other zero emission—I take it
transit vehicles, that's what that's referring to. I think that's a really great
idea. It doesn't talk about our local shuttle needs to hit that objective. It
                                                                        Page 115 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
