                          TRANSCRIPT
traffic signals along the City's arterial streets now that the newly created
Traffic Engineering Lead has been filled. In 2016, our Staff is planning to
collect new intersection counts along Sand Hill Road, Embarcadero and
Middlefield Roads. The existing adaptive traffic signal system along Sand Hill
will be updated using the new traffic counts. Staff will complete a before
and after study of travel times along the corridor using consolidated GPS
data. New timing and coordination plans will be implemented along both
Embarcadero and Middlefield which will better serve changing travel patterns
throughout the day. Also in this year, Staff will re-time and coordinate
signals in the Downtown area with a special emphasis on pedestrian and
bicycle mobility and safety. These are just highlighting the first project
areas in this calendar year where we actually reprogram the system. The
Staff is also working on a contract to install an adaptive traffic signal system
along San Antonio Road which will include the signal at the intersection of
Charleston Road and Fabian Way. This system is effective on corridors with
varying levels of congestion and unpredictable demand. While this new
signal system will not eliminate congestion along San Antonio Road, it will
address many of the operational issues that we heard about at the
Neighborhood Town Hall meeting in December at Cubberley, for example.
Next year, Staff will collect new traffic counts and implement new signal
timing and coordination along Alma, Arastradero, West Charleston Road and
more in the Downtown area. Pending funding, an adaptive traffic signal
system will be implemented along the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor in
conjunction with the Complete Street project construction. My limited
understanding of the capacities we will have is both the ability to actually do
very sophisticated traffic signalization work from within the Planning
Department, sitting at a terminal in this building and being able to look at
intersections and making changes in an ongoing way.                For example,
concerns we've had around Town and Country about the signalization and
those sorts of things, we'll be able to do things we have never done before.
Ultimately, with the sort of emergent work in the automotive industry about
the connected vehicles, ultimately there will be the potential to communicate
and feed worthwhile information back between drivers and the signals that
we have. I'll have more specific reports coming to the Council, but I did
want to give that verbal update given the interest. I don't know if I said this
last week or if it's just that I'm remembering reading the piece in the
Weekly, but what the heck. I did want to report that again we went out and
fixed some big, big potholes on Oregon Expressway near 101 even though it
was a Caltrans right-of-way. We got a lot of complaints from our public, so
our Staff did go out, thought they were a safety issue, fixed the potholes
that afternoon. We will be sending our bill to Caltrans. I did want to thank
our Staff and community members for feeding us this. A reminder again
that we will be actually having an official dedication of the new media
artwork in the City Hall lobby. It's scheduled for Wednesday, March 2nd,
                                                                          Page 19 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
