                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman:       Maybe it needs to be a separate sentence
(crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: I would say "and reduce the total available by."

Council Member Holman: Can I suggest not reducing it by a total number,
but setting a target number? It's a lot easier to manage, I think.

Council Member DuBois: Sure.

Council Member Holman: If you want to reduce the total number of
employee parking permits that are available, I'd say set it at 1,385 because
that's really where we are, rather than reducing it by a certain amount.

Mayor Burt: Can I clarify? It's actually 1,385 plus the limited number that
have been sold in 9 and 10 already. Correct?

Mr. Mello: Yes.

Mayor Burt: It'd be 1,465.

Council Member Holman: That's right. Without 9 and 10, it would be 1,385.
Okay, 1,465.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion Part C, “and reduce the total number of
available employee permits to 1,465” after “permits in Zones 9 and 10.”

Mr. Keene: My understanding is that the direction of these more specific
comments are all the things that would be coming back in January.

Council Member Holman: Correct.

Mr. Keene: Is there a great value to try to identify that number right now
versus letting us come back after we've done some math and whatever?
Then, if you didn't like it, you can change it.

Council Member Holman: It seems to me there is an advantage to doing
that if we cannot spend hours doing it, because it gives you direction on
what to come back in January with, instead of waiting for you to come back
in January and then saying, "We brought this instead."

Mr. Keene: It would also give the Staff the chance to make sure that we're
kind of doing our due diligence on the number. It's much easier for you to
change it after we've sort of made recommendations.


                                                                    Page 106 of 121
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 09/06/16
