                          TRANSCRIPT
near the Stanford Research Park are a great example of redevelopment,
Groupon and now the Fry's site. Those are huge opportunities, and also in
the park. We still have the kind of classic big parking lots in front of isolated
office buildings footprint there. That should evolve, and should evolve into
the transportation networks too, both the University's but also the City's
network. As somebody mentioned earlier, land use changes are slow.
They're going to take 20 years, but I think we can very much head in the
right direction. That's another place where small changes in height, small
changes in density can over time actually make a big difference. Again,
carefully; we're not talking about putting toxic waste near residences. There
are places where you want to keep those boundaries.

Mayor Burt: I just had a few final thoughts. One is having listened to a lot
of what you had to say, I think that part of what we need to move toward is
both a new calculus and a new nomenclature for some of what we're talking
about. We talk about a last mile. That's really a walking mile. As we have
various new modes of electric bikes, electric scooters, our folding bikes, it's
not a mile. If we were talking a mile walking, then it's maybe 20 minutes.
It's a last 20-minutes of whatever mode we use. You were alluding to that
when you were saying the distance if we use electric bikes is routinely
different from if we have pedal power. I also just wanted to bring up, when
we talk about locating whether it be jobs or housing near transit, a study
that we received a number of years ago but registered a lot to me was that
at least at that time the trip avoidance as a result of having housing near
services, say, living Downtown and walking to services if it is Downtown that
has the services, outweigh the trip reduction 2:1 over the use of transit even
though transit was certainly higher by those who lived or worked Downtown.
When we rezoned our California Avenue area, we invented a new term of
Pedestrian and Transit Oriented Development (PTOD). We had a battle back
and forth on the naming. Staff said Transportation and Pedestrian Oriented
Development (TPOD). No, put the pedestrian first. Also from a marketing
standpoint, we saw pushback in the community who intuitively actually knew
that same thing, which is you may use more transit, but you want to double
the density. That doesn't net out as fewer trips to and from that Downtown
area. When you add in the pedestrian, it did. That resonates more with
people because that's something they feel better about. I was taken by your
points about the prospect of really seeing a reduction in our cost of mile
travel. That's fascinating. If we combine that with what we're starting to
see as a leveling of the cost of electricity—some experts are now predicting
a future decline in the cost of electricity—that's really a fascinating model
where we may be seeing that the more sustainable future is lower cost in
those regards. We get so much pushback under assumptions that doing
things that are more sustainable will necessarily be at higher cost. Here in
Palo Alto, we now have 100 percent carbon neutral electricity at more than
                                                                         Page 46 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
