                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Halpern: Like deaccession, that tunnel—both of our tunnels, both Cal.
Ave. and University Avenue, we could take a whole hour on. The problems
are a little more complicated than just money problems. We could make
sure we talk about that at our next Study Session.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would. I would be very interested in figuring out how
to make that tunnel, which I think is starting to look pretty shabby, of what
we can do about that. Thank you very much for your great work on this.

Ms. Halpern: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I won't get into the details, because I'm confident
we're going to approve this. I think we should. I think it's an awesome
roadmap for the next ten years. I'm really glad that we hired great
consultants to help us craft it. I just wanted to mainly emphasize that the
Public Art Commission and the community have really set the bar for public
engagement and involvement through this process. I've said that and I
thought so nine months ago or so when you guys came to us. It's just
awesome to see how many people got involved, the different ways that we
reached out to people to get their input. It was really successful, and I think
it shows. I'm happy to see that one of the—I don't know if it's the priorities
or major recommendations has to do with the murals policy. We can really
leverage murals to turn some blight spots in town into bright spots. Just
came up with that. Sometimes you get inspired while you're talking up
here.

Ms. Halpern: That's really good.

Ms. DeMarzo: Can we use that?

Council Member Berman: Absolutely. It's funny. I was thinking earlier on
in the conversation about this Facebook post that I saw from somebody who
was really excited about a temporary—I'm going to call it a temporary public
art project—it wasn't City sanctioned—around the 4th of July. Somebody in
their neighborhood had stuck a bunch of American flags in some trees on
maybe Bryant or something like that. I was thinking who was that who
posted that. It was Vice Mayor Scharff. That's what public art can do.
You're just going about your regular day, and all of a sudden you see
something. You're like this is awesome. I'm really excited about this.
Thank you, guys, for all your work. Thanks.

Ms. Halpern: I just want to say we really do appreciate all the work of the
consultants and the Art Commission and the support from this Council and to
                                                                         Page 78 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
