                          TRANSCRIPT
about people looking into her back windows and share that important
feedback and what a design would have to look like to prevent that kind of
intrusion into privacy.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That, I think, covers our questions. We'll now go
to the public. We have ...

Mr. Mello: If I could just answer Council Member DuBois' earlier question.
The total budget for the Feasibility Study was $383,000.

Council Member DuBois: Is that out of the $1.5 million grant?

Mr. Mello: No. That was funded through the City Bicycle and Pedestrian
Plan implementation.

Mayor Burt: We have nine speakers. If anyone else wishes to put a card in,
they need to do so at this time. Our first speaker is Julie Nolan, to be
followed by Mike Nolan. Each speaker has up to three minutes to speak.
Welcome.

Julie Nolan: In the beginning, someone looked at a map and imagined a
public trail on the maintenance road along the Matadero flood control
channel. The imagined route was included in the 2012 Bike and Pedestrian
Plan as a Class I bike trail proposed to be continuous from west of Caltrain
to east of 101. This, despite a private property, all the way to the creek wall
at Waverley Street, multiple cleanout ramps along the route, and the
crossing of many streets in Midtown, important streets. Apparently these
facts were not known by the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors when
they voted to grant the $1.5 million to Palo Alto for a Matadero Creek Trail.
Anyway, money was allocated by the City. Consultants were hired. A
Citizens Advisory Committee was created. I'm a member of that Committee
and a long-time Matadero Creek neighbor. On November 9th, as you know,
City Council heard the recommendation of City Staff in concurrence with the
conclusions of the Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) that a Matadero Creek
Trail was not feasible. Despite this, more money was allocated. Consultants
were hired, resulting in a list of options before you this evening. This new
set of consultants arranged to open the maintenance road between Waverley
and Cowper on April 23rd, sent a postcard to residents, inviting them to
walk and bike on the greenway. It turns out that the consultants made
actually a significant mistake. In their draft report, they show that width as
14 feet, but it turns out the actual width is 11 feet. By the City's own
standard for a shared-use path, that's not adequate. The standard is 12
                                                                        Page 34 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
