                          TRANSCRIPT

that not all the cities are taking identical positions. We have a majority of
those that have gone to the Council and either are in the process or have
already adopted as a position the same as what we have before us. We
have a few of the West County, three of the West County cities, I think,
smaller cities that one is not taking it to their Council because they want
actually something that's even more parochial and specific to their city's
interest. Another that thinks that it is too specific for our region's interest
and that the process that we have through VTA is sufficient. The other thing
is that the group of cities acknowledged that this is part of an iterative
process. This position reflects a strong belief by this group in what is really
needed to serve both really the county as a whole as well our areas of the
county. There are other parties that will have slightly different variations
that are coming forward. We'll see some negotiation, frankly, that's going to
be coming about in the coming weeks that will build a consensus position
amongst the various parties.          The Council supporting this set of
recommendations, I think, allows this group of cities to proceed and
advocate for what we believe are in the best interests of both our region of
the county and the county as a whole. That's my best summary of what's
happening. Ed or Jim, do you have anything to add?

James Keene, City Manager: Right on. I think the fact that it's iterative,
that it's a collective, we're stronger certainly, so hanging together for as long
as we can, we ought to do that tonight. That's for sure.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Burt?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Kniss:       Quick point of information.         Under the
recommendation, it says approve advocacy direction to City representatives.
Who are they?

Mayor Burt: That's one of the things that really in Recommendation Number
2 we need to clarify.

Mr. Keene: Yes, I apologize for that. Recommendation 2 actually deals with
the fact that there will be some of these ongoing meetings, and there may
be some adjustments and adaptations. Actually, this has not been just
something at the City Manager and Staff level, but we've had a
representative from the Mayor. We neglected to point that out to you, that
we shared this morning in pre-Council that two should be amended, I think,
to say to authorize the Mayor and the City Manager to engage with VTA and

                                                                          Page 72 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
