                          TRANSCRIPT
revisions to the document. The first of these was after the development of
the administrative draft. This was reviewed again by City Staff's advisory
panel. As a quick summary, at this point the advisory panel felt that our
initial language was actually too prescriptive and too related to Standards
rather than Guidelines. We were directed to somewhat soften the language
to allow for a level of flexibility based on real world circumstances for
homeowners and residents. The next opportunity came after the completion
of the public review draft in May. At this time, we were informed that
maybe the Guidelines assumed a certain level of universal regularity within
the neighborhood, so we worked to revise it so that it would not assume a
rigid consistency amongst houses. Following our community workshop and
presentation at the HRB in June, we undertook another round of revisions to
further pay attention to those cases where maybe consistency was assumed
as well as—one second. Related to the organization of the document, there
was comments that it seemed like the content was there and was useful, but
it could use, for instance, an index so that those referring to different items
in the Guidelines could easily find the appropriate guidance in the index and
then refer back within the document.             Lastly, following the HRB
recommendation hearing in July, we revised certain—at this point actually
there was several instances in the Guidelines where it was felt that some of
the flexible language regarding for instance raising homes or moving homes
within their lots was actually too flexible and should be strengthened to
really say that this should be done and this should not be done. At that
point, we took a look back as conditions of the recommendation and made
those text changes and then also made changes to the illustrations that
supported that language.        These changes should be reflected in the
comment log that has been provided to Council Members. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can now go to the Council for any technical
questions. I don't have any speaker cards. Council Member Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I wanted to ask some questions about the
proposed text changes. It seemed to me that a number of them were
clarifying issues, but a number of them seemed to be more prescriptive than
what Staff recommended. It seems that, in fact, some of these changed the
intent of what was in the Guidelines. It seemed a little surprising to me that
Staff would recommend those.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Vice Mayor Scharff. I think we heard from
Council Members DuBois and Holman that some of the language had gotten
a little watered down and an effort to be more clear about what the intent
was, particularly in the changes that we're recommending here in Chapter 4.
We'd be happy to respond to any specific questions you have about this
material.
                                                                        Page 59 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
