                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Yes. If you see the graphic that's up on the screen, in order to
have two one-way bikeways instead of the two-way configuration, we would
have to remove the parking that's on the opposite side.

Council Member Wolbach: Parking is one of the things that you'd lose on
Loma Verde, that you wouldn't lose on—just trying to consider what the
feasibility of this and how the costs and benefits of this compare to East
Meadow, where we've already decided to press forward. As far as number of
driveways and driveway intersections, especially on the northwest side of
Meadow—I know on the southeast side you've got a lot of public facilities, so
there are fewer driveways. The number of driveways on the northwest side
of Meadow, I know that's not what you're really prepared to talk about
tonight, but do you have a sense of approximately how many driveways and
cutouts there are there?

Mr. Mello: I don't, but I can tell you a lot of the houses along the northwest
side of Meadow actually front on the side streets; they don't front directly on
Meadow. Every parcel along Meadow doesn't have a driveway that exits
onto Meadow. The driveway issue is only a concern when you have the
wrong-way riding that comes with the two-way facility. If you were to do
two one-way, separated bikeways, you don't have the same concern around
driveways because cyclists are on the right side of the roadway.

Council Member Wolbach: It's really just a question of whether drivers will
be cognizant enough to look both ways when they're pulling out of their
driveway.

Mr. Mello: Correct. Most people don't; most people just look to their left.

Council Member Wolbach: That's horrifying to think about, but I think we've
all—I would hope that Palo Altans were a little bit smarter than to look only
one way when pulling out of the driveway in a multi-ton vehicle. I know that
sometimes that can be correct. In talking about bike and pedestrian
crossings at Middlefield and increasing those, we can do that regardless of
what we do with this project. Correct?

Mr. Mello: Yes, that's correct.

Council Member Wolbach: As far as additional crossings, like I was talking
about where Loma Verde, for instance, or Matadero Creek meets Alma,
where you see about halfway between the existing train and Alma crossings
at Meadow and Oregon. If we're talking about adding additional crossings
                                                                        Page 27 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
