                          TRANSCRIPT
seems to be very much a disconnect between the first portion of the Bylaws
and the mission statement. The Bylaws, I think, have a lot of problems with
them. They seem to be cut and paste from something else. They seem
pretty bland and disconnected, I think, from the endeavor. Those are my
questions and comments at this point.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, guys, very much. At first when I took
a look at this, I thought to myself, "Wow." Council Member Kniss and I were
talking about how it was a long time ago when we brought up this idea or
when ...

Council Member Kniss: Three years.

Council Member Berman: ... Council Member Kniss brought up this idea with
some other former Colleagues. I thought about some of my experiences
from my work experience. I was kind of reminded of this East Side Alliance
that we set up at this education nonprofit that I worked for on the east side
of San Jose, where we were trying to get seven different school districts that
all feed into one high school district, 85,000 students, teachers, parents,
labor unions, all these different actors. It takes a long time. If you don't
take the time to get the foundation set up properly upfront, you're going to
fail. I know that some of my Colleagues think that this is taking a long time
and it's slow moving and hasn't gotten much accomplished. I look at it from
a different perspective of I think you're being smart to be diligent about it. I
think there are things that can be improved.           Getting more resident
involvement, I think, would be a good idea. I'd like to see more reporting
back to Council so that us and the community know what's going on. I've
got some questions about what, Wendy, you've seen with other TMAs. The
idea that things will move faster if Council gets more involved, that doesn't
work. Careful what you wish for in terms of how we want to see this move
forward. In terms of what you've seen with other TMAs—this is all kind of
new to us—how involved are most city councils? How does this structure
compare to other structures that you've seen?

Ms. Silvani: Every TMA is a little bit different, because every community is a
little bit unique.

Council Member Berman: Especially ours.

Ms. Silvani: No, you can say that about every community. I've been
involved with several TMAs, and I've set several up.    I've worked in
Emeryville. I've worked in San Francisco. I've worked in Alameda, San
Mateo. They're all different.
                                                                          Page 49 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
