                          TRANSCRIPT
more by working together and in partnership with the City rather than
against each other. Critical mass. We are focused on building critical mass
in order for our programs to be most effective. Time. We are motivated
and focused, and we are launching experimental programs. We ask that the
City give us the benefit of time before regulating and prescribing our efforts.
Thank you for your time.

Stan Nakaso, Lockheed Martin Space Systems: Good evening, Mayor, Vice
Mayor and Council Members. My name is Stan Nakaso; I'm with Lockheed
Martin Space Systems. Lockheed Martin has been a member of the Stanford
Research Park since 1956. We have had a robust transportation program in
place since the 1970s to help our employees reduce stress and the cost of
commuting to work.       We currently offer the following Transportation
Demand Manager programs:          Eco Pass; Dumbarton Express, 15-year
participating; bike commuter incentive checks; pretax incentives; the
emergency ride home; and bicycle lockers. We are motivated to offer our
employees these programs because traffic congestion is a quality of life
issue. We see the value in coordinating an approach with the Stanford
Research Park's TDM group led by Jamie and are excited to be a valued
partner here. We believe our effectiveness is through a comprehensive set
of programs that offers scale and cost efficiency based upon demand data
and employee needs. We believe a facilitative partnership among the SRP
employers in coordination with the City and transit agency will offer the most
comprehensive and integrated set of programs available. We also see the
positive value of speaking with a common voice to advocate for changes in
our regional transportation systems. Lockheed Martin is supportive and
excited about the group Eco Pass program that rolled out this year. We
believe greater participation in the program will benefit all employees
working in the Park. Lockheed Martin agrees with our fellow Stanford
Research Park employees that flexibility, experimentation, evaluation,
collaboration and time are critical to the success of our efforts within the
Stanford Research Park's TDM programs. Lockheed is supportive of SRP's
TDM group and look forward in being part of a solution that benefits
everybody. Thank you.

Kellie Drenner, SAP: Hello. My name is Kellie Drenner, and I'm with SAP. I
first want to thank the City of Palo Alto for allowing us to speak today on a
very important subject. I thank Stanford University and the Stanford
Research Park for their ongoing support and leadership of TDM. Thank you.
TDM is a priority for SAP. We currently offer the following TDM programs to
all of our employees: free VTA Eco Pass express that includes Dumbarton
Express route; East to North Bay commuter shuttles to Palo Alto; free
emergency ride home program; reserved assigned carpool parking spaces
with permit program; subsidies for our employees who use transit or
                                                                         Page 17 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
