                          TRANSCRIPT
ask you to think about is after converging on the scenarios, you toss it over
to the Finance Committee of the Council. You really have to do the hard-
press thinking. For Jim and Hillary and all the folks that work down there, I
keep going back to Jim's tip of the iceberg. Until the tip of the iceberg is big
enough, it simply is not going to work. We're a very quaint, small City. We
have two giant metropolises on either side of us, if you look at the whole
mid-Peninsula and the lower Peninsula. I just ask you to really throw it back
to the Finance Committee of the Council for a reality check as you grind
through this. If it begins to match up reasonably well, move ahead. I don't
see that you've got the resources to even remotely pull off what you're
talking about. It may take parking fees and a hell of a lot more, Pat. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Catherine Martineau to be followed by Arthur
Keller. Welcome.

Catherine Martineau: Good evening and thank you. I actually have the
same point as Shani Kleinhaus just mentioned.               It's clear that any
development scenario will have impact on the natural environment and
biological resources. They need to be addressed. Mitigation needs to
happen for that if those choices are made that have impact and more
impact.    Also we really have to take into account that the natural
environment is a force to harness to help us achieve our goals in terms of
sustainability, climate action and resilience all together. I don't think we can
afford not to harness those forces. Because we don't have a market for
them, they're not taken into consideration and they're taken for granted.
I'm back from a conference in Los Angeles. Dr. Gretchen Daily was the
keynote speaker. You may know of her. She's just right here at Stanford.
She heads the Natural Capital Project, and she advises heads of state on
how to use the forces of nature for sustainability and resilience. Countries
around the world are actually putting those programs in place. You may
have heard of Melbourne, Australia, that put their urban forestry and urban
nature people and green infrastructure people in charge of their
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. Canopy was ahead of the curve for
many, many years. I mean actually the City of Palo Alto was ahead of the
curve for many, many years with a wonderful urban forest. As we progress,
I think we're losing our edge. This is basically my message that I keep
taking to different bodies in the City. I'm just afraid you're going to be tired
of hearing from me, but I'll be back. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    Arthur Keller to be followed by Doria Summa.
Welcome.



                                                                          Page 37 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
