                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: One question about an earlier comment. You gave
a definition of education facilities. I remember it said in the California
Education Code. That is a K-12 Code. Does that mean that it would be
schools only for kids under 18? It would not set up a coding school for ...

Mr. Lait: Let me just pull the definition again. I don't believe we're talking
about a coding school. These are types of schools that have a curriculum
that is similar to public schools as set forth in the Education Code. To the
extent that it permits coding as a class perhaps or area of study.

Council Member Schmid: The Education Code, though, is for K-12. It does
not go beyond high school.

Mr. Lait: That's the reference that we have in our Code.

Council Member Schmid: Just to clarify. I want to just take a step back. In
our Housing Element, we had a recommendation that we look at sites in and
near the Downtown—I would think SOFA II would be part of that—where we
could have denser housing. We said we would do that while preparing the
Comp Plan. It seems to me SOFA Ii is an area where if we're going to have
dense housing, it should be here.         Shouldn't we be talking about
encouraging, providing incentives, influencing what goes on on the ground
floor that would increase the incentives or encourage housing in the area?
Wouldn't that have an impact on how we plan and look for ground-floor
activities?

Mr. Lait: It may, but we don't have the time for that kind of a study. We've
got the interim Ordinance that's going to expire in April. It has to go
through the PTC, a hearing before the City Council, a second one for a
second reading, and 30 days of adoption.

Council Member Schmid: I appreciate that, but we have a discussion next
month on the Land Use Element where the housing, land use for housing
and ground floor and mixed uses will be a critical element. We can't say we
won't discuss that during the land use. We're looking for help here.

Mr. Lait: I just don't know that this is the—I'll leave it to the Council to give
direction on this. I don't know that we can take on the housing component
and ways that we might encourage housing in SOFA II with this retail
Ordinance.




                                                                         Page 66 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
