                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second that.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to approve Agenda Item Number 3.

3.    Vote to Endorse the Slate of Candidates for the Division’s Executive
      Committee for 2016-17 and Direct the City Clerk to Forward to Seth
      Miller, the Regional Public Affairs Manager for the Peninsula Division,
      League of California Cities the Completed Ballot for the City of Palo
      Alto.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member DuBois, second by Vice Mayor
Scharff. I see no lights. Please vote. That passes unanimously, and we
have just made up lost time. A rare occurrence here.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

5.    Direct Staff to Proceed With Discussions With Pets In Need Regarding
      Animal Care Services and the Construction or Rehabilitation of the
      Animal Shelter Facility.

Mayor Burt: We are now ready to continue to what was formerly Item 5,
which is a direction to Staff to proceed with discussions with Pets in Need
regarding animal care services and the construction or rehabilitation of the
animal shelter facility. Mr. Shikada.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, members of the
City Council. Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager. I'll just introduce the
topic this evening and ask Cash Alaee to do the primary report for Staff. I
joined the City midway in the evolution of the work that Cash will describe.
I'll just note that a little more than a year ago, in the spring of last year, I
was here where Staff received direction from the City Council to proceed
with the Request for Proposals (RFP) for a new service model for animal care
services. I would just note that, as someone who's been involved with a
number of public-private partnership endeavors in different contexts, the
approach Staff has taken here in working with both the market generally as
well as prospective partners is really representative of best practices. What
we have undertaken over the course of the last year was to test the market.
We did an RFP, worked with stakeholders in order to identify the scope of
services that was being sought, tested the market, found there was not a
very strong market, at the same time found that we had a very strong
                                                                        Page 35 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
