                          TRANSCRIPT
historically haven't been into transportation or energy technologies. In the
last couple of years, they're starting to significantly invest. Millions of
dollars being spent on buses right now, as many of you know. We can
redirect that to fund some of these new ideas as well. Companies have
already been funding bike upgrades. They've already been funding an
option to look at new rail options. There's a synergistic opportunity here to
work together to actually improve the system. Having each tech company
build its own transit system cannot be the most efficient answer for our
reason. Thank you very much for the time. Be happy to take questions and
look forward to our discussion.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much, Stefan. This was an informative and
provocative presentation. We can carve out just a few minutes for questions
if any Colleagues have any. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. You said earlier that in San
Francisco basically public transit works like it does in major cities around the
world. I mean, nobody has to remember a schedule, so everybody takes it
and so forth. It doesn't in San Jose. Why not?

Mr. Heck: A little caveat: some parts of San Francisco. There are low-
density parts of San Francisco that have 40-minute intervals as well, and it
doesn't work there. San Jose is a very interesting Case Study, because it's
interesting. New York is the best transit system in the U.S., also one of the
oldest.     Huge capital spending, obviously has great density.            We're
interesting because in the same region we have one of the worst performing
transit systems, Valley Transportation Authority (VTA), and we have one of
the best performing transit systems in the country, San Francisco Municipal
Transportation Authority (SFMTA). A couple of things happen there. If you
look at the light rail system, we placed the stops too close together. I told
you earlier people are willing to walk about half a mile. That data basically
says you should site your transit stops a mile, a mile and a little bit apart.
You look at Beijing or most international cities, it's about 1.1 miles, 1.2 miles
between stations, the same as New York. The San Jose system places them
.6 or .7 miles apart. That means that while access is great, if you're a rider,
it's too slow. We also didn't design it along the main corridors where people
are already going. It weaves around and goes to different destinations. Of
course, the intervals are pretty low. At peak time, it's about a 15-minute
interval. Off peak, you're talking about 30, in some cases even 40 minutes.
We don't have a grid network. We have two lines basically. It's interesting,
it's instructive. I actually looked back at 100 years ago. If you look at the
transit system then, we had an electric rail line that started here in Palo Alto,
went through the areas where Fry's is, went past the Veterans Affairs (VA)
Hospital and went down Foothill Expressway and connected to Cupertino and
                                                                         Page 32 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
