                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: A couple of questions. From your experience,
what engenders the more support, a dedicated tax or an advisory tax? Is
there any way to kind of characterize that?

Mr. Metz: Yes. You're asking about the difference between a special tax
and a general tax?

Council Member Holman: Mm-hmm.

Mr. Metz: Generally speaking, a special tax is going to achieve more
support than a general tax. Often it's 10-15 points higher in terms of its
support. However, because the required threshold for approval of a special
tax is 17 points, it is very often the case that it is easier to pass a general
tax even if it starts with lower initial support, simply because the vote
threshold is so much lower. A special tax really—dedicating that funding has
to give you an enormous lift in order to overcome that 17 point cost that you
get from the lower threshold.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) Molly can also talk about the ability to include
something nonbinding in the language for (crosstalk).

Mr. Metz: The City Manager has asked me to speak about one option when
putting a general tax forward which is to have a companion advisory
measure which goes with it, where voters can cast a non-binding vote
indicating their support for a proposed spending plan for the money, and
then cast a separate vote to raise the tax itself. Our experience has been
that in general that approach is not always helpful because it generates a
fair amount of confusion unless voters have a very clear idea about the
interaction between the two measures. They can often vote for the advisory
measure thinking it has a policy impact because it spells out where the
money would go and then not vote for the tax because they think their vote
on the advisory measure has essentially solved the problem. It puts a great
burden on their being a communications campaign and obviously one that
the City wouldn't run. It would have to be an independent committee doing
it that would clarify the necessary of voting for two measures together.
There are cases where that's been successful, but in general we find that it
can create as many problems as it solves.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Maybe just to elaborate. If the tax were
structured to create a binding legal commitment to use the funds in a certain
way, that would be a special tax and require the higher threshold. Short of
that, the Council can certainly indicate to the public its plan for spending the
money and can include some of that description in the measure itself.

Mayor Burt: That's what we did on the TOT increase.
                                                                        Page 115 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
