                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I think that would be helpful for class aides and
substitute teachers and the variety of people who are working ...

Ms. Gitelman: Knowing that they purchased 60 in Phase One and they have
17 onsite spaces, what would you like to do in terms of accommodating
them?

Council Member DuBois: I would suggest a friendly amendment that we just
let the School District permits under the low-wage program.

Council Member Schmid: That is possible for us to do that?

Council Member DuBois: Basically, we'd just offer them the low-wage rate.

Ms. Gitelman: We would propose to add that as a new Item Three under
Section Six, Item D. It says employee permits; Number 1 is about the
standard permits. Number Two is about the reduced rate for qualifying
employees.     Number Three would offer a reduced rate for Addison
Elementary School employees. Unlimited number?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah.

Council Member DuBois: Up to 2,000.

Council Member Schmid: Are there other comments on the motion? Council
Member Wolbach.

Council Member Filseth: I'll accept the amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “add to Resolution Section
6.D., a Number 3, ‘reduced rate for Addison Elementary School employees -
$100/year.’” (New Part E)

Council Member Schmid: Thank you, sir. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Obviously this is a tricky one. I feel it's more
tricky since some of these amendments have been added. A couple of
things that are worrying me. One, I want to talk about the TMA for a
second. I know that it's not a primary topic tonight, but it's obviously
intertwined, so I think it's fair to discuss it a little bit, and it has been
brought up a number of times. I think we need to be honest with ourselves
that we can't just talk about putting teeth into the TMA. We need to put
skin ourselves into the TMA. It is important that we expect that the
business community will contribute, and they have assured us they're going
to do that. I think it's important, especially if we want to make sure that we
                                                                        Page 56 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
