                         TRANSCRIPT
a lot of sense. Rainwater recapture and storm water management, using
more onsite, is going to be a critical piece of our drought tolerance and the
future of California. This is good timing. I'm excited to see it happening.
I'm happy to support it. Given that we have an item coming up that, I think,
a couple of people here in the room are here to hear, I'll stop there even
though this is a really important issue.

Mayor Burt: I just want to add that in addition to the comments of my
colleagues, I actually think this is even more transformative that we've been
talking about. The historic approach was put in a bunch of storm drains, get
a big storm, have a whole bunch of water pass down and go to the Bay at
the same time that our creeks are approaching flood stage. Mr. Teresi said
this is a separate system from our flood water control system. The problem
is they converge just downstream of 101. Under our current structure
where we added the whole storm water gates there, in the event of a major
storm when we have too much water flowing to the creek at the same time
we have too much water flowing out our storm drains, our system shuts off
those gates from the storm drains, and it backs up. There's no solution to
that other than having less storm water go into the storm system during a
major rain storm. We're moving from the old system of just hardscape,
everything runs off in an urban environment and flows down in pipes to
returning to essentially more of a natural environment, where that water is
being absorbed into the ground. It's a really big transformation here. This
is not just about our storm water system; it is about how it complements our
creek flood control project and how it basically adds to really a sustainable
approach. We recently adopted our plan on sea level rise. This is a
component of that adaptation, because you just can't keep having all that
water flow down concrete at the same time that we have a big run off from
our storm. I think it's great to do this. The advisory committee and the
Staff both deserve a lot of credit. It really complements what we recently
moved in the direction of, as a Council, on our landscape guidelines, where
we're moving away from landscaping that really doesn't belong in our
climate setting to what does. It's kind of rethinking how we go about having
a built environment. I just want to commend everyone.

Mr. Bobel: Thank you for that great summary. I'd just like to commend our
storm drain group. They probably spent 50 percent of their meeting time
talking about the fact that we were at a turning point, and we have to do
things differently and discussing this whole green infrastructure concept.
Claire and the other members, I think, have done a great job in moving the
City forward. My hat's off to them.

MOTION RESTATED:         Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Scharff to:
                                                                       Page 28 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
