                          TRANSCRIPT
of this moment. There's been a lot of work to put a very creative policy
forward. It's a policy, frankly, that the Clean Coalition will take to other
communities to model. We're not going to have the same Council in a
month or two from now. We need to take advantage of the leadership that
we have in Mayor Burt and the Council Members we have sitting here today.
I've worked with Ed Shikada, and I'm thrilled that he's leading the Utilities
Department now. I trust that he will do a very diligent job at finding local
solutions. With all the commentary that came before me, it did occur to me
that there is something that we could do, that the Council could do tonight in
addition to voting what the Staff has recommended. That is to take a
portion of the funds that will be collected and allocate those on a best-efforts
basis. I don't know the legal ramifications of Prop 26, but I do know that
there's a universal desire to get the money spent locally. I didn't hear any
dissent to that. At the same time, I heard that we need to stay within a
certain budgetary constraint. That's been set, and I think there was a fair
level that was set. We want to get to zero net emissions. We want to get to
zero net emissions within a certain budget, and we want to try our best to
get local spending. Let's put one more condition onto that list and say let's
try for 25 percent of the spend at the launch of the program to have that
money spent locally while maintaining the other conditions, keeping within
the 10 cents per therm and making sure that we still maintain zero net
emissions. That's the one idea that I will add into the mix. At the very
least, I encourage you to support the proposal before you hopefully with that
one additional idea mixed in. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll return to the Council for discussion and a
Motion. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I also want to thank Jane and everybody
else on Staff who's worked very hard on this. Thank you, everybody from
the public who came out to speak. We definitely hear some disagreement
about the best way to move forward to reduce greenhouse gas emission in
Palo Alto. What's really awesome is that we're having a debate how best to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions in Palo Alto. I'm really proud of that. I
just want to take a second to remark that we're much ahead of many other
communities and sadly ahead of where our incoming national administration
may be. On that note, I do want to point out—I think it was alluded to by
some of the public that the Trump Administration is not going to pay dairy
farmers in Iowa to reduce the methane emissions from their cows. The
Trump Administration is just not going to do that. We can pay them to do
that. That's the idea of offsets. There was some discussion about this at
the Finance Committee. I understand that there's maybe a legitimate
concern that offsets aren't fully priced, and that we still aren't fully capturing
the price of greenhouse gas emissions including methane. It's a step in the
                                                                           Page 40 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/5/16
