                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I understand.

Mayor Burt: ... are not strongly discouraged from getting together and
talking. They should be then subsequently completely transparent with the
CAC. If out of their discussions they think they've got an idea they want to
bring forward, then they say, "Several of us spoke about this, and here's an
idea." Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I fully support the comments by Council Member
Burt, except that I still think that Subcommittees should, if necessary, be
able to meet independently as I moved without a second at a previous
meeting. Given the direction that you have from the Council and the
comment you've just heard from the Mayor which I've supported—these are
just individual comments at this point—do you need a motion in order to
relay message to ...

Male: No.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I also support the comments that were made by
the Mayor. Some of the other comments that I hear and have heard quite a
bit is that if we're going to have representatives, which is maybe a workable
way to do this, to have a joint meeting discussion with CAC members and
the Council. Having those representatives is a great idea. That said, one of
the comments that I have heard several times is that the CAC doesn't take
votes. It seems to me that it would be important for them to take votes,
because it's the culmination of a discussion that they oftentimes talk about
they don't have time to have either. I've heard it several times from a
number of different people. They come in and everybody makes their own
comments, but they don't have the discussion. There isn't like a conclusion
that's arrived at, so there's no vote. When somebody comes to the Council
to represent the CAC's positions, is that a minority view or a majority view
and how would we know if it was both or just one or the other if there's isn't
a vote taken?

Mayor Burt: My experience in both a number of multi-stakeholder advisory
groups and outside of City processes as well as what we had in the South of
Forest Avenue (SOFA) One and SOFA Two that Council Member Holman and
I participated in was a process of consensus building. The group worked
toward a consensus which is not unanimity. You'd have to define roughly
what consensus means. I think that we would not benefit from narrow,
simple majority votes on a stakeholder group that starts off with perhaps
differing viewpoints. What we really want is a group to work toward
consensus. Once they have consensus, that's the vote I would prefer to see.
                                                                        Page 82 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
