                         TRANSCRIPT
is to ensure materials and application thereof are appropriate to the
(inaudible) design and context. Again, I'm a lawyer and nonprofit director.
I'm not an architect. I don't understand what that means. Could somebody
help kind of define that for me?

Ms. French: I'd be happy to try. If you think about, let's say, the word
integral, integral-colored concrete would be the color is melded with the
concrete. When you have integrated materials, instead of being applied
onto the top of something, they would be of a piece ...

Council Member Berman: A part of.

Ms. French: ... part of. The concept of having quality materials that are
integrated rather than tacked on. I think the phrase that was intended was
to say avoid having tacked on, tacky things.

Council Member Berman: Cheap.

Ms. French: integrated gives it that designer terminology for of a piece.

Council Member Berman: Thanks. I think that's it for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm looking at Packet Page 305, that's 7A, Page
2, the proposed Ordinance. I just have a series of questions here. Council
Member Berman addressed a couple of areas that I was concerned with as
well. Also looking at 2A there on Page 2 of Attachment 7A. it says creates
an internal sense of order and desirable environment for occupants, visitors
and the general community. I wanted to clarify does this mean the ARB
regulates—I want to also know—two part question. Does that mean that the
ARB will in Architectural Review mean regulation of the interior design, not
just the exterior?

Ms. French: I'll try to address that. This was not a change from the existing
Findings.

Council Member Wolbach: That was in there before, and I didn't realize it.

Ms. French: That's always been there. That's in the current Ordinance
that's posted online. Internal sense of order and desirable environment for
occupants can mean the onsite—this is kind of the functional wayfinding
across the site. Things relating to each other on ...

Council Member Wolbach: Let me be clear. What I'm looking at with the
presentation slides and whether it's on paper or on the screen and what I'm
                                                                       Page 84 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
