                          TRANSCRIPT
that both projects, after all the analysis, show that there are no levels of
significant impact that prevented the projects from occurring. We're talking
about projects that fit in the context of the site.

Mr. Giannini: Just one point in dealing with the maps and the parcels and
the Subdivision Map Act, when you look at the Subdivision Map Act, it's very
clear that when you're ground leasing commercial property for the purposes
of construction and development, the Subdivision Map Act does not apply,
and the property is exempt. The people from Stanford are here that can
give you much more elaboration. You have to understand the difference
between separate leaseholds and subdivision parcels. The Stanford property
is exempt.

Public Hearing closed at 10:24 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Does Staff have any follow-up comments?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Burt. On the hazardous materials issues
that have been raised, you have in your packet a January 8th letter for
Stanford. There are also mitigation measures in the EIR that Katherine can
speak to further if necessary. One of the speakers suggested that there was
some kind of secret agreement. What we have been talking about as Staff is
clearly articulated in the Staff Report, which is a current and past practice to
treat this lease lines like parcel lines when reviewing for zoning
conformance. We have what we believe is a grandfathered facility. That
section of the Code is clearly operable; although, it's caused by this lease
line and subsequent development of the property facing on California
Avenue, not by a rezoning. The buildings we're talking about replacing on
this site were conforming when constructed.           That gets to the whole
suggestion that this is Manhattanization or somehow completely out of
context. We really have to step back and think. We're talking about
replacing existing square footage in a fully developed area that was intended
for the purpose that it's being proposed for right now. If you had any
further questions about the mitigation measures that we've recommend as
conditions of approval or about the Map Act applicability, I'm sure others can
respond to those.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Why don't we return to the Council for a quick
round of questions, not comments. We'll come back and have comments
and motions. First up is Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: We'll get you later on that. Council Member Kniss.

                                                                          Page 58 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
