                          TRANSCRIPT
design application for a fourth project that was subject to the interim annual
limit. I did want to share and present—I'll bring this up to the Mayor that
the City of Palo Alto Utilities earned a spot on the national top ten utilities
solar list compiled by the Smart Electric Power Alliance (SEPA), otherwise
known as SEPA. SEPA ranked our utility third for the number of watts per
customer installed in 2015. That's third in the nation. In 2015, Palo Alto
saw 1,846 solar electric watts per customer, and a total of 861 photovoltaic
(PV) systems came onto the grid. SEPA's ninth annual survey of solar
activities includes figures for more than 300 utilities across the country. This
is the third time we've made the top ten watts per customer. Just want to—
congratulations to your leadership on the Council and our Staff for delivering
on your objectives in our Utilities Department. On Earth Day, Friday April
22nd, from 10:00 A.M. to 8:00 P.M. Palo Alto's first pop-up parklet is slated
to be shared with our community, on that day, Earth Day, April 22nd. Three
local Palo Alto residents wanted to do something special for Earth Day and
show the City an alternative to parking lots. This little parklet will be on
University Avenue taking two parallel parking spaces right in front of Pete's
Coffee, Lululemon and near Chantal Guillon and Cream in the 400 block of
University. The idea is to roll out green carpet grass, benches, trees, stools
in an Earth Day-inspired activity. We'll also have bike parking in one parking
space. If you're unfamiliar with parklets, here's some background. In 2005,
Rebar Group created International Park(ing) Day to encourage folks to
reclaim parking spaces as mini parks for people. It's since turned into a
worldwide movement. Many cities around the world have done that. It's a
little example of tactical urbanism. Lastly, let me see here if I've got it.
Yes. If you guys could help me. I just want to share tonight's Consent
Agenda includes the third street resurfacing contract to be awarded in Fiscal
Year 2016. Two more—I'll tell you when to switch, David. Two more street
resurfacing contracts will be on the Consent Agenda before your Council
break. One in May, the contract on the FY '16 asphalt overlay paving and, in
June, the 2017 preventive maintenance contract.             With all this work
beginning soon, I wanted to take a moment to acknowledge the progress
we've made since the City made its commitment to improve street
conditions in 2010. This chart shows the annual Street Maintenance Budget
in the green vertical bars and the Citywide Pavement Condition Index, or
PCI, as the yellow or off-white vertical line inching upwards toward the far
right. In 2010, despite the impacts we were all working through in the great
recession, the Council set a goal of improving the City's Pavement Condition
Index from an average of 73 to 85 by 2021. Our PCI of 73 at that time was
lower than many of our neighboring cities, while 85 is considered very good
to excellent. The annual Budget was increased from 1.8 million to 5.1
million per year and has been even higher over a three year period when
we've had some additional funding that we've set aside to allow the repaving
of Alma and Middlefield with rubberized asphalt. Next slide real quickly.
                                                                            Page 5 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
