                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: That's where I am. It's a little misleading when,
from my perspective at least, a map is put up there and it says ideal system.
It sort of seems like it's almost at proposal stage. I understand that's not
what your intention is, but you understand why it leads, at least this Council
Member, down that path. I don't think there's much interest, like I said, in
keeping the Motivate.       It doesn't seem like that's very productive or
profitable. I'd need a whole lot more information that you've heard other
Council Members mention as well before saying do this, not that.

Mayor Burt: Let me just wade in on a few things. First, I like the concept of
having some down in the Baylands for two purposes. One, Council Member
DuBois' reason of having a route from the train stations down to those work
centers. The second is as a beginning and end station for people who might
drive to the Baylands but use them recreationally as a result of the bikes.
As far as the stations in the neighborhoods, I am concerned about using it
for satellite parking for Downtown. On the other hand, people who live in
the neighborhoods, who want to take Caltrain, would take it more if they
had a convenient way to get to the station. They typically are not going to
want to leave their own bikes there. This does go hand in hand with
whether we can provide better bike racks and better security at the Caltrain
stations. That may give us a better alternative there. Josh, you mentioned
that this could be another TDM measure. I actually think that that's one of
the strongest reasons for this, to give us a whole other tool in the TDM
toolbox. We could begin to—whether this is a requirement of all those tools
that we would place on developments as a default or some toolkit remains to
be determined. Also, are all these one-speed bikes? In the SoBi in
particular.

Mr. Mello: They range from three to seven speeds depending on the City's
preference.

Mayor Burt: Good. In our flats, three are probably fine. If we're talking
about serving the Research Park, people are going to maybe want more
speeds. As far as the cost effectiveness, I also would like to see that. As I
recall, when we've looked at the subsidy per shuttle rider, it's actually
considerably higher than this. That's one point of reference; it's not the only
one. Higher than, I should say, what we would with the large-scale SoBi.
How soon would a SoBi system be able to come online here?

Mr. Mello:       I would hazard—optimistically, I would say a year, but
realistically a year and a half to two years, I would say. I think we could get
a small system in place relatively quickly, but the entire 35-station system
would take a little while.


                                                                         Page 19 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
