                         TRANSCRIPT
whether you want to adopt the alternate vision statement as opposed to
what we adopted last year. Canopy in south Palo Alto is actually an analysis
that we are nearing completion on. We have some pretty exciting results.
We've identified nearly 24,000 vacant planting sites in south Palo Alto. Most
of those are on private property, however. Through the results of our
community survey, we have discovered that at least 50 percent of our
respondents in south Palo Alto saw no impediment to planting new trees. I
think we have a receptive population to increasing our tree population, and
that could provide a lot of opportunities for public-private partnership,
enhancing information and education going to property owners in south Palo
Alto, and achieving some very substantial outcomes that are consistent with
our Sustainability/Climate Action Plan and our Comp Plan. I'm not going to
dwell on agricultural landscaping too much. There are some enhanced
programs and language added to some of our existing programs. Again, we
will be adding some language into the landscape technical manual. I did
mention that the environmental stakeholder groups were here, and we still
have a couple of representatives. I hope that hearing their comments will
assure you that we did involve the community to a large extent. We did
listen to what they had to say. Their opinions are reflected in this updated
goals, policies and programs document that you have. The second edition
does have some cost and benefits associated with it. We have not gone
through a detailed development of an implementation plan like we did with
the adopted Plan yet. We are awaiting Council's feedback before we do that.
There are some rough estimates for some of the projects that we think will
be more substantial, such as creation of the landscape technical manual.
Those are in the Staff Report. I think it is important to note that we do have
a good analysis of our street tree population. It continues to increase the
amount of benefits to the community on an annual basis. This last year,
with updated modeling numbers, we have discovered that our street trees
alone are returning about $18 million in benefits on an annual basis. We
extrapolate that to the entire urban forest, you can see that those are
substantial benefits provided to the community either that you are not
paying for, because we're taking care of our urban forest in a way that
provides those benefits, or it's generating additional revenues such as
property tax revenue, sales tax revenue, hotel occupancy. There's a long
list of benefits supported by research. Some of the key issues that we want
to call your attention to are the role of urban forestry. I want to tell you a
synopsis of the recommendations in the second edition that urban forestry
needs to be integrated with many programs in the City, not just the natural
element of the Comprehensive Plan, but broadly into many aspects of
economic development, of public health, of quality of life. Hopefully your
feedback is going to give us direction on how we provide the information
necessary to inform Staff in not only the Public Works Department, but all
the City departments to integrate key content into future Staff Reports.
                                                                       Page 96 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
