                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't understand what you mean you don't have Staff.
It's basically the City Attorney just needs to draft the ordinance. What do
you need Staff to do?

Mr. Sartor: At this point, if the City Attorney is ready to move forward on an
ordinance, we can support that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't think the City Attorney's been ...

Mayor Burt: Let's find out what is really the hold up.

Mr. Keene: Just as a prelude, the Staff who have been working on this from
Public Works side are the same Staff who have been working on the sea
level rise issue, who have been working on the recycled water issue. It just
happens to be who they are. Whether or not they're necessary or not is a
different issue. From Mike's point of view, those folks have been on these
other things.

Mayor Burt: I guess it's a question of are next steps in the hands of Public
Works or City Attorney's Office.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. Molly Stump, City Attorney. We
had a changeover in our Staff person on this project as well. I will need to
go back and check. As I recall, there were several different policy items
under this topic, including some cooperative work with the County, which I
understand is moving slowly and is dependent on the County. There was a
multifamily piece where the Council had perhaps directed some regulation. I
will go back and check as to whether it's simply a drafting item, in which
case we can move that forward. Usually on a complex regulatory matter like
this, where we're impacting third-party behavior, we don't work in isolation
on the eighth floor. We work very closely with our partners, our subject
matter experts and certainly our folks who would need to do administration
and enforcement so that we make sure we draft something that's effective.
We will need to draw on Staff, but we can circle back and get you more
information about our ability to move forward on that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like to put that in the parking lot. What I'd like to
do is just see how we can move this forward.

Mr. Sartor: I'd just like to add, as Molly just mentioned, we are working
with the County on the licensing issue for tobacco. That is going slower than
we had expected.      In fact, in talking with Phil Bobel about this this
afternoon, about whether it should be red or yellow, it could have been
yellow, recognizing that the licensing piece of this is moving forward. It's

                                                                       Page 48 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
