                          TRANSCRIPT
plan. I volunteered to be on the Sustainability Committee because I think
it's important that nature does come through. I don't know that we really
need one. I think that all of us are taking care as we work through this that
sustainability is there and we're also looking to integrate all those other
plans into it, the Urban Forest Master Plan and the Parks Master Plan. All
those things have reference. I don't know that we need a sustainability
overlay because we have so many other ones. Frankly, we don't have time
to go through all of these things; we just don't. I have a job to do as well,
and I'm a volunteer, and I do as much as I can on this. I'm sure everybody
else here is limited in time and every one of those committees takes time
and effort. It might be better to just have the general plan and then invest
some time in those other planning processes. To Karen's questions about
Healthy City and arts and culture, I think those were answered. About the
LOS and VMT, I agree. About creating flexibility over time, I think that is
important, and I don't know just how—we are being quite prescriptive here.
That's part of the nature of planning, I think, in many ways. I'm not sure
how to build flexibility, but I'll be thinking about it moving forward. Part of
what I think is, whether we're looking at impacts or what's happening to the
City, do we really want to just look at impacts knowing that a lot of them
cannot be fully mitigated or do we want to say, "How do we not lose our
trees or not lose our small City feel and yet achieve what we want to achieve
in terms of growth or no growth." I don't want to get too much into that
right now. The question of the directions from Council and the EIR and the
appropriateness of doing an EIR at this stage. I'm going to read something
from CEQA Guidelines, Title 14 and so on, about project description and why
this confuses me so much. Project description, the State Court of Appeal
declared that an accurate, stable, finite project description is an essential
element of any formative and legally sufficient EIR under CEQA. What I’m
expecting to see—I comment on so many of those documents through my
job—I'm looking for a stable job project description which means a preferred
alternative that you have all discussed with the CAC's support and came up
with a final plan with alternatives that can be discussed and that the public
can actually provide good comments on. Right now, it's a planning process,
and I support this planning process. I think it's wonderful, but I don't think
it can provide a CEQA document because there is still not—just like Staff
said, it's a fluid process. They're looking for input. The final result will come
out of that input. That's not a CEQA process; it's not exactly legal. How do
you do that? You do a planning study now with all those alternatives and
have people participate and have comments provided. Then, select an
alternative that moves forward and so that we the public can provide really
meaningful comments. Right now, we'll have to comment on everything.
That's not very helpful and not fair to people who are trying to provide
constructive comments. It's too much. Also, after 30 or 60 days, that's it,
no more comments. Then, we have to wait until everything is finished. How
                                                                              Page 74 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
