                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: That's putting it a different way. My question
really had a different thrust to it. If we were going to open College Terrace,
for instance, because it's closed three days a week, would the best day to
open it be Thursday or Sunday, for instance?

Chair Loy: I see, best day to open.

Council Member Holman: Do you have any records on what the biggest
visitation days are at the other libraries?

Chair Loy: I see.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Actually, we have the ability to look at—to do
two different things. One is check circulation records per hour. We can look
at—in some cases we do sampling of attendance. College Terrace, I don't
believe has a door counter at this point. It's getting the plugs in the right
place. You've got two entrances, the same as Rinconada. Yes, we can get
to that information and track the use for all libraries by day, by hour and
figure out what the attendance would be. Of course, we can't guess would
more people come to College Terrace on Sunday as opposed to Thursday
unless we just ask the community and did a survey. If it were possible,
what day would you be more likely to visit? We do seem to get a lot of
people who walk over from businesses and companies in that area. The
question is, is there a balance and how do we satisfy that.

Council Member Holman: I'll wrap it up with this, because I'm sure other
colleagues have questions too. I'm just wondering if it would be better to be
open on a Thursday, because as you say there's the business community
that's not very far away and also there's a daycare right there adjoining it.
Does that also prompt people to come and maybe stay longer? When you
come back with that information or report back with that information maybe
through the City Manager or whatever, also what the cost would be to open
on that additional Thursday, for instance.

Don McDougall, Library Advisory Commission Vice Chair: I'll try answering
that. We've talked to Monique about doing a survey because it's not just
College Terrace. When you talk to somebody who lives in Midtown, they
want to know why that library isn't open until 10:00 P.M. at night or
whatever. We've recommended that we try and do a survey. Monique has
talked about trying to do a survey that would give us better information.
What we do know is it costs about $700 an hour to keep the Library open. If
we upped all libraries to fundamentally being open seven days a week and to
9:00 P.M. or even 10:00 P.M., the $9 million budget that Monique has now
would end up being about $1 million more. We don't think that's sustainable
in the long run if there's risk of a downturn. We're trying to figure out the
                                                                       Page 10 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
