                         TRANSCRIPT
knew Ellen Fletcher; I love the idea. I watch people go by my house; that's
great. This plan needs, before we throw a lot of money at it, because we're
going to hire a consultant, let's have Staff do some final work. Yes, the RPP
in Phase 2 is changing the parking dichotomy. We've got a little more
space, but we don't have any data yet because enforcement is still catching
with the whole program. I would say that, yes, we need to do this plan. I
support the bicycling but not yet until we get some more work done in terms
of outreach to the people that are affected. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Celine Heck, to be followed by
Stefan Heck. Welcome.

Celine Heck: Hello. My name is Celine Heck; I'm nine years old and go to
Addison Elementary. I love to bike, especially to my school. However, I
think that biking can be scary occasionally because the lanes are not
continuous and sometimes have intrusions by cars or garbage bins. There
also are not always marked out clearly which, from what I saw one time,
almost caused an accident. I really, really like biking, not just to school.
Please support bike lanes. You might already have kids or you might have
kids one day, but either way I would assume you'd want them to be safe.
That's a good reason for bike lanes if they love to bike. It would make
things safer for all of us. My friends and I love to bike, and that's how we
get around to each other's houses. Sometimes it's unsafe, and I see cars
whipping past, and I can't ever get across. Sometimes it's a little bit too
small, and there are a bunch of bikers. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Stefan Heck to be followed by Shannon McEntee. I
don't know you're going to top that.

Stefan Heck: I'm not going to top that. She did write that herself; I had no
hand in it. I'm Stefan Heck; we live on Bryant Street. I've been a resident
since 1988. I'm here to challenge the Bike Plan not because of “Not in My
Backyard” (NIMBY) and not wanting improvements in our backyard and our
street, because we already have RPP zoning that requires two off-street
parking spaces. The RPP plan has taken care of your third, fourth, fifth and
sixth car and is actually working quite well. Not because of some inchoate
fear that paint might actually diminish housing value. If you look at the data
of bike studies—this has been done in Omaha, Seattle, Portland, Colorado
and in most detail in Delaware—shows an increase of up to six percent in
housing value. At Palo Alto housing prices, that's a damn good return, I
have to say, and we should do it. As a professor at Stanford and as a Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) of a startup that employs 26 people here in Palo
Alto, half of whom I'm proud to say bike or take Caltrain to work, there's
another old-fashioned reason which is you should look at the data. What the

                                                                       Page 41 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
