                         TRANSCRIPT
is about high-quality materials. Fourth is about functionality. The fifth is
about landscaping, and the sixth is about green building sustainability. We
basically wanted to recapture key aspects of the existing findings and the
purpose section that's found in the Architectural Review Chapter 18.76. We
added some key verbiage to clarify and enhance the public's understanding.
We do recommend the Council adopt these findings that were presented
back in December of 2015 and continued for further analysis. We think that
they will facilitate easier review, reduce writing and reading fatigue and
improve our analysis for the public and allow them to understand what we're
doing here with our Architectural Review projects.        If there are any
questions, we're here to answer those. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll first go to—one, I want to open the public
hearing at this time, then go to the Council for any questions before turning
to members of the public for their comments, and then returning to us for
discussion and Motion. Council Member Holman.

Public Hearing opened at 7:19 P.M.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much for bringing this forward.
You're right in your comments, Amy, that we have received a number of
comments from the public, from the Council. Very likely you hear more
from the applicants than we do about better clarity and better
understanding. More easily understandable findings would be helpful. I
appreciate all of that. One of the questions I have is the purpose of the
ARB—I know Jonathan and I had a couple of conversations maybe earlier.
Is the purpose of the ARB, is that possibly to be considered or could be
considered this evening? Is the item agendized in such a way that we could,
should we want to?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you. Cara Silver, Senior
Assistant City Attorney. The matter is broad enough to address anything in
18.76; however, if you make changes to the ordinance, we would have to
assess whether that would require an additional first reading of the
ordinance. If those changes are substantive, then we would recommend
another first reading.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. If you can help us understand—so we
do have the Context Based Criteria that are applicable to CN, CC and CS
zoning districts. Those are pretty clear and pretty comprehensive. Not 100
percent, but they're pretty comprehensive. If you read through this—this is
my personal perspective. If you read through those and look at the kinds of
projects that we get, it seems like there's an inconsistency. If these are
applicable to those zones, why do our projects not better reflect this design

                                                                         Page 9 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/11/16
