                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Yes. I wanted to offer—I'll try them as one Motion
and see how they go. One is to direct Staff to return with—I guess it would
be a Code change to apply Individual Review to single-story projects in
Professorville.   It's the first bullet that is on the next steps Staff
presentation. Do you all understand that somebody can go in and demolish
anything in Professorville?

Mayor Burt: You've stated it about four times tonight, so I think we got
that. Do you want that as the Motion or did you have two parts to the
Motion?

Council Member Holman: The other part of it would be to direct Staff to
return with—if there seems to be a necessity for a definition of demolition, to
return with that so that we can address the current demolitions that are
occurring in Professorville.

Mayor Burt: I will second that Motion.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
direct Staff to return with:

A.    A Zoning Code change to apply Individual Review (IR) to single-story
      homes in Professorville; and

B.    A definition of demolition.

Council Member Holman: You're accepting "A" and "B," seconding "A" and
"B"?

Mayor Burt: That's the way it's written.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Do you want to speak to your Motion further?

Council Member Holman: I think I have. I appreciate the second.

Mayor Burt: I'd like to request a modification to the Motion. The way it's
written currently it seems to imply that the decision has been made on each
of these things. I'd prefer if we say "Staff to return to the Council with draft
language for Council consideration regarding." Would that be acceptable?

Council Member Holman: Absolutely.




                                                                         Page 70 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
