                          TRANSCRIPT
Rec Commission on defining what those policies are going to be. Examples
of those are the policies related to dog parks and restrooms. At this time,
I'm going to turn it over to Daren Anderson, who's going to provide a little
bit more information on that.

Daren Anderson, Open Space and Parks Division Manager: Good evening.
One of the gaps in our park system that we've known about for many years
is dog parks. We only have three dog parks. They're all located in the
south, and two of them are too small. Several years ago, the Parks and
Recreation Commission adopted a policy directing Staff to look to add a dog
park any time we did a park renovation Capital Improvement Program (CIP)
project. Unfortunately, that policy didn't result in any new dog parks. The
Commission and Staff continued to look at alternatives to provide these off-
leash opportunities. One that we looked at very closely was this shared-use
model. The idea being you could take a fenced-off baseball field and for
certain, limited hours of the day it could serve as a dog park, and then back
for the baseball users. When we reached out to the community and started
discussing this, we found that it didn't satisfy the needs of the dog users nor
did it meet the needs and desires of the athletic field users. During the
Parks Master Plan, Staff and the Commission took a different approach, a far
more comprehensive look at every single park in Palo Alto including our
green spaces, non-parkland, to say could these serve as a viable dog park
that would meet our needs. The goal was to identify multiple locations at
least a quarter acre in size and equitably distributed in north and south Palo
Alto. We came up with a list of 11 possible locations. It's important to note
that these 11 sites aren't recommendations that we build dog parks at all of
them. Rather, the policy calls for pursuing at least six dedicated dog parks.
These are potential sites that could be used to address these gaps. There
are still funding questions, and there's still quite a bit of community outreach
that would be necessary before we proceeded with any of these projects. I
should also note that the Parks and Recreation Commission, as referenced in
your Commission memo in your Staff Report, is particularly interested in
pursuing a dog park in the nearer term in advance of completing the Master
Plan. The other policy I'd like to share with you is about the restrooms.
Much like dog parks, park restrooms have been and continue to be a highly
desired amenity. For several years, we had an ongoing capital improvement
project to add a park restroom every other year. It was defunded when we
started our work on the Parks Master Plan, with the thought being this is our
time to do all this outreach and analysis on our system. We can really fine
tune and learn exactly where these restrooms are desired and should be
placed. The criteria we used in discerning which is the best locations for
these restrooms included whether the size of the park was appropriate for a
restroom—we went off the example of being approximately two acres or
larger for the size—whether it had the amenities that encouraged people to
                                                                          Page 4 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
