                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I don't really have much in the way of other comments,
other than to say I do have the question to Staff and colleagues if the
"aesthetically holistic design of massing" should be in Number 2 or Number
3 as Board Member Lew had suggested. Of course, look to the Mayor about
the drought-resistant plants. Any other comments. One thing that is not
part of this Motion, but something that I think the Council maybe ought to
consider—I don't think it would be within tonight's purview.         Just a
comment, I guess. In looking at how projects come to the City Council, we
rely on—because the ARB has very broad purview and very large projects go
before it that never does the Council see or the Planning Commission,
perhaps we ought to think about, as a future item, whether the Council has
some kind of call-up that it can entertain rather than relying on members of
the public expending their financial resources and personal resources to get
something to come to the Council. That's just a comment.

Council Member Kniss:      Pat, could I ask a question of the maker of the
Motion?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Kniss: Karen, on first blush, so called, this looks like it's ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry, Council Member Kniss.            We need to allow the
seconder to speak and then come to members.

Council Member Kniss:     I just have a clarification to make when the time
comes.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: There's substantial new language. What caught
my attention were just some key words that have been inserted. In an
introductory sentence, the "minimum of each of the following." On two, the
insertion of "outwardly" is an important addition. A few lines down, the
insertion of "size and mass." A few lines down from that, the "unity of the
street." Under Number 2, "width and spacing" seems to me to be important.
In three, the focus on windows, bays and doorways is a critical issue. In
Number 5, entryways, being specific about that. Finally in Number 5, the
term "habitat." I think each of those adds a critical element that would be
helpful for the ARB and the public.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Once again, now that we've clarified compatible. In
this context where it is used—I've now just lost my spot where it is. Where
                                                                           Page 24 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/11/16
