                         TRANSCRIPT
actually its purpose. Pre-screenings before the City Council are scheduled at
the request of the developer and applicant, and not because City Staff or the
Council have expressed a desire to pursue the proposal at any given site.
The City's Municipal Code allows a developer or property owner to request
initial feedback from Council Members on legislative changes, in other words
zoning changes potentially, on land use or other major projects. The intent
of the prescreening session is to allow Council Members and members of the
public to offer comments in a format similar to that of a Study Session. No
formal action is taken. Based on the testimony, the applicant gets a sense
as to how their proposal may be received by the community and the City
and whether it is worth pursuing or if modifications are necessary. There is
not really a discretion that is exercised by the City on these proposals as it
relates to them coming forward. I think that's important to clarify. On the
subject of the Professorville Design Guidelines, on May 2nd the Planning
Staff posted a public review draft of the Professorville Design Guidelines on
the City's website for review and comment. We also mailed postcard notices
inviting all Professorville property owners and residents to review the draft
guidelines and provide comments over a two month timeframe. Planning
Staff will provide information, answer questions and receive feedback at a
public meeting tentatively planned for May 26, and Historic Resources Board
Meetings on June 9th and July 14th. The Staff is targeting September for
Council review and adoption of the Professorville Historic Design Guidelines.
The draft guidelines project schedule and other information can be found on
the Professorville Design Guidelines webpage on the City's website,
cityofpaloalto.org/gov/departments, and then you can find your way to it
from there. Did you want me to continue, Mr. Mayor? Are you ready to ...

Mayor Burt: Clerk need a little more time?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: We have two of them back, and then we can finish
while he finishes, if you'd like.

Mr. Keene:      I'll keep talking then. Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) transit service changes. VTA will be hosting a community
meeting in Palo Alto Wednesday, next Wednesday, May 18th at Rinconada
Library, to discuss their next network initiative.        VTA or the Valley
Transportation Authority has engaged a consultant to review existing routes
and make recommendations for future routing and scheduling resulting in
the development of three concept maps for public review and comment.
Two of the concepts proposed would significantly reduce VTA bus service in
Palo Alto including one concept that would eliminate all routes except for the
22 and 522 buses along El Camino Real. This meeting will provide an
important opportunity for our community to review their proposed concepts
and provide very necessary local feedback. More information is available on
                                                                        Page 4 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
