                          TRANSCRIPT
nearby Middlefield area, subsequently beyond that, Cal. Ave. and elsewhere.
If this is successful, we'll want to do it more, but it will require the funding.
As we go with more significant funding, we'll look at what would be the
governance that would track with what the funding sources are. I do
support expanding the TMA boundaries. At the outset, I think SOFA should
be included. There was questions about traffic counting. I'm enthusiastic
about trip caps in areas where you can monitor them effectively. Stanford
Research Park and perhaps the East Bayshore, I don't see how we'd do that
in the Downtown. Even though that might be an ideal, it's not practical in
my mind for this location. Council Member DuBois also had a concern
because of what level of mode shift Stanford had had. I think the math is
not being done correctly there. We have a 30 percent reduction in single
occupancy vehicles. Our current SOV rate is what? Fifty. That is an
overall—if it's 55, it's an 18 percent mode shift. It's not a 30 percent mode
shift. It's 30 percent of 55. When we look at Stanford, I believe they were
looking at the shift of the totality of their commuters. Points were well
taken. Stanford, both in the Research Park and on campus and at the
hospital, are very well funded. They've shown with good funding these
programs can be successful. With the good funding, the best designed
program is not going to work. Council Member Schmid was talking about
legal enforcement. I don't get how that would work. What would be the
legal mechanism to enforce that people were participating properly? We
don't have those levers nor ones that I can envision other than what we've
done in Residential Permit Parking. That's the most effective ordinance
impact on this. As long as there's free parking in the neighborhoods, it'll be
very hard to get people to shift their modes. Conversely, because we have
that, we're seeing a lot more recognition and interest. We had Chop Keenan
come forward, and he is now supporting metered parking Downtown. I can
tell you from discussions with him over many years, that is a tidal shift.
There are changes that are occurring, and some of these are really because
of the RPP program. On the one hand, I'm very encouraged that we've got
something before us that is really substantial and a model that could be
potentially expanded throughout other areas of the City. The nut is the
funding. Council Member DuBois, did you have something that you wanted
to offer in terms of an amendment?

Council Member DuBois: I did. I know it's late. I'm pretty sure my math
was correct, but I'll let that one go. I guess a third option to explore—I
agree we need mandatory tools—would be if project approvals could require
payment into the TMA. I'd like to propose an amendment to Agreement
Item Number 6, reporting requirements. To have it end with "including
quantitative measures that include performance monitoring, measuring the
percentage change in SOV, and cost per employee mode shift."

                                                                              Page 85 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
