                         TRANSCRIPT
looked at having a separate Net Energy Metering program with fixed charges
that would eliminate the subsidy. This is no better for solar than our current
proposal, and it also introduces some of the inequities that you could get
from fixed charges. Different-sized customers have different impacts on the
system, so having one uniform fixed charge for all those customers can
introduce some inequities. The last one is actually a buy all sell all. It's
called a value of solar tariff. This is something that we heard some pretty
negative feedback about early on from the solar industry. This requires
some separate metering, and it compensates all energy generated at that 7
1/2 cent rate. It doesn't allow you to use any of the energy onsite, which
definitely decreases the value quite a bit. It also introduces some additional
metering costs to the customer, so we chose not to go down that road.
That's our proposal. As far as the transition goes, we're proposing to
grandfather the customers that are already within the Net Energy Metering
cap. Customers that have already installed solar systems already have Net
Energy Metering. Those customers would get a full 20-year period to
recover the value of the solar systems they installed. Those customers can
modestly expand their systems and still remain eligible. Implementation of
this program is actually pretty urgent. We're expecting that the Net Energy
Metering capacity could be fully reserved in the next 3-6 months. We do
need some time to actually get this program implemented. This is partially
why we started over a year ago and tried to seek as much feedback as we
possibly could. We'll be doing a lot of outreach to existing customers as well
as to customers that we know are looking to actively consider solar and
outreach to the installer community. For those customers, we plan to set up
a program to make sure that there's an equitable reservation system for the
remaining capacity in the Net Energy Metering program and also provide
calculators and guidance to installers who are looking at the new successor
program as well. That's it. This is the Motion that we're requesting, the
proposal we're requesting that you adopt. I really believe we've put a lot of
thought into this program, and I really believe it's going to maintain—it's
achieved the goals that we set for this program. I think it's one more way—
eventually Net Energy Metering is something that's going to end throughout
California. I think this is one way that Palo Alto can show leadership in
showing what the future can look like.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. If that concludes the Staff Report, we can go to
the Council for any technical questions before hearing from members of the
public. So far I have four speaker cards. If anybody else would like to
speak, please bring a card forward. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Thanks very much. I'm an enthusiastic supporter
of the program until I got to the next-to-last page on your document. On
Packet Page 275, it has the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) Minutes.
                                                                       Page 18 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
