                         TRANSCRIPT
and Open Space Master Plan; Downtown parking garage; Business Registry;
fiber to the premise, I'll note there that wireless was separate from fiber to the
premise, so that was a little dilemma; CEQA transportation analysis; Cubberley
Master Plan; California Avenue parking garage; the bike bridge across 101;
airplane noise; and Project Safety Net. That's kind of informative. I'll keep this
here, because people may want to ask for reminders on which those were.
Now, I guess we have to figure out have we—I'm not sure how much more
discussion we can have on these. This was informative. We went through an
exercise. We could go into the next two hours debating whether one of those
should have gone up or down or sideways or whatever. If colleagues want to
kind of at a high level give any quick comments on what we just had as
feedback, that'd be great. We also have kind of a need to discuss how we will
contend with the reconciliation between the work that Staff would do and the
Priorities that we have for projects. Finally, how these topics might fold into
special meetings of different sorts. We kind of have three things to yet do in
the next hour. Council Member Holman, then Filseth.

Female: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: That was within that reconciliation between our project Priorities
and Staff work plan and capacity. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Are you saying I have an hour?

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Council Member Holman: You're saying I have an hour? I'm just kidding. I do
like that we got this list. We're not going to get through it today. It seems to
me we ought to have maybe a Committee of the Whole meeting or something
like that. There were, as you mentioned Mayor, there were some things that
seemed to be redundant or so closely related to each other there could be some
of those that got three and three, so they didn't make this list. I guess there
needs to be some clarification, for me anyway—maybe other Council Members
will weigh in—about what got on the list and maybe some others that didn't,
then also maybe what some of these projects really are.              There was
redundancy or seemed like split projects.

Mayor Burt: Can I suggest that—if I might interject. Maybe for our Committee
as a Whole, one of the things we'd want Staff to do is look at how maybe some
of these can be grouped that was there. That would help us.

Council Member Holman: And maybe how the voting would come out if they
were grouped.

Mayor Burt: Right.
                                                                         Page 60 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
