                          TRANSCRIPT
any further, I'm providing you that opportunity to do so. If you don't, that's
fine. Then, we'll go to the public, and then we'll come back to the Council.

Council Member Wolbach: That sounds good.

Mayor Burt: I see no lights, but I don't have speaker cards, do I? This
group up here. Sorry. We have a lot of speakers. It's a late hour. First, I'll
just encourage people to be as succinct as we have not been. Each speaker
will have up to 2 minutes to speak. Our first speaker is Bonnie Packer, to be
followed by Alice Smith. Welcome.

Bonnie Packer: Good evening again, Mayor Burt, Council Members. I'm
Bonnie Packer, President of the League of Women Voters of Palo Alto. I
want to say that the League of Women Voters at the national, State and
local levels believes that no person or group should suffer legal, economic or
administrative discrimination and that due process should be afforded to all
persons including the right to a fair hearing, a right to counsel, right of
appeal, and a right to humane treatment. For these reasons, the League of
Women Voters of Palo Alto urges you to adopt the resolution of the Council
of the City of Palo Alto to affirm Palo Alto's commitment to a diverse,
supportive, inclusive and protective community. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Anyone else who wishes to speak needs to bring a
card forward at this time. Alice Smith to be followed by Valerie Stinger.
Welcome.

Alice Smith: I'm very pleased to be here to speak on this. I'm happy that
Cory came out with what he's done. I sent a resolution to you all two weeks
ago, which was the San Francisco resolution, which is perhaps a little more
specific. However, I'd like you to also go to the business community in Palo
Alto, to the entire community that supports Palo Alto to encourage that no
person in Palo Alto will be asked to sign any register based on their national
origin, on their religion, on their sex, on whether or not they take abortion
seriously or not, whether they support the environment or any other cause.
We live in America. I want you to be encouraging every person to vote. I
want you to make sure that citizens are recognized. I want you to support
undocumented. I want you to support the police practices, which are
outstanding. If you look at the Palo Alto Police procedures, they do not ask
such questions as what is your citizenship. They go investigate what the
crime or the reason they've been called. They do not take into account what
your citizenship is. I encourage the City to continue all those policies and to
go further, to make sure that no one in Palo Alto will ever be discriminated
on the basis of race, religion, color, creed and all of us have the right to
assemble, that we have the right of free speech, that we support our press,

                                                                         Page 98 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
