                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Not to be too preemptive, but I would actually like
to move the Staff recommendation which you see here, which includes the
CEQA exemption, the concept plans and also the contract with Alta Planning.
I'm going to guess that included in this, Josh, you would also like to have
approve professional services contract that's on the following page. I'm
looking at Page 1 of the Packet. I'm at Packet Page 274. It looks to me as
though you want to include adopt and approve the professional services
contract. Is that correct? It's Numbers 1, 2 and 3.

Mr. Mello: Not "3." "3" is in the next section of the presentation.

Council Member Kniss: You don't want "3" now. Moving we adopt the one
that's on the screen at this point.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION:     Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to:

A.    Adopt a California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) exemption and
      approve the Concept Plan for the Bryant Street Update; and

B.    Approve professional services Contract Number C16163533 with Alta
      Planning + Design, Inc. in the amount of $824,542 for a period of one
      year for the preparation of plans, specifications and estimates for the
      Amarillo Avenue-Moreno Avenue, Bryant Street Update, Louis Road-
      Montrose Avenue, and Ross Road bicycle boulevard projects.

Council Member Kniss: May I speak briefly?

Mayor Burt: You may.

Council Member Kniss: We've heard lots of really good comments tonight. I
think the one that still moves me the most, not that I don't love everyone
riding to work and everyone who gets around and enjoys Palo Alto on a bike,
I think the biggest impact is on kids going to school. There is no question,
even though tonight I didn't see the figures adding up to quite the same
numbers, if you are anywhere close to Bryant in the morning or North
California, which happens to be the area I live in, you would get run over by
the bicycles. I simply wouldn't go in that direction. That's I would hope
would happen; you really want everyone riding to school. You can see the
bike cages are filled. I think that makes one of the biggest differences in our
community, this change from the year '99 to 2000 to taking up this plan and
moving kids around the City in a comfortable way. I think Stefan Heck's
daughter said it so well tonight. If you're that articulate when you're nine
                                                                        Page 48 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
