                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Perez: I don't believe so. The Baylands Interpretive Center?

Council Member DuBois: Is that an historical building?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, if you know the answer.

Council Member Holman: I do not believe that there's been a determination
about that building. When the—maybe Hillary would know. I don't think
that building was evaluated. It's very possible it is, but I don't think it's
been determined.

Council Member DuBois: I look at it as we're paying money to maintain a
City-owned building. I do have an Amendment. I think the second part of
this, the EV asked that they be released from the construction obligations. I
think we should add that to the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Burt: That would need to be added to either the Substitute Motion or
the primary Motion if and when we return to that.

Council Member DuBois: For the Substitute Motion, I'd like to add a Point C
to release EV partners from the construction obligation. That's it actually.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Substitute
Motion, “release EV from the construction obligation.” (New Part C)

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Speaking to the Substitute Motion, a couple of
things. One, we do have an Ordinance on the books. To abandon it, it
seems to me like it would be a broader discussion rather than just changing
what we're doing, what our process is. This was already approved in the
past, which doesn't obligate us to do it. At the same time, we do have the
Ordinance in place that is specifically for City-owned buildings. As to TDRs
being sold for another City-owned building involving a nonprofit, no but City-
owned buildings have sold TDRs before. The Children's Library is one, and
there are TDRs available to be sold off the College Terrace Library. I'm
going to be offering an Amendment to the Substitute which would apply to
either the Substitute Motion or the primary Motion, if that's okay. For "B" in
this Motion or "D" in the prior Motion, to direct Staff to work with the Parks
and Recreation Commission to identify a site and a funding source.

Mayor Burt: At this time, it'll have to be just to the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Holman: Yes, but just to save time in case it goes back to
the original. Again, for me it's like yes, we made the obligation. We have
                                                                             Page 18 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
