                          TRANSCRIPT
their best to find, and they go through 60 stores. None of them—either too
small or too big. They might land on one that's willing to come. I hope that
you will find you have one very soon. I urge that everybody support them,
have patience, and not to raise the fine. That's doing nothing for them.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Cheryl Tsui, to be followed by
John Tze.

Cheryl Tsui: Hi, good evening, Mr. Mayor and all the Honorable Council
Members. My name is Cheryl Tsui. I'm here to tell you how much I will
appreciate a grocery store in my neighborhood and also how much I
appreciate the convenience we have after the opening of Edgewood Plaza. I
live at 569 Patricia Lane, which is about 2,100 steps from the Plaza. I walk
there every day. Right now, I walk to the Plaza to get my coffee, my bagel.
I can do my little banking there.         We even have a quality Chinese
restaurant. We didn't have that 15 years ago, 10 years or even five years
ago. We started to have this about two years ago. I really enjoy it. Of
course, I miss Fresh Market and, of course, I know how wonderful it is to
have a grocery store in my neighborhood. I tried to look at the other side of
the story. I understand it might be a little bit challenging to run a grocery
store in the neighborhood. I remember there was a Miki Farm, a little
grocery store, on Alma. It closed down about a little while after. Like the
people who speak just said, the space at the Plaza for grocery is
comparatively small. Maybe the big guy would not be interested in coming
in. I think personally it would be perfect size for something like Trader Joe's
or Molly Stone, but I'm not sure they want to have another store in the City.
It is very challenging. In conclusion, as a resident I think we should be a
little patient. I rather wait for a good one. I think we all deserve a good
quality little market in the area. I think maybe we should give a little time
to the Plaza to find a good one. Thanks a lot for your attention.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is John Tze, to be followed by
Carla Carvalho.

John Tze: Good evening, Honorable Mayor and members of the Council. My
name is John Tze, Sand Hill Property Company, Menlo Park. I'm truly
disappointed it's taking so long to fill the Fresh Market space, but I'm not
entirely surprised. Nobody here was involved, but the first time around it
took years before we found the Fresh Market and brought them to Edgewood
with the help of our neighbors. Some of that was community involvement
with Edgewood Eats. There were a lot of things when that blighted center
was there that we could do. The Fresh Market has hundreds of stores. Last
year, (inaudible) closed all their California locations. They had seven at one

                                                                         Page 19 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
