                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss, I know you spoke on this particular
subject earlier. If you want to speak again on the amendment, go ahead.

Council Member Kniss: I'll speak that I'm going to support the amendment.
I doubt that it will pass. I will support it. I support what the Vice Mayor just
said. We're going from tripling it to doubling it. It's pretty questionable, but
I will be supporting it.

Mayor Burt: Please vote. That fails on a 5-3 vote with Council Members
Wolbach, Scharff and Kniss voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-5 Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach yes

Council Member Wolbach: I do have a couple more amendments to offer.
I'll try and make them really quick.      I'd like to—hopefully a friendly
amendment for market-rate single-family attached that we reduce the fee
from—instead of the $50 that we adopt a fee of $35 per square foot.

Mayor Burt: I don't hear a …

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to add to the Motion, “set the fee for market rate single family
attached to $35 per square foot with a reevaluation after one year.”

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff. Do you need to speak to that?

Council Member Wolbach: Nope.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff, you need to speak to it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll speak just briefly. I don't really want to incentivize
rental housing over market-rate housing. I want them both to be on an
equal playing field, I think. I think this is probably a good idea. I was also
struck when Leslye said we should probably start at $25 and move it up. I
would like to reevaluate this after a year. Would you put that in the
amendment, that we could reevaluate where that fee should be? If we
decide to phase it in.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm fine with that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a quick question to Director Gitelman. Isn't
this one where you said—I shouldn't ask it that way. Is this one where you
                                                                          Page 75 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
