                          TRANSCRIPT
water. It would be paid for in the ratio that their capacity allocations are.
What is that in practical terms? Right now, there's just two partners using
the water, Palo Alto and Mountain View. Their capacity allocations are one
million gallons for Palo Alto and three million gallons for Mountain View. If
we have to do a upgrade after 2035, this spells out how to do it. If we have
to do something before 2035, we'll have to work out a special agreement to
do that unless it's a minor cost. We can get into more detail on that if you'd
like. The situation to 2035 is covered in our Basic Agreement. Tonight's
extension makes it clear what happens after 2035. The last bullet just has
us all continuing to work salinity. You've all been involved in discussions
about that. You know that one of the things that many people feel is
limiting about our current recycled water quality is the salinity. Both Palo
Alto and Mountain View continue to be committed.              This agreement
amendment tonight just continues that commitment, makes it a little
stronger and puts it clearly in the agreement, that we're all committed to
taking measures in our own systems that reduce the amount of inflow of
salty water into the system basically is what it boils down to. Sorry about
that longwinded slide. We'll probably come back to some of that. Our next
slide is the background now. Two of you, at least, are getting more and
more familiar with all the aspects of this because we have a Recycled Water
Committee that has started up recently, that Mayor Burt chairs and Council
Member DuBois sits on, for recycled water, for what we are now calling the
northwest portion of the Santa Clara County (County), basically the service
area of the Sewage Treatment Plant, the six entities that comprise it. We
have this Committee. This slide sort of describes the new initiatives and the
existing ones that we've been working on, on water reuse and recycled
water. I'm not going to go into each of these. We are going to set you up
for discussion about the one in the upper left-hand corner which is us doing
a new evaluation of reverse osmosis or a similar process that would further
reduce salinity. That'll be the next action you'll see from us at a future
Council meeting, probably May 2nd, where we'll bring a contract to you for
working on a new evaluation of reverse osmosis salinity reduction. We did
that some years ago, but it needs to have a fresh look given the passage of
time. That's the first action you'll see. The second one that you'll see some
weeks after that, probably a month or so after that, is a combination of all
those purpose bubbles. We were setting up a contract, setting up an
Request for Proposal (RFP), issuing it and seeking proposals that encompass
all four of those purple components. I'm going to ask Karin to go into a little
depth on some of these other components. I'll just summarize it quickly,
and then she'll come back to it. The upper right-hand corner is the next
steps on Palo Alto's potential next purple pipe, distribution component,
which is sort of to the Stanford Research Park, south Palo Alto area. On the
right-hand side halfway down, work on groundwater to determine whether
it's feasible, desirable, a good idea to think in terms of ultimately having
                                                                        Page 56 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
