                             TRANSCRIPT
over the whole year divided by the distance. Sometimes when a street
segment is very short, it kind of accentuated the high yield rate.

Council Member DuBois: Maybe it's statistically if you had a couple of
accidents, it throws it way up.

Mr. Mello: All of the pedestrian activity is also not reflected in that collision
rate, so …

Mr. Thnay: Correct, it is.

Mr. Mello: … the denominator could be much higher than is shown because
we're not counting the pedestrian trips that are occurring on the roadway.
They would lead to more collisions most likely.

Council Member DuBois: I'm wondering on Slide 16 where you showed five
bad streets, those didn't seem to be the worst streets according to the
average collision rate.

Mr. Mello: Those are the highest arterial and residential arterial segments.
Below that on the slide are the highest. A lot of those are local streets
that—a lot of them actually have a lot of bicycle traffic. We're going to have
to delve deeper into that and see how many of those are bicycle collisions.

Council Member DuBois: Those are the streets. I'm glad you pointed that
out. High Street and Waverley Street from Lytton to Channing, I'm curious
what's going on there. El Camino Way and California Avenue, we made a lot
of recent changes. Was that measurement after those changes?

Mr. Thnay: It's for the last five complete years. It's probably …

Council Member DuBois: In the middle then? They changed in the middle,
right? El Camino Way was …

Mr. Mello: El Camino Way was restriped about 2 1/2 years ago, 2 years ago.
The tail end of the data would probably include that restriping. My guess on
El Camino Way and California is it's probably related to the amount of bicycle
traffic. There may be a high number of bike collisions. We'll have to look
into that in more detail.

Council Member DuBois: These are the ones that concern me the most.
They seemed very high. This is kind of a broad question. You had that
example of Middlefield where you slowed the speed, but the flow actually
improved in segments. How do you factor in thinking about gridlock and
balancing flow and speed?

                                                                            Page 34 of 64
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/21/16
