                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Item Number 10 is being pulled. Do we have a date tentatively
that that would be reconsidered or a timeframe if not a date?

James Keene, City Manager: I don't have the—we're talking about August
meeting. When you come back from your break, your first meeting is the
15th. The next one's the 22nd, and the third one is the 29th. I'll see if I
can get an exact meeting in just a second.

Mayor Burt: That helps with an approximate timeframe as well.            Council
Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I would like to pull Item Number 12.

Mayor Burt: I'll support that. Do we have a third Council Member?

Council Member Wolbach: I'll (inaudible).

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Burt, third by
Council Member Wolbach to pull Agenda Item Number 12 - Denial of a
Request for Waiver of the City's … to be moved to a date uncertain.

Mayor Burt: That is pulled at the request of Council Members Kniss, Burt
and Wolbach. Do we have any approximate timeframe in which that would
be reconsidered?

Mr. Keene: I think our recommendation would be that we schedule this for
a date uncertain at this point in time, Mr. Mayor. There's obviously no way
to get this back to you before your break. Your agenda next week on the
27th is completely full. I think it would be best at a date uncertain at this
point in time.

Mayor Burt: At the Committee as a Whole retreat, we had a discussion
around whether the Council would want to look at hardship cases related to
our retail moratorium as potential that these things can be considered in
context with each other.

Mr. Keene: I think the Council had recognized in a general sense an issue as
it related to our retail preservation policies. I do think that you would need
to—you'd be best served by having a discussion about this project in the
context of some of those potential policy considerations.


                                                                       Page 12 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
