                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That second one is a good point, because that's actually
something that's in our existing procedures and protocols that occurs every
year. We can defer that until the Committee as a Whole meeting, and add
that. That's actually a requirement. Or we'll have to take it up at a Council
meeting in between now and then. Are we good with rolling it to the
Committee as a Whole?

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Not to force a linkage, but it does seem
to me that some of the conversation we have from your earlier motion
related to work plan, and some of those other items could result in some
changes to Council procedures and protocols. I'm trying to deepen what's
on the procedures and protocols to deal with how we actually get the work
done. Do you formalize any role of the Mayor, Vice Mayor more formally
than you just did at this session? Thanks.

Mayor Burt: In that case, we'll go ahead and include that Agenda item on
the next Committee as a Whole meeting. On the final topic of when the
Council will get to discuss the Comp Plan meeting schedule of the Council
and how it relates to ...

Council Member Holman: I would include even that the Co-Chair came and
had a question about the schedule as well.

Mayor Burt: When's the next Council meeting where we might be able to do
that?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environmental Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt, Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director.
You did pass a two-part motion quite recently. The first part was to bring a
revised schedule for your review today, which we've done. I'm sorry we
didn't get a chance to talk about it. I could certainly walk you through that
schedule the next time we do have an opportunity. If you look at it
carefully—the second part of your motion was to schedule pronto quick a
discussion of jobs/housing balance and this fifth scenario. We're trying to
get that on your Agenda for February 22nd. I'd suggest that that's probably
the best time where we could look at the schedule overall and figure out if it
has sufficient sessions and topics that you want to discuss in a timeframe
that makes sense as it interacts with the CAC's schedule.

Mayor Burt: That's great. That's three weeks away. That's pretty soon.
Let's go ahead and do it then. On that note, the meeting's adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 2:41 P.M.


                                                                         Page 86 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
