                          TRANSCRIPT
creek flooding in blue. The green is the Bay flooding, tidal flooding. The red
is an area where the two overlap, and it's both types of flooding. This slide
just reminds us all that we have a number of critical facilities out in the area
of tidal flooding, our Baylands. I won't go over them all, but we know
they're there. The next slide makes the point that we have a wide range of
uncertainty and a series of differing projections by different entities on the
degree to which sea level is going to occur. This slide shows global change,
a little different than some of the more local projections you've seen. In the
past 10-15 years, the rate of global rise has risen about 50 percent. San
Francisco Bay has one of the oldest tide gauges in the country and has seen
about 0.6 feet of sea level rise over the last century. As you can see from
this slide, the projections range from about a foot by the end of the century
to 6.6 feet by the end of the century. There's even greater projections that
you'll see from time to time that are over 10 feet of sea level rise. This a
little bit of terminology for you, because there is a little more terminology to
this whole sea level business than meets the eye. The first thing to show
you is that the tide tables that we look at and when we talk about king tides
is on a different datum than most of the discussion we're going to have
about sea level rise. The mean lower low water in our area is about 4.4 feet
below mean sea level. Yet, for historical reasons, we use this as the datum
for tide measurement. When you look at a tide table and it says that today
the tide is going to be +10 feet, that's 10 feet above mean lower low water.
You'd add 10 to -4.4, and you'd get +5.6. In terms of mean sea level, the
tide is—the elevation is substantially less than it would look like in your tide
table. I want to make that point. For the rest of this presentation, we're
going to be talking about mean sea level as the datum, not what you'd see
in a tide table. That's how everybody talks about sea level rise. They talk
about it as how much mean sea level is going to go up. That was my typical
king tide. This strange looking brown thing over there, hanging onto the
shore, is our levee. Our City Manager asked us to add the levee, and we've
done that as best we could. That levee is typically about 10 feet from mean
sea level. That would protect us, knowing the problems with our current
levee system, from about a mean sea level of +10 feet. You'll remember
that the Federal Emergency Management Association (FEMA) map that we
are working with in terms of flood insurance is 10.5 feet. FEMA declares it
the 100-year tidal situation to be actually 10.5 feet, and we usually round
that to 11. On this slide, we're showing you the 11-foot 100-year tidal flood
elevation. Notice that it's a little bit higher than our current levee. The
levee varies, but approximately 10 feet is what we currently have. Another
terminology that you're going to hear is about the wave run up. What that
means is that the tide is affected by the winds and the wave action
associated with that. One could add, as a protective measure, another
increment to take care of the wave run up. Another term that you'll see
used is freeboard. Think of that as a safety factor. Sometimes two feet is
                                                                          Page 2 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
