                          TRANSCRIPT
Public Hearing opened at 10:02 P.M.

Andrew Pierce, speaking for a group of five: Good evening, Mayor Burt,
Members of the Council. I'm Andrew Pierce. Some of you know me from
my days in Palo Alto; I was on the Human Relations Commission (HRC). For
18 years I lived here, and I lived in a single story overlay neighborhood, one
of the first ones. Single story overlays are always controversial. There was
some division in my neighborhood near Greenmeadow when it was first
adopted 20-plus years ago. Some people found as their families grew that
they could no longer live in the neighborhood because they could not build a
house that was the proper size. The single story overlay always imposes
burdens on homeowners no matter where you adopt it. They're especially
difficult on extended families and large families. Again, in my case when my
mother-in-law had to move in with us and we had four adults in the house,
we had no choice but to move. We could not build an extension practically
to stay in Palo Alto. That's why I'm in Portola Valley now. There's a reason
we require a supermajority to even consider an application like this. The
rezoning we're talking about will tie up the property permanently, long
beyond the life of the people who are here tonight. It affects not just
subsequent buyers, but also the heirs and the children of the people living in
the neighborhood now. It presumes to discern the preferences of people 10,
20, 30 years from now. It is not easy to reverse. This Ordinance requires a
70 percent petition to overturn the single story overlay once it is adopted.
That's right in the Palo Alto Ordinance. The hardship on individual owners
who might need or want a second story far outweighs the benefits to the
neighbors on an individual basis. One person can't have the house they
want; the other just has a view problem. As you heard, the Planning and
Transportation Commission had serious doubts about the proposal as
proposed and suggested reducing the size of the single story overlay. I'm
not here to advocate for that, because the group of families that hired me
includes families on both sides of that line, not just on Loma Verde or
Stockton. The Planning Commission understood that if you take those two
streets out, you might reduce overall support for the proposal because many
people would lose the benefit of the proposal if you take those two streets
out, because they are backdoor neighbors. We believe the Council should
deny this application and forego taking any action until there is a clearer
consensus of a supermajority of 70 percent or more supporting this action.
There is no rush. The Staff Report indicates there are no second-story
applications or projects in the works. If the single story overlay is adopted it
will likely end any effort to come up with an Eichler area guideline for this
area. For example, if this is adopted, people are going to be forced to build
out to their setbacks, which may or may not be consistent with the
neighborhood. They can't build a taller structure that might actually look
better for the neighborhood. As Staff has noted, there's nothing close to a
                                                                          Page 64 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
