                         TRANSCRIPT
We're not really saying—in terms of the work in front of you, I'm not sure
this changes anything. Does it?

Council Member Schmid: I think it changes the crowding in the original
district. That's the key issue.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we're going to be able to proceed with the contracts.
We're going to be able to move forward. I think all of us would like to get
resolution on what the program and all its detail looks like. We would like to
come back soon, if we can.

Council Member Schmid: I'm happy to withdraw my ...

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member DuBois: Do we have a vote?

Council Member Schmid: Is there any other comments on what's proposed?

Council Member Kniss: I have some, yes.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm going to try something that may not be popular.
I don't think we're ready to make this decision tonight. You all may be
ready to move on with it, but I think it is still somewhat muddled. We've
had a number of changes that we've made tonight that I think are
substantial. What I would like to suggest is we come back in two weeks.
The five of us find, I would say a two-hour period. I think we can maybe
even do it in a one-hour period. I'm concerned about a variety of things
that are on here including we're talking about lowering the number of
permits. That was a very definitive number in December. We're now in
February and lowering that number. None of the business community is
here tonight that I see. As I said, we've got just about an empty chamber.
That's where I'm going. If somebody supports me on putting it off for two
weeks, I'm available.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:         Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by
Council Member XX to continue this Agenda Item for two weeks.

Council Member DuBois: Could I ask you a question?

Council Member Kniss: Sure.




                                                                      Page 115 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
