                          TRANSCRIPT
how you get more land. Within that, you can weave affordable housing.
The person who mentioned tonight they heard KQED this morning—have
they left? It was intriguing. One of the ways they're doing this in the city is
for any builder who puts up something—I don't want to misquote it. I think
it was 25 percent had to be affordable. As they said, they've crawled up
from a single digit up into now where they're—on the ballot is 25 percent.
That is a way that you get—you're talking about more affordable housing,
Eric. That's how you get more affordable housing. You have to require it.
That is what they're doing in San Francisco. I don't see another way that we
can add more of that land out there than to make these rather dramatic
changes. I also don't see how you tell people that they just can't come to
California anymore; they can't come to your city any longer. That's really
touch, especially when we're saying—as you said, Eric, there are people who
simply cannot live here. It is just out of their range. Looking, as we have
said, at brand new ways, is this the time we really look at ADUs? ADUs have
been looked at before. I have a feeling that if we went around Palo Alto and
actually went in a lot of backyards—maybe we could get a drone—you would
actually see there are a lot of ADUs that are functional right now. The
problem with ADUs almost always is parking. We dealt with this once before
on the Council. Parking is really tough. I think we really have to talk about
what our current Mayor has talked about so often, which is how do you
handle traffic differently. Do you have a TDM? Do you try putting up an
apartment unit with small units and no parking? There actually is a sample
of this right on Alma right now. It is essentially single occupancy and very
small units. How many of you are familiar with those? They're well used,
and they have literally 250-300 square feet, very little parking, very few
cars. There really are ways we can do this, but we have to be willing to
change some of the rules. That's what I think is probably the most
significant.   We will have to change some of the rules so that we
accommodate those who not only want to live here, but need to live here;
our public servants, our public employees, our school teachers. As you said,
especially the first responders. Those are my comments until we get into a
motion. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: What we're faced with, not just tonight but for the
last good while and that we're hearing about, is an issue that's grown for the
last several decades. I agree with much of what Council Member Filseth
said. Part of that is what's in the Comprehensive Plan and what the zoning
has been is going to be in place for a very long time. That's what we're
faced with tonight. It's why we're faced with what we're faced with tonight.
I do hope and would hope that no one in our community is feeling that they
are less than or not welcome here. That's certainly not the intention of, to
                                                                        Page 89 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
