                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Thanks for clarifying that. Getting into the market-
rate, single-family attached, once again I guess what you would say there
then is you think that is the same issue?

Ms. Gitelman: Again, we have an inclusionary requirement that currently
applies. The in-lieu fee that applies to fractional units is currently 7.5
percent of sale price. These fees are already quite significant.

Council Member Kniss: I would agree. Rather than breaking these down
one-by-one, those are the ones that I have difficulty with. I'm not going to
be able to support the Motion as a whole.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I have been having a little bit of trouble
with the for-sale housing fee. I can't judge it versus the fee we've had. We
don't get a lot of condo projects. Condos really are affordable for-sale
housing. They're often starter homes for people to get into the market. I
am worried about discouraging it. I'm trying to figure out, frankly, if we
should go also at the $25 fee where then we ratchet it up over time and see
how that goes. I guess I want to get a sense from Staff of have we—I can't
remember. Since I've been on Council, I don't remember a lot of condo
projects coming through. I know there's been one or two, I think. Do you
have a sense of how many have come and what we currently charge versus
what this fee is?

Ms. Gitelman: We haven't had a lot of projects in the time that I've been
with the City, but we did have that 16-unit subdivision quite recently. We've
run the numbers on that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You mean Maybell?

Ms. Gitelman: Pardon me?

Vice Mayor Scharff: You mean Maybell?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's single-family homes.

Ms. Gitelman:   Yes.   I'm sorry.    Were you asking about single-family
detached?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was asking about condos actually. I realize that's the
only—that's probably the only single-family home project we're going to ever

                                                                        Page 69 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
