                          TRANSCRIPT
Sheldon Ah Sing, Contract Planner: Thank you and good evening. The
Mayor did a great introduction, so I'll skip this slide, because I think you've
covered that.      Just the location of the property; it's located at the
intersection of Embarcadero Road and Bayshore Road. The site is located
within the Baylands Master Plan and subject to the Baylands Design
Guidelines. It is the service commercial property with a site and design
combining zoning district. It's the only CS zoning district in the vicinity
there. The other districts in the area include the research, office and limited
manufacturing zone as well as the two adjacent dealerships are zoned PC.
The site does include an 80-foot utility easement that has some restrictions.
That's along Bayshore Road, so there's some limited development that could
be done there in that area. That also includes planting limitations. Some of
the heights of surrounding buildings. The PC zones, the height limit there.
The Audi is 27 feet, and the Honda dealership is at 24 feet. The other
industrial properties are two stories, but they kind of go between 24 and 35
feet height. This property allows up to 50 feet. The project was the subject
of a number of public hearings including a Planning and Transportation
Commission meeting as well as four Architectural Review Board meetings.
Those are formal meetings, and there were a couple of other preliminary
meetings before the Board. Some of the key issues there included some
height, how to deal with the corner intersection, some plantings along with
lighting, again a consistency with the Baylands Master Plan, aesthetics and
compatibility with the surrounding as well as the project was subject to a
Mitigated Negative Declaration. The plan is a bit of a unique type of
automobile dealership in that it does have integrated sales, service,
inventory and customer parking in one building. They really have a larger
kind of footprint of a building, but a smaller footprint devoted to onsite
parking. Some of the neighboring—your typical dealerships have a smaller
building with sales and maybe a single-story service, and then they have a
lot of parking devoted to inventory. The automobile dealership combining
district allows for a bonus of 0.2 FAR for showrooms beyond the base FAR.
For this project, they're taking advantage of that, about 16,000 square feet
versus the 20,000 that they would be allowed for. The four-story building
has large setbacks. Part of it is that they are asking for a deviation from the
build-to setback, which is what you get typically along El Camino Real. In
this case, it's probably not as appropriate. Along with that, you have that
utility easement, that 80-foot utility easement. They can't really get that
close to the roadway anyway. These elevations kind of depict the building
proposed and the surrounding. The building is horizontally designed. Again,
you have the 50-foot building that's proposed. Adjacent to it with the Audi,
it's at 27 feet. The other buildings in the area are between 35 and 30 feet in
height. The project does use muted colors as well as these are colors that
are appropriate for the Mercedes-Benz corporate design. The project does
include the one specific that is included in the Baylands Design Guidelines.
                                                                           Page 95 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
