                         TRANSCRIPT
can create the kind of atmosphere and maintenance and restaurant that
people will come back to. There are choices.

Council Member Schmid: You have agreed on a contract, is that right? You
have gone out and selected, and you're asking us now to pay?

Mr. de Geus: That's correct.

Council Member Schmid: You are confident, not just that it's the low bid,
but it's a contractor who can deliver what ...

Mr. de Geus: That's a good question.

Mr. Teresi: What we did in order to make sure we had a good contractor
was prior to going out for bids, we held a prequalification process where we
only got sort of the elite members of the contractor community that could
actually build golf courses. There's an association of golf course builders
that has a certification process. We only allowed parties that were certified
under that to place bids for the project. With that, we're confident that all
the bids we got were actually from high-quality firms.

Council Member Schmid:     You're confident that it won't be a Mitchell Park
situation?

Mr. de Geus: We feel pretty confident about that, yes.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Just so it might make at least one
Council Member a little bit more comfortable, my experience of the golf
course in 2012 and 2013—it's really a question for Rob. I'm remembering
the course as being in pretty bad shape, like a lot of trees had been lost. It
seemed pretty barren. Am I thinking the right timeframe? I think you and I
maybe even took a tour out there around that timeframe.

Mr. de Geus: The course conditions do go up and down for different
reasons. I honestly don't recall that being the issue, Council Member
Holman. I may not remember that correctly.

                                                                      Page 104 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
