                          TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Just before Josh and
the team get going here, I would just point out—let's see. We're only like
20 minutes behind our schedule for tonight. It's transportation night.
You've got this item. I just would remind the Council as a whole that the
next item, Number 8, is a review of the draft Transportation Element
scheduled to at least start by 9:15 P.M.. That was an item that was before
the Council back in August. If you recall, we got towards the end of the
meeting, and you could only have a very abbreviated conversation. You
asked us to set it for this. I'm hoping that—we were targeting 9:15 at the
latest to start. As they say in the airline industry, if you can make up some
time in the air here, so that we can arrive at that time, that would be great.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: We're looking for a tailwind. Mr. Mello.

Joshuah Mello, Senior Transportation Official: Thank you. Josh Mello, Chief
Transportation Official for the City of Palo Alto. With me this evening, I have
Jason Mansfield from BKF Engineers as well as Gary Black from Hexagon.
Shahla Yazdy, our Project Manager, is also in attendance. I'm going to go
through a brief presentation, and I'll go as quick as possible and reserve
more time for questions and answers at the end. Tonight before you there's
two concept plans for Embarcadero Road. The section we're looking at is
between El Camino Real and Emerson Street. I'm sure most of you are
very, very familiar with this corridor. El Camino Real is a State Caltrans
facility. On the other side of El Camino Real, Embarcadero Road becomes
Galvez Street. Midway through our corridor, there's a three-lane underpass
that goes under Caltrain.        There are two westbound lanes and one
eastbound lane through that underpass. On the other side, we intersect
with High Street and Emerson before the end of our corridor, which
terminates at Emerson, our study corridor. The history of this segment.
Back in 2012, Council authorized the initiation of a concept planning effort.
The results of that study were brought back to Council in September of
2013. That Staff Report included four recommendations in order to make
some improvements along this corridor. I'm happy to report that three of
those four recommendations have been completed since that report went to
Council back in September of 2013. Since then, we have completed Phase
1, which was the Embarcadero Road traffic signal improvements. This was
one of the recommendations that was brought to Council back in 2013.
We've also begun on Phase 2. Phase 2 is really the primary reason that
we're here tonight. As part of Phase 2, we've developed two pretty different
concept plans for this segment. Just to recap what the elements of Phase 1
were. It was completed back in August of 2015. This was a complete
replacement of the traffic signal equipment at the Town and Country/Paly
(Palo Alto High School) driveway intersection as well as the equipment at the
                                                                        Page 56 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
