                          TRANSCRIPT
of questioning really identified how people would feel about voting for the
County sales tax and this on top of that. I just wasn't really clear whether
that was really asked or whether that's something we would want to ask in a
round of follow-ups.

Mr. Metz: The survey was explicitly designed to make sure that all voters
who were expressing their opinion on a City measure knew that it would
follow a County measure. That's why we asked the County measure first for
everybody, so that was in their minds as they answered the questions about
the City measure. As one of the opposition arguments for a City measure,
we noted that there would be other measures including a County tax present
on the ballot at the same time. These responses, I think, show fairly clearly
the potential impact of a County measure on a City measure. It was
designed to do the reverse, to demonstrate clearly whether the presence of
a City measure would impact the County measure. I think there's some
things we can infer from the data to give us some guidance about what that
impact might be. We were much more focused on understanding whether a
City measure would be viable knowing that a County measure was on the
ballot.

Council Member Wolbach:        Going back to this other thing that was
previously discussed about going for a simple majority versus the two-thirds,
maybe I'm not clear. Is there any really strong reason to go for the two-
thirds over the simple majority?

Mr.   Metz: The advantage of a measure requiring two-thirds is you can offer
the   public the assurance that the money cannot be spent on anything but
the   purposes indicated in the measure. The vote of the public would bind
the   future Councils and prevent them from reallocating the money.

Council Member Wolbach: Were all the questions here premised on it being
legally bound or did we also ask people questions that we were going with
the 50 percent plus one option?

Mr. Metz: We didn't explicitly highlight and state that it would be a special
tax and that money couldn't be spent for other purposes, but all of the
questions indicated that the money would be dedicated to those purposes.
It was written as if it were a special tax.

Council Member Wolbach: Those are my questions for now.

Mayor Burt: We have one member of the public to speak, Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz:  Good evening, Council.    Thank you so much for
reminding. I remember that you wait through all these long (inaudible)
                                                                     Page 120 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
