                          TRANSCRIPT
The length of them—it's not like they're fighting with each other, one of
them has to be longer than the other. The idea is that they build and
collaborate to communicate the Council's and the community's collective
vision on these topics. The fact that sustainability happens first and leads
into congestion—if you look at those sustainability possibilities, they're very
much about TDM, alternate modes, things that are going to help ultimately
reduce congestion. One is meant to build and complement the other.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think some of our comments are predictable, which
is—it's disappointing to see this huge audience. I'm sorry we didn't hear
from Don McDougall even though I know he was very involved in this. The
only one I want to comment on in particular is the part that deals with
Transportation Demand Management. People spoke to this earlier tonight.
This describes it. It's on Page 390. We are not going to discuss the report
that came to us. At the same time I want to say that this is a little bit—it
doesn't have much thrust to it, which is difficult. I think that if it's going to
be involved in this, it needs to have more thrust than what it does. I think
that this TDM plan is going to be one of the things that makes the most
difference in the Downtown. I'd like to see more emphasis put on it, more
description and so forth. We have one that is, as somebody said earlier, in
an early form, even had a further description than that. That's troubling,
that we are looking at what has worked in many other communities very
well. I don't think we're putting enough—I frankly don't think we're putting
enough funding into it or enough oomph as well. My comments.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. So far I haven't heard anything that I
disagree with, if that helps Staff. A few things. One is going back to the
vision statement. I do have one comment on it. Palo Alto will build and
maintain a sustainable network blah, blah, blah while protecting and
enhancing the quality of life in Palo Alto neighborhoods. I don't know why
the word neighborhoods is there. Shouldn't it be enhancing the quality of
life in Palo Alto? Later we talk about neighborhoods. That would be a
comment. On Packet Page 414, at the very top it says establish a list of
acceptable TDM measures. I don't know what that means. Wouldn't we
want to be adopting effective TDM measures? Page 414 at the very top.
Establish a list of acceptable TDM measures that include transit use blah,
blah, blah. I don't know why that wouldn't be effective TDM measures.
Council Member DuBois mentioned earlier the bullet after the third—I don't
know what we're going to call that. It's the one with the bullets. It says
allow contracting between developments or organizations so that trips to or

                                                                        Page 105 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
