                         TRANSCRIPT
us up for where we're going to go in the future. I'm pleased to see that.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just to add my thanks for everything that's been
going on. It's an exciting time. I think, with the new fund possibilities, it
opens up a lot of doors. I think you've responded very well. The Master
Plan is a good way of putting that into processes and procedures. I'd just
like to bring up the notion of deaccession. It is not one of your base
principles, but I know in Appendix B you do talk about a policy. It's a little
concerning there that the deaccession rules seem to be sometimes very
difficult. There are certain inherent rights that exist when a process goes
up. I know around town but mainly in other towns you come across things
that are not striking, not remembered. You scratch your head and say,
"What's that doing here?" It's not adding; it's sort of saying why is it here.
The question is we have maybe 40, 50 sites around town that are really
public places, spots for art. What happens after 20 years, after a generation
changes and people look and say that's not doing anything to me. Young
artists should have an opportunity to design something for an iconic spot.
Just are there some thoughts especially in the Commission? Are they
thinking about processes and procedures for public review of critical
artworks, art places?

Ms. Halpern: I'm going to just speak to this for a moment and then turn it
to Barbara.      This is like the juiciest topic in the field of public art,
deaccession. It's the most controversial. It's the most heated. It's just
really loaded. We could just spend an hour on just this topic. To cut to the
chase on it, what you see happening now in best practice, for instance, is
when we create a contract for a piece of art with an artist, we put in the
contract the life expectancy of this piece so it can be deaccessioned when its
life has finished, which tends to be about 30 years, 25, 30, 40, depending on
the material, the location, etc. The other thing that you see as a response
to the difficulties with deaccession is you see this whole field of temporary
public art emerging.       Those are pieces that are installed deliberately
temporarily from six months to about two years typically. It really allows
the community to have a lot more flexibility. Usually these projects are
lower budget, so you can actually fund a site to have ten temporary public
artworks over 10 or 20 years. I think that's why the trend is so popular. It
helps with some of the problems (crosstalk).

Council Member Schmid: It's very striking outside of City Hall. We've begun
the process every couple of years of changing. Sometimes I've said you're


                                                                        Page 72 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
