                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Thank you for clarifying that. Just a different,
entire subject. Are we considering getting rid of the color zones? Is that
part of this project?

Ms. Sullivan: That will be part of the Downtown Parking Management Study.

Council Member DuBois: Today, how do people get a pass for a garage?

Ms. Atkinson: For the garages, there are daily and there are annual permits,
and quarterly permits at some garages. Primarily people go to Revenue
Collections...

Council Member DuBois: For even the daily pass.

Ms. Atkinson: ...in the lobby. For the daily pass, there are also permit
machines that are in the Cowper/Webster garage and in the Bryant/Lytton
garage. It's $17.50 for a daily permit, both in person here at the counter
and at the permit machines.

Council Member DuBois: Just on the fiber discussion. Is that a one-time fee
or was that an ongoing service charge?

Mr. Keene: Is that a one-time fee or is that an ongoing?

Mr. Shikada: It's ongoing (inaudible).

Council Member DuBois: It was a third party, so I'd rather have it ongoing
to us.

Mr. Keene: How quickly they sell out.

Council Member DuBois: Is it seriously ongoing to a third party?

Mr. Shikada: I think we're talking (inaudible). All kidding aside, I think we
are talking about use of the dark fiber system Downtown, in which case it
would be leased as it would to any private entity. Again, it depends on the
design of the system, whether it be each individual parking structure is its
own basically computer and it's a network among the computers or if the
fiber is used to bring all back to a central system.

Council Member DuBois: In the report, it said we needed to use a third-
party company. I didn't know if that was just construction. Sounds like it
might be.




                                                                       Page 63 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/11/16
