                         TRANSCRIPT
and to focus on recruitment and retention among the City Staff. This will all
require a strong leadership team, not just the Mayor, but the Mayor working
in collaboration with the Vice Mayor and the City Staff. External issues
facing the community, the cost of housing, transportation and parking
remain ongoing issues along with other things that have been focused on
during the year such as airplane noise and the future of water security and
other sustainability issues in Palo Alto. I think that the Vice Mayor and the
Mayor working together need to present an opportunity for unity, for trust
building, collaboration, compromise and team work. I think that Council
Member Scharff brings a breadth of experience to that position.           His
experience with utilities in particular, his work representing Palo Alto on
regional bodies will be an important asset in supplementing the work that
the Mayor does as a number of regional issues are faced by the City in the
coming year. I think that together they'll provide clear, efficient and
experienced leadership for the City.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois, would you like to speak to
your nomination?

Council Member DuBois: Yes, sure. We have been divided on some issues
this last year. I think it's critical that the Vice Mayor is someone that's not
divisive, that's demonstrated clear leadership and the ability to work with
everyone in a collegial manner. I'd also like to see some continuity, so that
we continue the projects we've started, and we continue to make some real
impacts on the quality of life for our citizens. Karen, she's served the City
for a long time on both the Council and the Planning Commission. It's kind
of funny, but she has yet to be Vice Mayor. She's demonstrated her ability
to work well with Staff and the Council. I think she'd be a strong partner
with the Mayor. Pat and Karen would make a great team. Together they
have a huge amount of experience. I think Karen really complements Pat
nicely. There's kind of a left brain/right brain thing going on there. Karen
tends to focus on important issues that there'd be less to do with the hard
numbers, things like homelessness, in particular homelessness with
veterans. I think she struck the right balance on Buena Vista this year. She
really brings that ability for everybody to work together.          I think as
evidenced by her landslide win in the last election, I think she really has
tapped into the desires of the community. For those reasons, I think her
tirelessness, ability to work for the community, ability to step in when the
Mayor's not available and keep us focused on important priorities, I would
support Karen for Vice Mayor.

Mayor Burt:   The nominees are also welcome to speak.         Council Member
Scharff.


                                                                          Page 8 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/4/16
