                         TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, if I just might make a really quick
comment.

Mayor Burt: It sounds like you may want to hear City Manager Keene ...

Mr. Keene: No, I'm not going to say anything, I think, that lots of the Sky
Posse folks haven't already referenced. Obviously, we've been devoting a
lot of concentrated Staff time to supporting this issue. We've been working
very closely with Anna Eshoo's office. We actually have a new RFP (Request
for Proposal) and an award related to really kind of an expanded, potential
scope of work designed to really ensure that there is gathering and
interpretation and substantiation of meaningful data that will be really
important in being able to make the City's and our community's case as it
relates to the NextGen project and that sort of thing. I would just say, as
you know, much more of the detail of the process in the Priority setting
process, the really big part of the work are the specific project initiatives
within those Priorities. The Council's discussion about when push comes to
shove what things are most important to be sure that we're working on. We
will have that opportunity to do that. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, and thank you everyone.

Minutes Approval

2.   Approval of Action Minutes for the January 11, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next Item is Approval of Minutes from the January 11,
2016 meeting.

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

Mayor Burt:    Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, second by Council Member
Berman.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to approve the Action Minutes for the January 11, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: Our next Item is the Consent Calendar.
                                                                      Page 11 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/25/16
