                          TRANSCRIPT
surplus from new residents. A lot of the studies you may have seen that
look at fiscal impacts are done on an average for the whole city. Total
residents in the City, total costs attributable to the residents doesn't look as
good. In Palo Alto again, where the government services are very mature,
you can add population without a lot of cost. When you add population
here, it comes with a lot of tax revenue.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. I did see the discussion of the Finance
Committee in terms of, again, what we see in reality in terms of costs going
up as population goes up doesn't necessarily match what you're saying
there.

Mr. Sigman: I understand. We try to be as scientific as possible. We're
holding a lot of variables constant. We're really trying to focus on what
happens to the budget as you run it today if we change land use and nothing
else. That's part of the way we simplified it to get a good answer for you. I
just also want to point out that we will be carrying on with the City to
conduct work looking at the cost of some of the infrastructure included in
some of the scenarios and the potential fiscal effects of those. There's a
capital investment piece of the analysis that will be coming to you. The
piece of work that you have in hand is an operational view. We don't think
that the Scenarios 1-4 have a dramatic effect on the City from an
operational standpoint. Along with those, we do envision some pretty
significant infrastructure investments. The fiscal ramifications of those, I
think, we'll be looking at in the future.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks. Just to wrap up. One of the things you
asked us was for a confirmation on Scenarios 5 and 6. I guess I'd like to
make a Motion at some point, but I'll just say my comments now and see
maybe if we can come back. Again, I think the goal is to test a range. I'd
suggest we differentiate Scenario 5 and 6. On Scenario 5 specifically, I
would want to add back some of the things from Scenario 2, which would be
the CUP for employment densities, the County expressway implementation,
and the CC(2) reductions near Cal. Ave. I think that would differentiate "5"
from "6." Otherwise, I think you guys pretty much nailed it in terms of
things that would be included in each scenario. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, do we have the Motion that we
did on "5" and "6"? I'd like to see that at some point. Maybe someone can
look for it while I talk, and we get someone else, besides you Hillary, looking
for it, unless you have it.          My recollection on those Motions and
performance-based zoning discussion may have been a little different. I just

                                                                            Page 74 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
