                          TRANSCRIPT
limits which are now permitted under State law. I want to set a little bit of
context for this study before we dive into the results. As I mentioned,
California has a very detailed law which municipalities are required to adhere
to when setting speed limits on local roadways. Prima facie speed limits are
permitted on local residential streets. Speed limits of 15 miles per hour and
25 miles per hour are permitted on local streets, and 15 mile per hour zones
are limited to those areas around schools. We are not allowed to set prima
facie speed limits on streets that are not considered local residential streets
There's a definition of what is considered a local residential streets. That's a
roadway that's not more than 40 feet wide, not more than 1/2 mile of
uninterrupted length, and not more than one traffic lane in each direction.
Most of our arterial streets do not meet this definition. Palo Alto has a
unique roadway classification called residential arterial. Quite a few of those
are wider than 40 feet and do not fit the definition.             Despite being
residential, they do not fit the definition of a local residential street.
Therefore, for those roadways, we are required to conduct what are called
engineering and traffic surveys. Those surveys collect data as to what the
85th percentile speed is in off-peak periods, non-congested periods. The
85th percentile speed is defined as the speed at or below which 85 percent
of all vehicles are observed to travel under free-flowing conditions past a
monitored point. This is used as a guide under California law to set the
speed limits on nonresidential, nonlocal streets. The issue with this is the
prevailing speed may conflict with neighborhood quality of life and the use of
active transportation modes. In some cases, the 85th percentile speed may
not be the speed at which the community would like traffic to travel along
that roadway. This is a diagram that illustrates how to calculate the 85th
percentile speed. The red arrow there is the 85th percentile speed point.
Every vehicle above that point is traveling at or below the 85th percentile
speed. In this case that speed is 42 miles an hour. This is a map that
shows our current posted speed limits. Every roadway that's unshaded and
gray is currently signed for 25 miles an hour. The green, dashed roadways
are 35 miles an hour. The blue, dashed roadway, El Camino Real, is 40
miles an hour. The western part of the City, there's a couple of 45 and 50
mile an hour roadways. When we presented this to the Planning and
Transportation Commission (PTC) a couple of weeks ago, there was a lot of
questions about our current speed limit enforcement activity. I do have the
Police Department here this evening to answer any specific questions you
may have. The table in front of you on Slide 8 illustrates the citations and
warnings that were distributed by the Police Department over the last five
years. You can see there's a little bit of a drop this Fiscal Year. Sergeant
Lee can answer any questions you may have as to that. There are three
different enforcement mechanisms that the Police department uses to
enforce the speed limit. The preferred option, of course, is radar and lidar;
however, this requires that a roadway have an approved survey as well as a
                                                                          Page 27 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
