                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Either from down below cars hitting the struts or
people on the top climbing over.

Mr. Schnabel: No difference in terms of the functionality and safety of the
bridge.

Council Member Schmid: What about the five alternatives in terms of the
view of crossers, do any of them give more enhanced visual fields?

Mr. Schnabel: Yes. The ones that are—the closed truss will tend to be a
little bit more closed from the user, because you're going into a box instead
of something that's open. The member sizes tend to be a little bit smaller,
so the view outside of the truss will be a little less impeded. Option 5,
Alternative 5 is probably the most open. It's a very open space frame. It
also has the benefit of being inclined, and that incline not only gives the
feeling that you're walking into something that's bigger but it allows a little
bit more visibility outside with the vistas. That probably is the one that
creates the most open look and feel for the user.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mr. Eggleston: I'd also add even some of those five—for instance the single-
span bolstering truss, we said that was Alternative 1. Our baseline is the
three-span. The three-span or baseline is open above the user as you're on
the bridge. When you look at the rendering of the one-span that clears
everything with the single-bolstering truss, it's actually closed along the top
with members there that are needed for structural stability. In some
instances, there's changes. We didn't call that one a closed-truss, but it
essentially is.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I had a few questions. I'm trying to think of this. On the
eastbound ramp, I guess, if we look at Slide 6—the east side ramp I should
say. It has a really big radius and a big loop there. Why is that so big there
rather than something more truncated?

Mr. Schnabel: There are design guidelines within Caltrans that require
certain design speeds to be adhered to with regards to bicycle trails.

Mayor Burt: It's a lot bigger than the other side. Why wouldn't they apply
to the other side?

Mr. Schnabel: They allow exceptions in locations where it's not either
feasible or practical to do it. Unfortunately with regards to the room on that

                                                                         Page 62 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
