  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

seismic standards, and our public safety buildings whether it’s the police
building or the fire buildings understandably are required to be at the
highest level of seismic guarantees and we have several that are not. So
the Council actually two years ago worked off of the work that had been
done by the Blue Ribbon Infrastructure Task Force that had looked at this
backlog of projects that we had had building for a long while, over $200
million worth of expenses. And we had three phases of it, the catch up, the
keep up, and then the new buildings. Mark, what did we call the new
buildings? Move forward.

And so we began in that catch up we had already started some of it. Much
of it was things like the streets and sidewalks catch up, but it’s also things
that are not so visible: old air conditioning systems at our Lucie Stern Center
and a whole series of things that were pretty dilapidated, work at Cubberley
Community Center. So we’ve done major investments in that catch up and
keep up and that’s now built into our budget.

Now we have the next set of projects which were completed on the funding
at the end of a year ago when we as voters accepted an increase in our
hotel tax called the Transient Occupancy Tax or TOT, but most of us think of
it as a hotel tax and a commitment by the Council that the revenue from this
series of new hotels that are being built in town would be devoted entirely to
these backlog of infrastructure projects. It wouldn’t go to the General Fund.
It wouldn’t be used for everything else. We’ve said this is… we’re going to
carve it out, Al Gore would say put in a lockbox and put it aside for the
infrastructure. So the biggest projects on that are two fire stations and a
new public safety building. And we’re now at the execution phase of that
plan. All the dollars are, were allocated. Now of course we’re seeing
construction costs go up, but we’re actually seeing our hotel revenue go up
as well so hopefully those two things will track and we’ll get the whole block.
But we have over $150 million in that lockbox for this next set of
infrastructure projects. This was like I say something that Councils had
struggled with for over a decade.

But we have other things that we’re thinking about in our infrastructure. For
over a decade we have recognized that we wanted to build off the dark fiber
or the fiber commercial loop that we have that Council Member Kniss was at
a lead at putting on back in 1994, thereabouts. Yeah. And it allowed us to
be leaders in providing high speed internet to businesses that wanted to
hook up to it, but for over a decade we’ve been trying to figure out how to
get that to every premise, small businesses, and virtually every residence in
the community. And we’ve looked at several different plans. They’ve, we’ve
                                                                            Page 4 of 18
                                                               State of the City Address
                                                                                 2/24/16
