                          TRANSCRIPT
but I just don't to make a false claim that somehow it's not going affect
revenue. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Holman: If the maker of the original Motion is going to
accept this at this point? You were looking like you might be headed that
direction.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I am headed that direction. I just think it's phrased
incorrectly. I think it should say something like direct Staff to determine the
best possible way—if there's a way. It really to get retail and personal
service workers to be able to afford to get a permit that works in there.
That's a pricing mechanism. You could either say you could share the permit
or you could lower the price of the permit and make it less expensive. It's
not clear to me which is the better way to go without having explore it. I
really want Staff to explore options to ensure that retail and personal service
employees can purchase permits. That' really what we're looking at. It
might be shared; that might be the best way to go. It might also be putting
it at a lower price. I just don't know.

Mr. Keene: Could I add to that? I am getting a little bit worried about the
level of detail we're getting into. At least a part of this stakeholder outreach
process is to figure out this kind of information. We would have it more
contemporary with the idea of when we come back with recommendations,
we'd be able to do that. In one sense, we're preempting that stakeholder
outreach process.

Mayor Burt: I would support the broader intention which is to look at ways
to help support the lower income workers.

Council Member Holman:       The way it's worded right now doesn't capture
that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Retail and personal service employees, you want to add
in lower-income retail and personal service workers?

Mayor Burt: I think retail and personal service.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think personal service and retails workers are by
definition (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: I'm fine with that.

Council Member Holman: Just saying they can purchase permits; they can
purchase permits now. What's ...


                                                                        Page 120 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
