                          TRANSCRIPT
that out. If you've got a ballpark now, that's fine too. I'm not looking for
exact numbers.

Mr. Perez: While Kiely looks it up, let me give you some high level areas
that we know about. As you are all well aware, you have your $128 million
Infrastructure Plan that did not exist in 2009. That's a significant change.
What you'll read in the documentation that you'll see, as you start reading
through it, is that we're going to transfer $8 million in dedicated money from
the hotel tax. This is generated from the two percent from '12 to '14 and
the new hotels alone that are going to feed our infrastructure and allow us to
finance our infrastructure projects and be able to move much quicker than
we have ever been able to do in the past. I can tell you that back in the late
'90s to early 2000, we came up with a $100 million Infrastructure Plan for
the General Fund. It gives a magnitude of what we were looking at 15, 16
years ago in comparison to now. One of the things that is influencing the
numbers a little bit is a change that we made, that I think was requested by
the Council and the community, to now include all the projects in our
numbers. In other words, we reappropriate everything every year. It
carries over the number, and it shows the projects. That's why you see so
many pages. That's another factor in there. The Enterprise Funds, we've
gone back to our plan; we took a little bit of a hiatus there in a couple of the
funds due to some staffing and some other work that needed to be done. I
think those are the major influences. We'll try to get the actual dollars.

Mayor Burt: Kiely, did you have a number or a ballpark?

Ms. Nose: Yeah. Comparatively to your 2008-2009 adopted budget, your
Capital Improvement Program was about $80 million. Your actual adopted
was $85 million. Eight-five versus ...

Mr. Keene: That's the budget for the year.      That's the Capital Budget for
2009, right?

Ms. Nose: It would be the equivalent in terms of the dollars by category
that you're looking at. The one thing to keep in mind in this dollars by
category sheet for the Capital Improvement Program are those are the hard
costs for the Capital Program. There are also salaries and benefits. When
you compare that 158 to your capital CIP, which is about $170 million, that
variance is because you have salaries and benefits as part of delivering your
capital projects, which are in the table that you're looking at, part of the
salary and benefits line item.

Mayor Burt: Apples to apples, say, compared to 2009 or '10 to today, what
are the ...

                                                                          Page 41 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
