                           TRANSCRIPT
percent of vehicles parked displayed a long-term employee parking permit.
That's about 400, I think, quick math. That's really low. This is my first
time sitting in on one of these discussions. Maybe everyone's used to that.
That seems like a pretty low number in comparison to the overall number of
cars parked in the RPP.

Ms. Atkinson: Yes, it is a little low.

Council Member Berman: It's low, but that's normal. The number of
parking permits for Zone 8 also jumped out at me, but that's been
answered. Those were the only questions I had. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Picking up on somebody's previous question. Could
you go through where valets are available as of today?

Ms. Atkinson: Sure. As of today, there's valet programs in operation at the
High Street garage, Lot 4 as we call High Street and Alma. There's also
valet operational at the Bryant-Lytton garage.

Council Member Kniss: Is it operational right now, today?

Ms. Atkinson: It is operational. It's not as well utilized as we'd like. We're
increasing the number of permits there. That's something that we have to
evaluate each time that the waitlists are updated. We are working on better
utilizing that program.

Council Member Kniss: If I try to use it today, it would be open?

Ms. Atkinson: If the permit spaces are full, it's operational.       The valet
program only kicks into action when the permit spaces are full.

Council Member Kniss: How do you know that?

Ms. Atkinson: We have Staff there monitoring the permit spaces. They
place the signs for the valet program when the permitted spaces are near
capacity. That directs permit holders to (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: (crosstalk) has to be direct observation until we get
some sensor system.

Ms. Atkinson: Exactly.

Council Member Kniss: One more garage?


                                                                       Page 76 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
