                          TRANSCRIPT
Council, as well as the way it would be implemented in terms of the
infrastructure, whether it would be gates or, as you may recall, there was
the lights for single-space occupancy or space available, which then are
ultimately communicated to the signs that shows where the spaces are
available. They are tied together in that way. As such, Staff does believe
that completing the paid parking study will provide the baseline information
that will make for better decisions on the other two.

Mayor Burt:     There's no way to accelerate the paid parking study if
everything's (inaudible) on that. Right?

Mr. Shikada: I think the key driver there is data collection as well as the
stakeholder engagement, which is under way. Hillary can correct me if I'm
wrong. At this point it's not a Staff capacity per se; it's working through the
Palo Alto process.

Mr. Keene: We're talking about six months.

Mayor Burt: Six months before we can then begin the next set of things as
opposed to six months before we can really move forward (inaudible).

Ms. Gitelman: Can I add just one more thought to this discussion? The
parking guidance systems, Item Number 40, is much farther along than the
parking access and revenue control item. If there was an interest in
prioritizing one of these, we would say parking guidance systems is the one
that's ready.

Mayor Burt: Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: My understanding was that we'd already given
direction and we'd made at least some tentative decision. I don't have it at
my fingertips. We'd come to a conclusion about parking guidance systems.
At least accelerating that to yellow, I don't think throws everything upside
down. I would argue that at least continuing more exploration around 35
even to the yellow status could ...

Mayor Burt: Did you mean 40 instead of ...

Council Member Wolbach: No, no. I think 40 should be moved to yellow or
green and 35—just to say my position here—could probably move to yellow.
I understand the Staff comments.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote first on 35 and whether we want to ask Staff to come
back on how that could be accelerated. That is three. Let's now vote on 40.
That is five. Now, for wrap-up. We've got our straw votes. If we just look

                                                                        Page 96 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
