                         TRANSCRIPT
looked better. That's all I have to report other than to announce that next
week I hope to have a brief set of pictures identifying the range of various
Bike and Pedestrian Plan improvements that have been taking place around
the City this summer as part of our Bike Plan. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Because I think our food scrap program is so
interesting and you've given some pretty substantial data, how are they
actually measuring that? What was the amount you said? Some huge
amount.

Mr. Keene: It was our sense 60 percent of the residential food scraps are
being diverted. That question I don't know the answer to. I'll be happy to
get it to the Council. I mean, exactly the methodology.

Council Member Kniss: We pretty much know 60 percent are being diverted.

Mr. Keene: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: Love more information when you have it.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have four speakers.
If anyone else would like to speak, please bring a card forward at this time.
Our first speaker is Stan Shore, to be followed by Hank Sousa. Welcome.

Stan Shore: Thank you, Council. My name is Stan Shore. I live at 242
Kellogg Avenue, directly across the street from the Castilleja—one of the
entrances. Castilleja has recently submitted plans to increase student
enrollment from 415 to a huge 540 students, the largest increase ever. I'm
100 percent opposed to the 125-student increase. I'm also 100 percent
opposed to the mass and scale of this project, which is not compatible with
this residential neighborhood. This huge project is totally out of character
for this neighborhood of single-family homes. The project, when finished,
will result in more students, more faculty, more staff and more visitors than
all of the combined residents living in the households surrounding Castilleja.
This project will overwhelm the neighborhood, will increase traffic and
congestion and negatively impact Professorville and Old Palo Alto. Most
neighbors are strongly opposed to the 540 students; however, some
neighbors are okay with 450 students providing Castilleja constructs an on-
premise, underground garage that holds 125 or more vehicles. Should City

                                                                         Page 7 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
