                          TRANSCRIPT
together all the stakeholders in developing a comprehensive, strategic plan
for the whole City with specific projects supported by real data and following
the outcome of the hopefully successful VTA tax, so we know what that's
going to be for and how much money we'll be getting. The Chamber has
repeatedly said that we are willing to work with the City as one of the many
stakeholders that should work together to develop solutions to traffic and
parking challenges, to arrive at solutions that are sustainable, supportable
and benefit residents and businesses. The old adage that form follows
substance should apply here. You need to determine the substance first,
and then decide what form it should take to fund everything. This just
might be the perfect time to bring back the Palo Alto process. Let's take the
time to figure it out. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Simon Cintz to be followed by Peter Stone.

Simon Cintz: Hello. My name is Simon Cintz. I'm a property owner here in
Palo Alto. Our family has owned four small commercial properties since the
1950s. We have a number of tenants in those properties. For the most
part, those tenants are small businesses, and most of their customers are
residents that live in Palo Alto. Also as it turns out, doing a count of the four
business owners that we have, four of them actually are Palo Alto residents
and like being in Palo Alto because they're literally close to home. I'm very
concerned about the City's process here, as Judy Kleinberg was talking
about just a minute ago. Actually, I think it's better said to be lack of
process in regards to the business community. The City Manager said
something to the effect that he would be hard pressed to say his Staff was
doing its best work given the timeframe allowed here to get this pushed
forward to this coming election. I would hope that you would take seriously
his reservations and also the reservations of a business community that
really has not been involved in this. You would never think of putting a tax
measure on the ballot that would affect residents without getting them very
closely involved in how it would work. Why would you do something
different to the business community that is very crucial to not only the
revenues the City collects but also to the services that Palo Alto residents
depend on? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Peter Stone to be followed by Annette Ross.

Peter Stone: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and Council Members. Peter Stone
speaking also on behalf of the Chamber. I'm not going to repeat everything
Judy said. I think she was quite eloquent. I want to emphasize just a
couple of points. First of all, I think she did make this point, but it's of great
enough concern I wanted to emphasize it. That is at least three taxes on
the ballot issue for the fall. She mentioned the Chamber has taken a

                                                                           Page 67 of 98
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/27/16
