                         TRANSCRIPT
revived and something that could potentially help people coming across the
Dumbarton Corridor. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's see. We're a quarter of 11:00 P.M.. We have
one other brief item that we want to do. If any colleagues would like to
make high level, not go into our specifics tonight, but ones about process or
the general way that we're approaching, that may be the most useful thing
to do in the next few minutes. If anybody has anything, feel free to hit a
light. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I guess here we are at 11:00 P.M. on our first
meeting. We had a consent item on RPP. Council in December of 2014 said
this was an important policy decision to move forward on, on dealing with
growth management. It was promised to come back as an Action Item on
the Council's schedule, both in August 2015 and February 2016. It came
back on Consent tonight. We will discuss it later. We had a discussion on
411 Lytton, went on for a long time. Again it was a growth management
issue. A lot of comments made by people were we need to have more
general discussions of policies about growth management because specific
Codes now don't help us. Now we come to one of those general discussions
that has been promised for month after month.             The first element,
Transportation Element.      It's being postponed.    Staff should really be
planning on how to get strategic items on the Council Agenda, so Council
can have some input. We're being given a management—a Transportation
Element that has been worked on for hundreds of hours by the CAC.
Present us with details, but the two times we've had a discussion about the
process, the point was made that we should have a framework first of
priorities, second a quantitative framework to operate from, so that we don't
just start talking about the Transportation Element, but how it's related to
the Land Use Element. Now both of those appear to be getting postponed. I
think we should not leave here tonight until we have a concrete date when
the Transportation Element and the Land Use Element come to us, so we can
talk about those two things together. That's essential strategic planning,
and we've got to do that.

Mayor Burt: The one comment I would like to make is about the issue of
how we integrate our Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) with the
Comprehensive Plan. They're two different documents having overlapping
but different scope, certain common purposes and certain different ones. I
think we really need to be thinking about assuring the relationship between
those and the reconciliation between them, cross-referencing in each of
those two documents so that we can see when we have—for instance, the
Transportation Element and say this applies to fulfilling this program in the
S/CAP and vice versa in the S/CAP for where in the Comp Plan we're fulfilling
                                                                       Page 84 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/15/16
