                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I'm happy to get rid of redundancies.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's fine.

Council Member DuBois: … need to be there because we're replacing it.

Mr. Lait: I thought you were looking at the A in the Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Everybody good with that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yep.

Mr. Lait: Just to make sure, part of the Motion is the adjustments to Finding
Number 5. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yep, that goes in.

Council Member Holman: And the local.

Mr. Lait: That's striking the word "local" in Finding 2(b).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “

B.    Replace Municipal Code Section 18.76.020 (d)(5) with, ‘the landscape
      design complements and enhances the building design and its
      surroundings, is appropriate to the site’s functions, and utilizes to the
      extent practical, regional indigenous drought-resistant plant material
      capable of providing desirable habitat and that can be appropriately
      maintained;’ and

C.    Remove from Municipal Code Section 18.76.020 (2)(b), ‘local’ after
      ‘including historic.’”

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded
by Council Member Wolbach to adopt an Ordinance modifying the
Architectural Review (AR) approval findings including the following changes:

A.    Remove from 18.76.020 (d)(1), “(including context-based design
      criteria, as applicable)” and replace 18.76.020(d)(2)(c) with, “is
      consistent with the context-based design criteria of the applicable zone
      district;” and

B.    Replace Municipal Code Section 18.76.020 (d)(5) with, “the landscape
      design complements and enhances the building design and its
      surroundings, is appropriate to the site’s functions, and utilizes to the

                                                                          Page 51 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/14/16
