                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Schmid, it's always difficult tackling a huge
project like this that has interrelated and interlocking pieces. We had to
start somewhere. We started with the Transportation Element. I think the
CAC has done their best to think ahead and have been very interested, as
some of the other Council Members have suggested, in circling back at some
point and making sure that we have full integration between the topics. The
schedule we're showing is asking the CAC to get through every Element
once, and then to circle back and look at the whole thing as an integrated
piece. We really just couldn't figure out a way to do it all at once. That's
the way it's been planned out.

Council Member Schmid: I would assume they would need to look fresh
when the Land Use Element is discussed. I guess the second striking thing
was the introduction. The introduction takes up half the 52 pages. It has
big statements in there of conclusions, like help people choose not to drive,
support economic development. Those are assumptions that would be part
of the land use and the economic side. Yet, they're put in the introduction
as basic assumptions. I just find that very striking. Is that introduction
meant to be a statement of assumptions?

Ms. Gitelman: It's really meant as an introduction to explain some of the
background, to allow the reader to really have a little bit of foreknowledge
before going into the policies and programs. We fully anticipated one of the
Council's questions would be to prune that back a little. It did get a little
long and windy there. I expect that one of your suggestions—we've heard
from others—will be in the next iteration to do what we can to trim that a
little.

Council Member Schmid: The third element is there's a big piece in here of
TMA and the impacts of TMA. I know we got an information report on the
TMA.    I did note, in looking at the documentation from the VTA on
transportation impact analysis guidelines, they have a big section in there on
trip reduction strategies. They mention effective TDM programs having an
impact up to five percent on the financial analysis. They state pretty clearly
that this might be conservative, but it's the number that should be used.
Why are our TMA numbers so far off the numbers in the VTA?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. You're talking about the goal for a mode shift?
You're saying the VTA is suggesting five percent? I think we think we can do
far better than that in our transit-served areas like Downtown, where we
already have a very high mode share to transit. We think that there's a lot
of low-hanging fruit to encourage far more than a five percent shift with a
reasonable amount of investment.


                                                                       Page 95 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
