                         TRANSCRIPT
of on this list for a long time of looking at it to see about adjusting that
zoning.

Mayor Burt: I do think this is something we need to look at long term. One
of the things I was told was that we're not getting a bunch of those projects
because they would require a lot combining. I probably could be persuaded
that even though it's something we want to do, I'm not sure that it's so
urgent and, in my mind, it now ties in with what we want to do in residential
zoning in the Downtown areas. For that reason, I'm not going to support
accelerating those, not because I don't think we need to do it eventually.
Let's go ahead. Those who think that Item 39 should be placed at a higher
priority than we have before us. Four. Parking access revenue controls,
that's for the Downtown garages. I'm sorry. It was told to me earlier, but
can someone remind me the hold-up? We thought we were ready to go—I
think you explained, Hillary, but I've forgotten. Why is this now on red?

Ms. Gitelman: Both the parking access and revenue controls and the
parking guidance systems are being sequenced to follow the paid parking
study. The parking study will not only determine if we can finance them
with parking revenues, but it will help us determine what kind of access and
revenue controls we want to us in our lots and garages.

Mayor Burt: When would the paid parking study be done?

Ms. Gitelman: It's scheduled to be finished by the end of the year.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor, Number 33 was put—my notes say
that Number 33, which is the paid parking, is also in the parking lot list.

Council Member Berman: It seems like it'd be green.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's green.

Mayor Burt: What's the question?

Council Member Holman: My question about it is—it seems like that's gotten
a life of its own without Council direction, unless I'm not remembering well.
For me, I think it should be downgraded.

Mayor Burt: I think there was Council direction on that as part of our last
(crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: If paid parking is parking meters ...



                                                                      Page 91 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
