                          TRANSCRIPT
programs and services during that time. The bottom line lease revenue
picture with Foothill leaving. We have this table here that shows three rows.
The first row, Row A, shows the projected Foothill College lease revenue had
they remained at Cubberley. Row B shows the estimated lease revenue
from the new tenants. Row C shows the difference between what Foothill
College would have paid in lease revenue compared to the new tenants and
what they will pay. What you can see here is in Fiscal Year 2017 we
anticipate a decline in revenues from what we would have received from
Foothill College of about $149,000. This decline in revenue will be shared
with the School District 50/50. It's important to note that in the adopted
Fiscal Year '17 budget we included a more conservative loss of $500,000.
This is to the positive; although, not as far as we would have liked to be.
It's still pretty good news, I think. In Fiscal Year '18 and '19, the new lease
revenue is anticipated to be very close to reaching the former Foothill
College lease revenues. We hope actually we can reach that. We're still a
little bit conservative here, but after several months into the new leases we'll
be able to report back with some more fine-tuned projections. Just a brief
update on the Cubberley infrastructure fund. As you recall, we put aside
$1.8 million for future Cubberley planning and infrastructure when the
covenant not to develop was removed from the lease. The balance of that
fund is $2.6 million. We have some capital improvement plans for the
coming years, certainly even this year, including a restroom out by the
athletic fields, roof replacements throughout the 5-year capital plan, general
repairs related to health and safety as needed, and of course the Cubberley
Master Plan is in the Capital Improvement Program (CIP). As we conclude
the presentation, just an update on the Master Plan.             In March, the
Superintendent, Dr. Max McGee, and Jim Keene, our City Manager, signed a
compact to commit themselves and both organizations to really get going on
a plan for Cubberley. The City has explored a couple of design thinking
options with Ideo and the Stanford D School and SAP; although, we don't
have any agreement in place yet. City and School District Staff are meeting
regularly.      We certainly want to build on the work of the Cubberley
Community Advisory Committee that was done a couple of years ago. Not a
lot to report on the Master Plan. I feel like we're behind; we need to be
doing more here. It's a bit of a challenge to put a tentative timeline in terms
of next steps, where we think we're headed with the Master Plan. There's an
important meeting happening tomorrow evening at the School Board.
They've been discussing their enrollment and school size and class sizes.
There's an item on the agenda that talks about a new school and what that
might mean and a variety of options. We really do need to know what the
School District wants to do at Cubberley. If it's some type of school, that
impacts what we might do with regard to a Master Plan, very different than
if they want to use Cubberley as their administrative buildings, which they've
also talked about. We're trying to get a little more direction from the School
                                                                         Page 12 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
