                         TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

17.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9606 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Confirming the Weed Abatement Report and
      Ordering Cost of Abatement to be a Special Assessment on the
      Respective Properties Described Therein.”

Mayor Burt: Now we get to move on to our Action Items, the first being
adoption of a resolution confirming the weed abatement report and ordering
cost of abatement to be a special assessment on the respective properties
described therein. This is an annual process that we go through to renew
our Weed Abatement Ordinance. Who leads this from the Staff level?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Burt. There's no specific
Staff Report on this item. The Staff Report is complete. We invite Council's
Motion.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 6:55 P.M.

Mayor Burt: We have no cards from members of the public, so we need to
entertain a Motion. Is there Staff language on the Motion? This is a Public
Hearing. We have no cards, but I'm going to open the Public Hearing. With
no cards, I'll be closing the Public Pearing. We need to have a Motion to
approve the resolution, is our action. Correct?

Ms. Stump: Correct. Adopt the attached resolution, confirming the report
and ordering abatement costs to be a special assessment on the properties
listed in the report.

Mayor Burt: Do we have such a Motion?

Council Member Kniss: Such a Motion exists. Yes, I move it.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Kniss, second by Council Member
Schmid. Do you wish to speak to your Motion?

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt a Resolution confirming the Weed Abatement Report and
order abatement costs to be a special assessment on the properties specified
in the report.


                                                                     Page 15 of 116
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/20/16
