                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I thought you had asked just for questions.
Clarity so that we don't repeat ourselves too. Item Number 13 on the
Agenda, while the subject is local funding strategies, in the executive
summary it says the current item has been agendized to permit the Council
to discuss transportation programs more generally and provide follow-up
direction to Staff and/or an ad hoc committee. So that we're not repeating
ourselves, is Item 13 really intended to just address funding only or to have
a conversation about the mechanisms? If I can get some clarity on that, it
would be really helpful.

Mayor Burt: This evening it's intended to focus on the funding. We have a
scheduled Council meeting in approximately a month. Joshuah, do you
happen to know the date where we'll have our full update on Citywide
transportation initiatives? Is that on the agenda for a specific date?

James Keene, City Manager: I don't know, Mr. Mayor, if we've got a single
item. We have a series of individual items coming relating to parking
strategies, the shuttle. Over the next two months, we probably have four or
five different items.

Mayor Burt: It was not conceived that tonight we would be able to address
all of those different programs. What we wanted to do was encourage first
these two presentations tonight to really get an update on what's happening
and even what's possible through these kinds of TMA initiatives and to add
the Item 13 so that we could look at potential funding alternatives that
might be timely.

Council Member Holman: That's helpful to have that clarity. Thank you to
all of those who have volunteered and for Staff for your leadership on this.
Don't let any of my questions or comments take away from that, because
that still holds true. I do have some questions. The Business Registry as a
strong tie into this is referenced a couple of times in the Staff Report. If we
have three largest employers that represent—I made a note somewhere—
300-plus each, if those 300—I don't know how many employees that is. The
proposal is to get 30 percent reduction of single occupancy vehicle trips, and
it's 5,500 SOV trips now. How many employees do the larger employees
represent versus the medium-size employees versus the small-size
employees? Do we have that break out?

Mr. George: We do. We have percentages. I don't have exact numbers in
front of me. Employers with 1-25 employees represent 24 percent of the
total Downtown employees. Businesses with 26-100 employees represent
32 percent of the total Downtown employees. This is based off our survey


                                                                         Page 45 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
