                         TRANSCRIPT
couple hundred feet. We're also recommending some strategic parking
removal along the bike boulevard corridors. This is based on observed
safety concerns, both from Staff and from residents that we heard at the
community meetings. One of the things that we're hoping to achieve is
what's called daylighting. This is where you pull the parking back from the
intersections in order to improve the sight lines for both motorists,
pedestrians and cyclists. This is shown to be highly effective. Two studies
that we've identified show a 30 percent reduction in pedestrian collisions at
intersections that have been day-lighted. In most instances, we're only
recommending removal of one to two parking spaces on each approach of
the intersections. That provides a really big benefit to sight lines at the
intersections for all users. We hosted kind of a wrap-up public meeting back
in March at the Ohlone Elementary School. We got some great feedback
from the public. We presented the concept plans that are in front of you this
evening. Some of the major comments were around roundabouts. There
were both positive and negative comments about roundabouts, generally
more positive, but there were folks who were concerned about how cyclists
and motorists would navigate them. There were also some requests to
increase our education around bike boulevards and some of the treatments
that we're recommending. We're definitely going to look at that as part of
our Safe Routes to School program. We also presented these concept plans
to the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and Palo Alto Bicycle
Advisory Committee (PABAC) in April and May. Again, we received general
comments from PTC and PABAC which include the roundabouts should
include landscaping, which we have always assumed that we would include
some type of landscaping. There were assorted comments regarding stop
sign removal, some concern around the color of directional signage as well
as curb extensions forcing cyclists into the travel lane. That concludes our
presentation on the general overview and general comments received on the
bike boulevard concepts that are before you this evening. The next step in
the presentation will be the Bryant Street update specific elements.

Mayor Burt: We can now entertain questions of Staff on the general nature.
I have a question for the City Attorney. We have a number of public
comments. Do we need to be concerned about restricting which public
comments apply to the general versus the specific Bryant, where the conflict
is?

Ms. Stump: It's fine to take the public comment as part of the general. If
Council Members wish to pick up particular portions of the public testimony
or questions that arise through that process, perhaps you can allocate them
into the various bucks as you respond to Staff and as you sometimes pass
questions onto Staff.

                                                                      Page 18 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
