                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: If that's difficult, then this is a single parcel
currently. Why would we not just go for—there's the enforcement and how
we could apply it. Dropping lot lines down where imaginary property lines
basically exist, could we recommend that instead? The applicant would, I
presume, have to agree with that. Do you know what I'm saying? There
are already three houses that exist. The largest parcel here could already
have another unit put on it. Do we have any discretionary ability to do that
as opposed to the proposed new parcel subdivision that they're proposing?
One of the benefits that they're talking about is adding another unit. What
they're proposing and promoting is that we'll get one more housing unit.
That's a key proponent aspect of this subdivision. Why could we not just say
if you don't agree with adding an extra unit, then we would approve adding
property lines where the current residences would be protected or
preserved?

Ms. Silver: What you want to do from a zoning perspective is try to bring
the property into conformance. If you just drop the property lines down
around the existing houses, I don't think that the result will be as
conforming as what's being proposed.

Council Member Holman: Because? Because already there's an exception
built into what we're looking to approve too.

Ms. Silver: Yes. Under both scenarios, if the applicant doesn't move
forward with the new projects, the before and after will be the same.
However, the underlying property boundaries, obviously, are going to be
different. As the project redevelops, what we want to do is encourage lots
that conform to the existing Zoning Code. That's the intent here.

Council Member Holman:       Again, it's with exception, is what's being
proposed.

Ms. Silver: Yes. The lots will not be entirely in conformance with the
existing Code, but the three resulting lots will be more in compliance with
the Code than what exists now.

Council Member Holman: I may come back to this. I'll come back to this
I'm sure.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I guess just along the same lines of fitting into the
neighborhood. If you look at Packet Page 204, it has a map of the
surrounding neighborhood. I would estimate that 95 percent of the lots in
that neighborhood are 6,000-7,000 square feet. They are asking for a
                                                                       Page 18 of 56
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 11/14/16
