                          TRANSCRIPT
park was like rather than seeing lots of little pieces of art dropped around
individual campuses.

Ms. Goldman: Taking advantage of the really unique resources and tools
that are available in Palo Alto becomes a really important contributor to the
way the Public Art Program is promoted and received. There are all kinds of
ways, even now looking at Pokémon Go has become a tool for finding
artwork. Also just really partnering with the technology that is here to really
put the word out.

Ms. Goldstein: Again, building partnerships for education, whether that is
getting Stanford students to work as Public Art docents or it's working with
the schools, making sure that education is a key part of public art. That's
one way to get people to embrace it, by developing educational programs so
that people feel that they're a part of what's going on and they know more
about it.

Ms. Goldman: To really again reinforce the involvement of regional and
national artists in planning within the City by putting them on Boards and
Commissions, thinking about their role in advocating the importance of site-
specific design. Also having artists in residence by embedding them within
certain City departments where they could help in design-related solutions.

Ms. DeMarzo: I'm going to jump back in from the Staff side on Objective 9.
Ensuring that the artwork is maintained, conservation efforts are underway,
and the collection reviews occur regularly. As you all know, we have a
pretty robust collection. The care and maintenance of it does take quite a
bit of Staff effort. We've been fortunate enough and are very grateful for
some additional maintenance funds, which began coming to us about four
years ago. We absolutely utilize every dime of it. As a result, we've been
able to really keep the collection—take care of some pieces that were in dire
need of assistance and also to do some of that preventative maintenance.
There are a number of policies and procedures that the consultants looked
at. We've also been working very closely with the City Attorney about our
policies regarding gifts policies, deaccession policy, murals policy and
temporary Public Art policies. These were all recommendations that the
consultant made that we would look at. There are some sample policies in
the Staff Report. There are also some minor Code changes which would
come back to the Council. Rhy, I'll turn it to you.

Ms. Halpern: This is our last objective, Objective Number 11. It has to do
really with the capacity of the program. Successful administration of the
Public Art Program is an objective here. Where we're at now is we're at a
point of growth where we're really at our capacity. Just to give you an idea,

                                                                         Page 66 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
