                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Perhaps we can get clarification on a couple of
things. Is the housing square footage—in response to Council Member
Wolbach's question, is it the 8,658 or the 6,316? The plan set to me looks
like it's two units, but I keep hearing reference to three units. If it's three,
can Staff point as to where it is?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. The three units, there's the existing single-family residence.

Council Member Holman: Not in the new building but in the—it's not a new
unit. It's an existing unit that's being counted towards the three. Two new
units.

Mr. Lait: When you merge the lots together, there would be three units.

Council Member Holman: It's two new units. Thank you. The project
height, I keep looking at the plans and have in the past. It seems like it's
actually taller than 40 feet at least at places. I thought there was comment
by Staff that the project had been reduced to 38 feet.

Mr. Ah Sing: Right. The way the height is taken, it's the average. The
plans, I believe, have 40 feet; however, it is supposed to be 38 feet. That
was what was approved.

Council Member Holman: Can Staff respond? I didn't know that we did
averages of height.    I thought we did—the highest point was what
determined the height.

Jodie Gerhardt, Planning Manager: Yes, I can find the Code language. For
sloped roofs, we do the average.

Council Member Holman: For sloped roofs. It seems to me like the flat roof
portion is higher than 40 feet. I'll give you a moment for that. The plans
that were in our packet and that we've all poured over don't have a date on
them. In the conditions of approval and everything, there's no reference to
a plan set or a plan set date. It's important because if we either support or
continue or deny the project, we still need to know what it is that we're
referring to.

Mr. Lait: The date is March 14, 2016. It's a stamp that we have on another
set of plans that we have in our administrative record. These plans are the
same as those plans.

Council Member Holman: It's what date?

Mr. Lait: March 14, 2016.

                                                                          Page 45 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
