                         TRANSCRIPT

MOTION RESTATED:         Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Scharff to:

A.   Adopt the administrative guidelines proposed by the Director of
     Planning and Community Environment in conformance with Section
     18.85.208 of the Ordinance establishing an interim annual limit on the
     amount of Office/R&D space that can be approved each fiscal year;
     and

B.   Direct Staff to add clarification to descriptions to allow for increased
     variation in scoring to highlight successful programs; and

C.   Replace 1. Impacts (b) Considerations for Each Criterion with,
     “projects will receive up to 20 Points if they result in the lowest traffic
     impacts;” and

D.   Replace 2. Design (c) Consideration for Each Criterion with, “receive
     up to 20 points for the highest quality design;” and

E.   Remove from 5. Uses (c) Consideration for Each Criterion, “than four.”

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the board. That passes unanimously. Very good.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. As I understood the motion, you're leaving a
little bit up to Staff to work with each of these to make sure we'll have an
explanation that will end up with a range. There was a typo that Council
Member Berman found that we'll correct. There were a couple of other
clarifying changes in the Administrative Guidelines that we'd like to make
going forward. We'll make sure the Council receives a final version.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Holman: Could I just ask one question please?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Holman: If Staff could get back with us the clarification
about why we aren't running up the rest of the way on El Camino in this
map, what the direction was and if this is accurate.

Ms. Gitelman: I just hesitate—I'm not sure I'm going to be able to go back
and recreate what all the thinking was in drafting the ordinance. As Mayor
                                                                         Page 70 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
