                          TRANSCRIPT
highest fees and we're going to raise the most money. I'm interested in
producing housing. I'm interested in producing affordable housing, and I'm
interested in producing market-rate housing. We actually for the first time
in Palo Alto, since I've been on the Council—I don't remember before that,
the last time we had a large apartment complex. We've actually had two
large apartment complexes come forward. We've had the one on Sheridan,
and we've had the one on Park Boulevard. Both of those are fairly large
apartments for Palo Alto. We are just starting to see apartments being built
in Palo Alto, I think, for the first time in like 20 years. I can't think of any
other apartment complexes literally in 20 years before that. I don't really
want to impose a $50 fee where we go ahead and we may stop this, where
we're actually getting some apartments. We all talked about how important
affordable housing is and how important creating new housing is. If we
really believe that, we should vote for Council Member Schmid's
amendment. That's really what we want to do here, actually produce the
housing, not just say we have the highest fees and, therefore, we are
theoretically going to produce more affordable housing. I'd urge you to
support this.

Mayor Burt: I've cleared the board just so that people can hit their lights to
speak specifically on the amendment. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll also be supporting the amendment. As I
alluded to earlier, I actually think we made a mistake at the Finance
Committee. Council Member Schmid tried to warn us at the time. Based on
further discussions with people who work in the nonprofit sector, who work
on actually trying to build and provide and manage affordable housing in our
community and in the region, I realized that we did have an oversight. As I
mentioned before, our goal was to focus really just on getting units onsite,
but that's not the whole picture. We are, for instance, using our affordable
housing fund as centrally important in trying to preserve Buena Vista. If we
didn't have some funding in that affordable housing fund, we wouldn't be
able to do that. We talk about balance. There are a lot of different things
we're trying to balance here. One of those is having some units onsite,
which is useful, and also having some funds so that we can do other
projects, whether it's supporting Buena Vista or helping with an expansion or
a future affordable housing site. We need to have a little bit of both of
those. Without repeating them all, I'll echo everything that Vice Mayor
Scharff just said. I'll also point out that there was—the maker of the original
Motion made a couple of comments that I think might have been a little
contradictory, but he'll have an opportunity to weigh in. One of those was to
say that we should really, as I understood, be focused on what we want,
which is affordable housing. He followed up by saying we should prioritize
and encourage home ownership. Those might not be compatible, but they're
                                                                          Page 65 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
