                          TRANSCRIPT
Candace Gonzalez, Palo Alto Housing Corporation President and CEO: Thank
you, Hillary. Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Before
beginning the presentation, I just want to say briefly that I want to be frank.
Obviously after Maybell, we've been hesitant to bring forth another project.
We struggle with trying to make it financially feasible, and we're concerned
about the support needed. I think it's time to really put Maybell behind us
and figure out solutions that will work for the whole community. We really
do want to engage in deeper community engagement. Thank you. We
appreciate the opportunity to reintroduce Palo Alto Housing. Our mission is
to build, develop and manage affordable housing in the community. As
Hillary mentioned, we also administer the City's below market rate program.
With our properties, we have lots of supportive services to ensure that our
residents are empowered and thrive in their units. We currently serve over
2,000 Palo Alto residents. We serve very low, extremely low, and low
income individuals, families and seniors. We really try to serve the most
vulnerable in our community. Our 100 percent affordable housing projects
target extremely low to low income individuals, while the BMR onsite units
target 60 to 120 percent of the area median income. We're really serving
two different populations with the different programs we work with. I think
it's important to note that preference at most of our sites are given to
people who already live or work in Palo Alto. In the last few years as we've
done lease-ups, almost 100 percent of the units have been leased up to
people who already currently live or work in Palo Alto. It's a perfect
example of the housing crisis. A few months ago in 2016, we opened up the
wait list at the Sheridan Apartments. It's our only senior housing project.
The wait list hadn't been opened for at least six or seven years. In one day,
over 500 applications were received, and actually over 50 people camped
out the night before starting at 6:00 P.M. The housing crisis is definitely
real. Here's a few of our residents that we just want to show off, that are
doing good work in the community. This page is important. It outlines the
challenges we face when developing affordable housing. The bottom line is
we need the land, the funding, the right zoning and community support. To
touch briefly on land, it's hard to find vacant land in Palo Alto. For funding,
oftentimes we need six to twelve different funding sources to make a project
feasible. One of our main funding sources is the tax credits. Probably 90
percent of our funding comes from tax credits. Every round, only one in
three or one in four projects win. We're competing with other nonprofit
developers and actually other for-profit developers as well. An important
thing to point out with tax credits is that there is a high cost test. This
places a cap on per unit construction costs. That's why we struggle with
trying to build within existing zoning, because we need it to be financial
feasible. As an example, we have a project in Mountain View, and the cap
this year was around $170,000 per unit for construction costs. We needed
the number of units to make it feasible. Third, we need the zoning to make
                                                                         Page 2 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
