                          TRANSCRIPT
part of the results will take a full year. This is a very complicated area, and
it'll be a multiyear process as we peel away the layers of the onion.

Mayor Burt: In the end, Policy and Services Committee certainly was at
least open if not even strongly interested in understanding not only the
information gaps that we have today, but whether additional measures
should be taken in the future. We ended up being persuaded that these
measures and primarily Measure 5 are significant steps beyond what we've
done in the past. For at least the next dry season, they would be the next
step that we would recommend. That's what came out of the Committee.
Given the late hour, we can entertain both comments and Motions. I have
Vice Mayor Scharff, to be followed by Council Member Holman.

Vice Mayor Scharff: First of all, I'd like to thank the Staff and the Policy and
Services Committee. I think you guys did a great job. I can't remember,
but wasn't this one of the meetings that went to like 11:00 at night for
Policy and Services?

Mr. Keene: We had at least a three-hour discussion on this, maybe a four-
hour discussion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think you guys did a really great and measured job.
When I read through this, it all makes perfect sense. I think the three-tiered
approach with the Group 1, Group 2 and Group 3 is a really good approach.
I'm really pleased with the way we're looking at this. I also wanted to thank
Save Palo Alto's Groundwater. I think you've raised some important issues
and will obviously continue to do so as we continue to have this
conversation. With that said, I'd like to move the Staff recommendation
which as I understand goes like this. It would be to start with approve the
five Group 1 Basement Construction Dewatering Program changes for the
2016 construction season. On a pilot basis—that would be one. Two would
be, if you go to packet page 429, where it says Staff will continue working
with the Santa Clara Valley Water District in an already ongoing effort on
developing a further understanding of the North County groundwater
systems, impacts of groundwater pumping and opportunities for enhanced
groundwater recharge. At the bottom of that paragraph, it says Staff will
provide an update on the work plan for this effort to the Policy and Services
Committee in the first quarter of 2016. Then we move over to three ...

Mayor Burt: Were you proposing all of that language in the Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was. That's why I was reading it. That's why I was
sort of saying where it was.

Mayor Burt: Just want to be clear.
                                                                         Page 53 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
