                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Metz: I'm sorry, Mayor. One other thing I would add in response to
what Council Member Kniss said, because we'd looking at a sample of likely
2016 voters who are presidential election voters, those who will vote in 2018
are a subset of that. We could even model for you what the difference in
levels of support might be in those two elections.        Looking at those
presidential voters who will drop off and seeing if support is substantially
lower in 2018 as a result. We could make that part of our analysis.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth, and then I think we're ready to vote.

Council Member Filseth: I think we need to fund this. I think this is the
right way to do this. Taking what we've learned from the polls and having
the committee go back and see if they can take this information and
strategize a way forward, I think is the right thing to do.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Please vote on the board.     That passes
unanimously. More work. Thanks to everybody who hung in on this.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: We have nothing to report on Intergovernmental Affairs.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: I actually have several things to try to quickly report out, two
of them important. Does anybody else want to go first on Council Member
Questions and Comments? Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me just address this briefly. It's become such a
difficult situation. Many of you have gotten letters from the Bay Area
Refinery Workers urging me how to vote on a rule and regulation that we
actually voted on last week. Just by way of explanation, Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) rules are not as stringent as the rules are in
California for controlling particularly emissions from refineries.     It was
passed 17-4; it was very definitive. It's been a long time coming. I've had
so many questions and even handwritten letters about it as to what was
going on. I guarantee it's a far more stringent rule and regulation than what
is required by the U.S. Government. Passed, done and in place.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Two things. One, I attended an event last
Tuesday hosted by Project Sentinel that provides services for Palo Alto
around housing. I also noticed a member of our Planning Staff was there.
                                                                     Page 133 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
