                          TRANSCRIPT

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's really traffic and parking.

Council Member DuBois: Traffic and parking.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Will receive up to 20 points if they could not result in
significant traffic impacts pursuant to CEQA, have a robust TDM program,
and if they would provide Code-required parking.

Council Member DuBois: I didn't want to wordsmith each criterion, but I
actually thought the comments were about not sticking to CEQA and
awarding points for mitigations even better than that. We had these ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I'd prefer actually. We could take out the
term CEQA. That's why I just added in a robust TDM program because
that's sort of at a minimum that they would do that. I'm fine with
(crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: Or again if they add half a second of impact, that's
better than 1 second even if they're both not substantial impacts.

Mayor Burt: May I briefly wade in? I think the TDM program is the means
to what we would be measuring which is the trip impacts. If they basically
have a project that has no trip impacts through TDM or whatever other
means, which I can't envision what that might be, then they score really
well. If they have modest impacts, they'd score not so well. If they have
high impacts, they'd score poorly. I don't know that we have to ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can we add 20 if they do not result in traffic impacts?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Or in lowest traffic impacts. They'd score highest for the
least traffic impacts. That's basically what we're trying to get at.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You want to put project will receive up to 20 points if
they result in the lowest traffic impacts?

Council Member DuBois: That is fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “replace 1. Impacts (b)
Considerations for Each Criterion with, ‘projects will receive up to 20 points if
they result in the lowest traffic impacts.’”

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is Staff going to be okay with interpreting that?

                                                                          Page 65 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
