                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I think that may be the subsequent Ordinance. I think we got
some good guidance the last time that we came to Council on this issue. Let
me just look at the definition of retail. That's the Citywide retail.

Council Member Holman: Mayor Burt will want to speak to this. Clarification
of the definition of office allowance. I don't remember the exact zoning.
Allowing research and development as general office and also limiting office
size. We've had instances where we talk about how large offices are taking
over and also doing research and development.

Mayor Burt: What do you want to put in the Motion?

Council Member Holman: Staff to come back with a clarification of office
definition that differentiates between general office and research and
development.

Council Member Kniss: That's not (crosstalk) for me.

Council Member Holman: Apologies. It's getting too late. Apologies. You
are right. Thank you.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return with clarification of
Office Use definition that differentiates between general office and research
and development.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Holman: Basement, I said I'd leave that to the Mayor.
That may be it. I think that's it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have to apologize. I'm actually not feeling very
well, so I'd like to make my comments and then I may head out. I had a
question. Does Staff have any proposal for changing the appeal process?
That was a big part about the discussion in August. I don't really see it in
here.

Mr. Lait: Referring to the waiver ...

Council Member DuBois: A hardship case.

Mr. Lait: The constitutional taking standard. That's coming back in the
Citywide Ordinance, where we will be looking at that. That's not in this
Ordinance here.
                                                                      Page 95 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
