                          TRANSCRIPT
of parking spaces you eliminate from the parking district area. That's only
fair to not increase the density of nonresident cars. It's certainly fair to
reduce the parking spaces as you need them along Bryant. I have no
problem with reducing parking space; all I ask is to reduce the limit of 2,000
accordingly. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Eric Nordman to be followed by Emma Shlaes.

Eric Nordman: My name is Eric Nordman. I've lived in Palo Alto for over 40
years. The bicycle boulevard network is critical to addressing key Palo Alto
goals, to double the bike commute rates and cut greenhouse gas emissions
by 15 percent. This is not just my view. Sam Adams, when Mayor of
Portland, said, "We did a lot of research and we did a lot of focus groups on
what it would take to get from eight percent to 25 percent of all trips by
bike. What we learned is that bike boulevards are the way to go." Palo Alto
established the first bicycle boulevard in the United States (U.S.) on Bryant
Street in 1982. On average over 1,000 bicyclists pass through the barriers
on Bryant and Lowell Avenue, and about 1,500 are on Park Boulevard. Bike
boulevards can be very effective at reducing traffic and parking problems.
Reductions of stop signs that make bike boulevards good for cyclists can
make them attractive for drivers. To minimize car traffic, Bryant has four
places where through car traffic is blocked, but due to a City policy this was
not an option to consider in these past ones. It's probably not important for
these ones because of the nature of much of how South Palo Alto is set out.
I think the City should consider allowing blocking on future bike projects like
Webster. I strongly support approval of Bike Plan lines for the bicycle
boulevard and continued funding for the final design phase. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Emma Shlaes to be followed by David Coale.

Emma Shlaes: Hello. My name's Emma Shlaes. I'm the policy manager for
Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition (SVBC). Thank you to Council Staff and
PABAC and the Planning and Transportation Committee and the consultants
for all the work that you guys have done, in particular the extensive public
outreach process. SVBC supports the implementation of the 2012 Bike and
Pedestrian Plan and the vision that it set forth. We urge you to approve
these concept plans and final design contracts. These projects will help to
lower speeds and create a safer street network for everyone, whether
biking, walking or driving. Shifting some trips from cars to bikes can help
the City meet your goals in reducing traffic, pollution, greenhouse gas
emissions and parking concerns. Palo Alto's long been a leader in bike
infrastructure, as Eric mentioned, with the first bike boulevard on Bryant
Street. As also Josh mentioned, vehicle speeds over 20 miles per hour can
drastically increase the severity of injuries and likelihood of death when

                                                                        Page 39 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
