                         TRANSCRIPT
think if the direction were to move forward with a measure either this year
or subsequently, we could certainly organize that and involve them more
broadly. We really have been relying on Dave's research to give us a sense
of what the broader community feels about this proposal. I think we can
take that more to a qualitative level from a quantitative perspective if this
does move forward.

Council Member Holman: Relying on that and, of course, the polling was
done among residents, the voting public. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I found the business survey really useful. I'm glad
you guys did that. It was kind of striking, I thought, the difference in the
project list between what was in this earlier part of the Staff Report and
what the business community was saying. There's no page number or
question number. A question on the highest priorities for use of funds
question. Was that totally open-ended or are the bold parts multiple choice?

Mr. Heath: Those choices were offered with an "other" category where they
could offer additional options.

Council Member DuBois: There were a lot of parking garage responses. It's
too bad that wasn't one of the choices. We don't really have a good sense of
what percentage wanted more parking.

Mr. Heath: If you look at the respondents, they were heavily towards retail,
restaurants, folks that you would expect to be concerned with parking
issues. I think that's part of it. I do want to stress that the business
community survey is not representative in the same way that the polling is.
This is just ...

Council Member DuBois: Just self-selecting.

Mr. Heath: ... a representation of who decided to respond, not controlled for
business size or type of business or anything else.

Council Member DuBois:      I appreciate that.    Did you email the entire
Business Registry?

Mr. Heath: Everyone on the Business Registry, yeah.

Council Member DuBois: I won't put too much weight to these percentages
because of that, but it certainly seemed like a major category. If we do it
again, we should include it again as a choice.

                                                                       Page 57 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
