                         TRANSCRIPT
we want to see is neighbors turn against each other in this neighborhood we
all love. There are two ways I think the City Council can unite all of us
together. Number one, please unite us all behind a legal and properly
executed process. This issue is very important to us. The people in Royal
Manor neighborhood should make this important decision for themselves
through a legal and properly executed process. I can testify this process
was executed with significant flaw. The first flyer was very misleading; I
never received the second one. Without knowing this critical information,
how many families actually support this proposal as of today? Why do we
even want to make a decision one way or another? I hope City Council can
consider additional processes in this case, to validate the true will of the
people of Royal Manor. Whatever result come out of that process, it will be
accepted by each family in this neighborhood. Number two, please unite us
all behind Eichler design guideline that truly preserve Eichler. Most families
in this neighborhood love Eichler. That's why we move here. Many families
support SSO because they thought it will protect Eichler. However, SSO has
nothing to do with preserving Eichler. If someone tear down Eichler home
and build an opposite of Eichler in architectural style, SSO will do nothing
about it. We would work together to create an Ordinance for Eichler design
guideline that actually preserve Eichler homes. I have analogy for this.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry, we have ...

Mr. Chen:    Just one more sentence.        Approving SSO is like a doctor
prescribing the strongest antibiotics to treat a patient with common cold. It
cause lots of damage, collateral damage in your body, and it doesn't really
cure the disease. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Carol Lin, to be followed by
Diane Reklis. Welcome.

Carol Lin: Hi. My husband who is Chinese and I live on Louis Road. We
bought the house 25 years ago. We were like Monique's buyers; we wanted
to simplify our lives. We loved Eichler. We love, love, love it. We want to
support this so much because it defines our lives. It define the way we live,
every part of that house. I have four children, seven grandchildren. Our
yard is our family room; it's our dining room. We spend enormous amount
of time out there, growing our own food, picking our fruit and vegetables.
When I told my grandson that this was a possibility, he said, "But that
changes everything. That changes our lifestyle, grandma." He's right. I
really hope you will support the one story overlay. It would mean a great
deal to us. Thank you.



                                                                        Page 77 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
