                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Is the idea that during the day the office people would
use some of the residential space and the retail? How does that work?
What percentage? I guess all the non-reserved spaces?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it. One other quick question. What is the CC(2)
zoning? What is the requirements of that? I understand what's in the CN.

Mr. Lait: Development standards or land uses? Are you interested in land
uses or development standards?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm interest in—my understanding on the CN zoning, it's
1 FAR for residential, right?

Mr. Lait: Right. It's 0.5 for the CN for residential, and it's 0.6 for the CC(2).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Point six for the CC(2). There's the same amount of
office in either one. Is that correct?

Mr. Lait: For office in the CC(2), it's 2.0. For the CN, it's 0.4.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The CC(2) is much more office?

Mr. Lait: Yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's why it's a smaller parcel and you get the same
5,000 roughly. Right? No?

Mr. Lait: The 5,000 is not triggered by the CC(2). The applicant has left the
CC(2) alone and is not interested in ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: If they had developed the CC(2), they could have built
much more office.

Mr. Lait: They could have built more. To get to a prior question, about
4,000 square feet of additional residential could have been built.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. I have four questions on the traffic
study, one on parking and one on the CUP. On the traffic study, if you look
at Packet Page 189, there's a table here. It says that if you look at the P.M.
peak hour, car trips are going to be reduced by 16. It's on the table, P.M.

                                                                           Page 29 of 110
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/23/16
