                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: It's fine with me too. Council Member Schmid.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return to the
Finance Committee with a definition of a ‘Project’ versus maintenance.”

Council Member Schmid: That took care of the issue I had.

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Burt
to adopt an Ordinance to update the Fiscal Year 2017 Municipal Fee
Schedule to adjust Development Services Municipal Fees, based on the
completion of a Cost of Services Study and adjusted by the annual inflator
applied to Municipal Fees from Fiscal Year 2016 to Fiscal Year 2017 with the
exception of Fees that could impact community events. Direct Staff to return
to the Finance Committee with a definition of a “Project” versus
maintenance.

Mayor Burt: We have a Motion before us that seemed to capture things
correctly. Yes?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yep.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote. That passes 8-0. Thank you all very much.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0

Mr. Keene: Two more items and then a Closed Session, correct?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Two Closed Sessions, yes.

23.   Resolution 9653 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto, Colleagues’ Memo Reaffirming Palo Alto’s Commitment to a
      Diverse, Supportive, Inclusive, and Protective Community.”

Mayor Burt: We have the next Item which is a Colleagues' Memo reaffirming
Palo Alto's commitment to a diverse, supportive, inclusive and protective
community. I think we all have the Memo before us. We don't need to
really recite or reiterate what is in the body of the Memo. Let me turn to
Council Member Wolbach. Would you like to add anything beyond what's in
the Memo?

Council Member Wolbach: Could we go to the public first on this one?

Mayor Burt: First, I'm going to you. You can decline. That's how we're
doing it. If you want to speak to the content of the Memo, to introduce it

                                                                        Page 97 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
