                         TRANSCRIPT
participate. Is it perfect? No. Is it moving in the right direction? Yes. Will
it take some time? Yes. Will we make all of our residents happy? No. I'm
getting some noes from some residents right now. I think for those who
remember what the City tried to accomplish 6, 7 years ago, when they tried
to create a pilot program in Downtown South.                It might have been
Professorville. That was supposed to be a simple solution, a simple RPP. It
went down in flames, because unfortunately RPP isn't simple. Every action
has a reaction that often isn't anticipated. All we can do is have different
phases; make sure that we're getting accurate data; hear from the
community about how that data can be even better; make sure that we
implement those changes so that the data is better; and continue to iterate
and make it better. If you think about it, it's kind of Silicon Valley. You
throw out an idea. You throw out a product. You get user feedback. You
make it better, and you roll out a iPhone 7 tomorrow if you're Apple. That's
what this is. At the same time, we recognize that this is part of the three-
legged stool. We need to make sure that we're moving forward on those
other things that Mayor Burt mentioned, that maybe we don't have currently
the resources that we wish we did to really get the benefits and lower the
single occupancy vehicle trips that we'd like to. Staff has been listening to
the community a lot. It sounds like they were planning on doing some of
the things that the community has requested tonight. I'm glad to hear that.
I agree with as soon as possible freezing the sale of employee permits in
Zones 9 and 10. That was never part of the intention, and that seems to
make sense. I would just plead with our community to be as understanding
as possible as we try to get this as right as we can. We are listening. I was
having a conversation with a colleague a couple of minutes ago about how
Staff has gotten a lot better at their answers and how sophisticated this
program has become over the last year and a half. I think it's promising;
it's not perfect. This is another step in the right direction.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. Could I just clarify something I meant
in the motion?

Council Member Berman: Now I'm going to have to take back everything I
just said.

Council Member DuBois: When I was talking about "C" there, that was
really implying that we would reduce the total number of permits by that
unsold amount in Zones 9 and 10. I don't know if we need to be explicit
about that. It was basically stopping at what we've sold and taking the
remaining inventory off the market.

Mr. Mello: I think that's a very reasonable approach when we come back in
January. I just want to note to the Council that we currently have one Staff

                                                                      Page 103 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
