                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm picking up where you're going. We're on the
same wavelength.

Mr. Piros: I know we have a few drycleaner sites in the South Bay, where
our target was to get to unrestricted use levels. We're just not getting
there.   The problem is you have clay soils that tends to limit your
movement. We're talking about potential migration, but it also does tend to
cause you problems when you're trying to—not only when it's migrating
outward but when you're trying to pull it into your extraction well, it tends to
limit how well the TCE or other volatile organic compounds are moving
through the soil. What I'm saying is that as you radiate out from where we
believe the release originated, I don't know that—you look at what remedial
methods might be implemented. There's soil vapor extraction and certainly
excavation. You're excavating a lot of soil just to get what's in the void
space. There's not a lot of contaminant mask there.

Ms. Klein: I just want to add one thing about your question about vapor
migration horizontally. The applicant is going to be putting in vapor plugs to
prevent any offsite migration due to the utility lines that are being put in. I
just wanted to mention that as well.

Council Member Wolbach: That sounds like by allowing this project to move
forward, we might decrease the possibility of horizontal transmission rather
than increase it or is that just an effort to make sure that the new
transmission lines put in as a result of the construction don't cause
additional horizontal transmission.

Ms. Villamater: The second.

Council Member Wolbach: Basically it's neutral. If there is a risk of
horizontal transmission, this project will neither increase nor decrease that
potential transmission. It didn't sound like—I guess I didn't get a super
clear answer, but I didn't hear any comments from DTSC that allowing this
to move forward would prevent future efforts to remediate or to protect the
neighboring communities. If anyone at DTSC has a different thought on
that, I'd love to hear it.

Ms. Villamater: I believe what you said is correct.

Council Member Wolbach: I think that's something for me to think about as
we move forward. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.



                                                                          Page 52 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
