                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Let's put some numbers to the idea that Council
Member DuBois is saying. What would that mean in terms of the number of
overall permits that would be available? That almost seems to exceed what
has been requested from the community. Is Staff comfortable that we're
still making sure that we have the permits available for our business
community, our people who work at Channing House, our people who make
our sandwiches?

Mr. Mello: The total permits available today is 1,465. If we eliminated
Zones 9 and 10, it would be 1,385, the cap. Plus the small handful of
permits that have already been sold in 9 and 10, which is a very small
amount.

Council Member Berman: When Staff said that they were going to come
back with a proposal in mid-January, was that proposal going to go that low?
Can we leave this up to having that conversation in mid-January of what the
right number is?

Council Member DuBois: My Motion again is specifically about Zones 9 and
10, which are pretty far out.

Council Member Berman: Sure, but you're also taking all of those permits
off the table without us really having a conversation as to whether or not
that's the ...

Council Member Schmid: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: There's 70 sold today. It would be taking 535 off,
I think, the 2,000.

Council Member Berman: I'm confused from the number Staff just gave.
Let me get out my little calculator.

Mayor Burt: If you're speaking to your second ...

Council Member Berman: It'll be 1,465. That's fine.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Council Member DuBois, I'm not sure that your
motion does clarify that you want the number of permits to go down, such
as the most conversation just implied and prior comments implied. I see "C"
as saying that it's only applying to Zones 9 and 10.

Council Member DuBois: I guess at the end of that first sentence in "C" ...

                                                                     Page 105 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
