                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I think Staff did well with the consultant on the
enhancements that are now included in the baseline. I think it's clear that
we have been a long time in this process. There are lots of people who are
looking forward to it being brought to fruition. I would certainly support the
current Motion and focus on getting it done. I would also support the notion
of having somewhere an identification of the Lefkowitz origins.

Mayor Burt: Just at a high level in the funding, I'll add that if we had
additional funds available that were significant, I'd put a higher priority in
beginning to fund the Loma Verde grade separation, which I think has
extremely high value to the community, to Stanford Research Park,
students, all those things. If we have Measure B pass, we may be able to
tap into some of those funds for that purpose as well. I'd recommend that
we—it's a good design. It may not be an earth-shattering design, but we
need to move forward. Thank you all very much for the presentation. We
have the Motion before us. I think we're ready to vote on the board. That
passes 9-0. We are moving forward. Thank you to everyone from the
public for the participation and staying up late with us.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:               Council Member Wolbach moved,
seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to:

A.   Direct Staff to amend the contract with Biggs Cardosa Associates, Inc.;
     and

B.   Increase the budget for the Adobe Creek/Highway 101 Pedestrian
     Overcrossing Project, Capital Improvements Program (CIP) Project
     PE-11011; and

C.   Accept the $1 million contribution from Google to use towards
     contingency funds; and

D.   Incorporate “Enhanced Amenities” for an additional cost of $0.13
     million.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: We only have one more item. You can stick around.

7.   PUBLIC HEARING: Finance Committee Recommendation That the
     Council Adopt an Ordinance Updating the Procedure for Collection of
     Impact Fees by Amending Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) Title 16
     (Building Regulations), Chapters 16.45 (Transportation Impact Fee for
     new Nonresidential Development in the Stanford Research Park/El
     Camino CS Zone), 16.46 (Approval of Projects With Impacts on Traffic
                                                                        Page 78 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
