                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Hickson: No.

Council Member Berman: No whites.

Mr. Hickson: That's all finished.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 6:26 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to close the public hearing,
and we'll return to the Council for the vote. I'll just add that my mother-in-
law has been a longtime lawn bowler. She was active through '96. She has
an injury, and one of her big motivators for recovering from her injury is to
get back to lawn bowling. I don't see any further lights. In that case, we'll
vote on the board. That passes unanimously with Vice Mayor Scharff and
Council Member Holman absent. Thank you.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

Mayor Burt: Thank you for maintaining our facilities and contributing to a
community asset.

7.    Resolution 9579 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Increasing and Adjusting Department of Planning & Community
      Environment User Fees Based on a Cost of Services Study and
      Recommendations of the Finance Committee.”

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Public Hearing that is a review and adoption
of a Resolution increasing and adjusting the Department of Planning and
Community Environment user fees based on a Cost of Services Study and
recommendations of the Finance Committee. Welcome.

Sherry Nikzat, Senior Management Analyst: Mayor Burt and members of the
City Council, my name is Sherry Nikzat. I'm the Senior Management Analyst
in the Planning and Community Environment Department. Tonight we're
bringing you the unanimous recommendation of the Finance Committee to
adopt fee increases and adjustments.        Although it was a unanimous
recommendation, a public hearing is required to adopt the fee changes. In
2013, the City undertook a comprehensive Cost of Services Study. Due to
the complexity of the planning and development fees and the fact that the
Department was splitting into both the Planning and Development Services
Department, the fees were not included in that study at that time. The
objectives for this study. The fees for services or user fees are charged
when providing a service from which one or more individuals benefit. A key
objective of the study was to determine the cost of providing these services.
Another objective was to analyze fees consistent with the City's adopted cost
                                                                        Page 10 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
