                          TRANSCRIPT
prioritize high, because they have to be done. One of those we think is
parkland, and it's not cheap. Precisely because it's going to take some time
to get a process in place and to get funding in place, then it has to start now
in some sort of incarnation, so that over the years we can really address that
need. Thanks much. Thanks to all of my colleagues, most of whom are
here tonight. We're going to keep cranking. Our goal is to be here on New
Year's Eve and get it approved, as it says right up there, December 16th.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Ed. Thanks to all of the Commissioners and the
Staff for continued great work on this very important project. Normally at
Study Sessions we have discussion with Council before hearing from
members of the public, but I think I'd like to invite the members of the
public to speak first. At this time, we have two cards. If anyone else wishes
to speak, they need to bring a card forward at this time. Our first speaker is
Howard Hoffman, to be followed by Shani Kleinhaus. Welcome. You have
up to three minutes to speak.

Howard Hoffman: Members of the Council, thank you. My name is Howard
Hoffman. I'm the founder and president of Palo Alto Dog Owners. We
represent nearly 400 dog owners in Palo Alto and their supporters. First of
all, I'd like to thank the City Staff, the Master Plan consultant and the
members of the Commission for the fine job they did on the overall Master
Plan. As a longtime resident of Palo Alto, my interests go beyond dogs. Like
many other members of our group, I was a coach for AYSO soccer, so I
appreciate the playing fields here. I've been a member of the Sierra Club for
45 years, so I appreciate the open space and all of those values. The thing
that has really been lacking in Palo Alto has been dog parks. Dog parks are
not just for dogs. They're for people, and they're not just for people that
have dogs. We have a rule in Palo Alto, a law, that says you can't have your
dog off leash. In order for people to exercise their dogs adequately, they
need to have some off-leash time. We can only do that either in our own
yards, which tend to be pretty small in Palo Alto, or otherwise in a dog park.
Again, we'd like to thank the members of the Commission and the Staff and
hope that we can look forward to coming before you in the future as you
approve a number of dog park improvements. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Shani Kleinhaus. Welcome.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council. Thank you, Staff, for
all the outreach and everything you've been doing. It's been quite an
experience and very good outreach. I sent you two letters for the Sierra
Club and Audubon. I hope you had a chance to look at them. There are
several overall, general recommendations and some specific ones. One of
the issues is dog parks. I'm totally supportive; I have two dogs myself. I

                                                                         Page 8 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
