                           TRANSCRIPT
challenges that they have working in Palo Alto. Of course, we're working on
marketing it. Something as simple as a logo takes a little bit of effort. We
have some drafts of a TMA logo, which will be part of that advocacy piece
and being recognized as a viable resource to folks Downtown and in Palo
Alto.     Upcoming, we're going to be facilitating a community event at
Avenidas to help sort of understand how seniors have needs about moving
about town and how we can help them reduce SOV trips as well. This slide
is really to put it in perspective in terms of a dollars and cents perspective.
This is really a simple slide. On the left identifies our goal of 1,650 folks, the
30 percent goal. The traditional approach is a parking garage, and what the
cost of a parking garage would be based on real rates. Approximately $100
million to build a parking garage Downtown. Whereas, investing in TDM
invests in community and invests in resources and at a much lower
investment, in the neighborhood of $1.3 million a year in terms of a cost for
the programs. We're talking about to hit that goal relative to that $100
million expense. Mode split goals, I think it's important to put it all in
numbers. Our current mode split is in the column in the center. You can
take a look at where we are today based on last year's survey numbers.
You'll notice that a few of the lines are sort of highlighted in red. Those will
be, at this point, the TMA's emphasis points, the programs that we'll be
focusing on. Transit obviously. We have an opportunity to move a lot of
folks out of their cars. Carpool. We're already showing success with Scoop
and others. It's not just going to be a Scoop only. Scoop has been a good
first start for us. Obviously, with the folks in the proximity to Downtown,
bike is a great option. The mode split reduction on the right just shows you
the goals that we have with this 1,650 number. I think there's—we have to
sort of add some credibility to it. This slide really just calls out the reality of
the goals. If we were setting goals that were unattainable, it would be
difficult to get your partnership and support and moving our programs. We
have three examples in terms of Stanford's transit, carpool and bike
percentages, Facebook.         We thought that Genentech was a relevant
example—not being close to Palo Alto, being up in south San Francisco—to
see that these numbers were very, very similar to the goal numbers that we
were setting for the TMA. The next few slides kind of call out some future
goals. The next three slides are real numbers based on the programs that
we've set. The first slide is achieving that 30 percent goal in three years.
As you can see, the first year has a three percent SOV reduction. We're
getting off to a kind of slow-moving start, but that is really tied to the funds
that you'll be approving for us this evening hopefully. That $100,000 is
going to be spent to keep us moving for the rest of the year. Moving toward
the second year with a 15 percent reduction, halfway to our goal, with a cost
of a little over $1 million for that first year. The third year, just a tad under
$1.3 million and realizing our full 30 percent goal. This next slide kind of
gives you the same information just spreading out the impact over five
                                                                               Page 71 of 100
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
