                          TRANSCRIPT
watch and ticket you as you go too fast on El Camino Way. I think probably
people would slow down. It's only three blocks long. Alma is a funny thing.
It's more like an expressway because there's the railroad track on one side.
There isn't any cross-traffic to speak of. When you see that—it's called a
block house at Alma Place. You get the impression that you could go a little
faster. I travel on Alma almost every day. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm glad Yoriko was here, because I can tell she
went through this. I've gone through it before. It sounds so simple to raise
the speed limit, use radar. We take care of it all. I don't think it's that
simple. I do want to, though, just mention again what the Mayor just
brought up as well, which is the synchronicity of our lights. Is there an
answer to that and where we're headed with that, Josh?

Mr. Mello: We are actively retiming all of our arterial and residential arterial
corridors.      We've already implemented signal coordination along
Embarcadero Road. Middlefield Road and Alma are next in line. Charleston-
Arastradero will be outfitted with adaptive signal technology when the
infrastructure improvements are completed.

Council Member Kniss: Would you anticipate any of the statistics would
change after that happens?

Mr. Mello: All of the data that you see before you was collected between
intersections in free-flow segments. That's the way that the surveys need to
be collected. We're not really looking at the speeds of folks passing through
intersections, particularly those that are controlled by a traffic signal. One
way to get a better handle on that is we're doing before and after travel time
surveys. We have a car that actually drives the corridor back and forth.
We're doing that before we implement signal timing and after we implement
signal timing. We did that for Embarcadero Road. I'd be glad to share the
results of that with you if you're interested.

Council Member Kniss: I'm feeling some discomfort asking this. One of my
friends asked this morning, "Why don't we have red light enforcement at
some of our really tough intersections?" I can remember Pat mentioned—he
brought this up one time. I brought it up another time. What is the
answer?

Mr. Mello: Red light cameras are authorized under State law, but I know a
lot of communities have really struggled with upholding the citations.
There's a lot of calibration that needs to be done. A lot of them have been

                                                                          Page 49 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
