                           TRANSCRIPT

some things that I have learned regarding the expressways. Since Palo Alto
first reviewed the expressway plan and realized that while Stanford would
prefer to reduce the congestion into Stanford Research Park through
reducing driving, the county expressway plan as it was construed at the time
only had one tool in the toolbox. The only tool they had was to expand
roadway capacity. However, a couple of things. The idea that Palo Alto had
has actually come up through this process several places around the county.
Palo Alto is not the only place that is interested in having flexibility to relieve
the congestion which is a high priority for voters but with more than one tool
in the toolbox. Also, the new rules for CEQA have come out. They say that
if you're doing a major roadway project which will have a tendency to
increase driving, those projects will be deemed to be having a significant
impact. The impact can be mitigated with TDM, with transit and/or with
tolling. Agencies that before said the only thing we can do is expand
capacity, we can't analyze, we can't plan, we can't deliver, the way that
CEQA is about to work will require these major roadway projects to self-
mitigate with regard to those. Having that item have the flexible funding to
be able to self-mitigate is something that I think is a reasonable approach in
addition to looking carefully and potentially taking some of that money and
using it for investments to get people out of cars. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member McAlister to be followed by Mayor
Chang.

John McAlister, City of Mountain View Council Member: Good evening,
Mayor, former Mayor Holman, Council Members. It's a pleasure and a thrill
to be here it. Not necessarily at this hour, but a thrill to be here to circle
back. When I first came up in August the 17th to get this ball rolling of the
collaboration between the North County and West County cities, it is a
pleasure and a thrill to see how far we've gotten. I want to echo the words
of the Mayor and City Manager about collaboration and staying the course,
of how much we can achieve when we work together, and that our voice is
greater. I wish and I hope that you stay that way and continue to keep our
collaboration strong. As we go down the path of negotiation or refinement
of these various dollar amounts, we have a stronger voice and a little more
power behind it. I was reading through your report, and I just wanted to do
a little clarification on Item 1 on page 4. It says the VTA Board and the
Envision Silicon Valley ad hoc committee, and you have the Mayor Jeannie
Bruins. She is only the VTA Board. I just want to point out to you that we
sort of have another need to be collaborative. The VTA/Envision ad hoc
committee, there's six members. Location: San Jose, Santa Clara, Santa
Clara County, Campbell, San Jose and Gilroy. There's no mention about
                                                                            Page 77 of 91
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 2/8/16
