                          TRANSCRIPT
rentership. We have no clue what that is. We don't know the age
breakdown of these individual neighborhoods. When people talk about
things like we need resources in this part of the town and this part of the
town, we actually don't have that data-driven engine behind that to make
those good decisions. This has come up several times in transportation as
well. We—Julia has alluded to this—know that there's a huge spike in
population. We don't know where these people are going to. Is it 50,000
people going to Downtown or is it 50,000 people going to Stanford Research
Park (SRP)? Is it 10,000 people instead going to Downtown and 50,000
going to SRP? We have no sense of what that distribution is. That's really
important when it comes to transportation, to land use. We're not equipped
with those tools yet, I think, to really make those decisions. That goes to a
point that you have all brought up, the flexibility. If we are able to really
better drill down from a data perspective, then that allows us to have the
flexibility, to not have blunt force planning tools, but to have much more
finely calibrated ways and mechanisms to really think, "Do we dial up growth
here? Do we dial up housing growth here and turn down commercial growth
here? Do we dial up housing growth of a certain type somewhere else?" We
just don't have these tools and mechanisms. I know the Comp. Plan is
supposed to be this broad, 30,000-foot-level thing, but we're not there yet.
I don't mean to grouse; I just want to put out some of these bigger, broader
issues and, I think, challenges that we're all facing. On the point of housing,
which a lot of people have talked about, they've already alluded to—I don't
mean any disrespect, but I do want to just share a slightly different point of
view. I think we already have a lot of unintended consequences of housing
policy for the last 40 years. People have already mentioned this. It's the
lack of diversity; it's people being pushed out of their communities even
though they've lived here for a long time, because they can no longer afford
it or they don't have options. We're talking about seniors. We had so many
people come to our body and talk about the disabled adults who are in our
City and are placing a significant burden on their senior and aging parents
because they have nowhere to go or their aging parents have to care for
them. We know that teachers and our first responders, our emergency
responders, the police, the fire, they've long struggled to have a place in our
community. Other members have shared the fact that when their kids were
growing up, they would walk down the street and see their kindergarten
teacher. I have absolutely no hope that my kids are going to walk down the
street and see their kindergarten teacher. I'm sorry; it's just not going to
happen. They just can't afford to live here. I think that we really—traffic is
the primary unintended consequence. As more people have come here to
work and seek new opportunities, we haven't—some people might live here
for a couple of years, but then they get forced out because of rent or family
situations change and not necessarily because they want to, but because
they don't see those options. I think that's another unintended consequence
                                                                            Page 64 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
