                         TRANSCRIPT
also a goal of reducing overall the number of tobacco outlets near schools.
That's one way that the County has looked at doing that. The same thing
for reducing density of tobacco outlets. That's where the 500-foot provision
in our County Ordinance comes into play. The reason behind that is that
there are studies that show when there are more tobacco outlets and more
access near schools, there's higher smoking rates amongst youth. That's
also true when you have a higher number of tobacco outlets in a given
geographic area, high density. It is one of the provisions in our Ordinance.

Council Member Schmid: What it hits here is gas stations near freeway
entrance, where you have a number of stations on a corner. It's not kids
getting out of school but drivers. It seems it hits family ownership pretty
hard.

Mr. Bobel: As a practical matter, in Palo Alto I'm trying to think of an
instance where within 500 feet we have two gas stations. It might be the
corner of San Antonio and Charleston.

Council Member Schmid: Middlefield, yeah.

Mr. Bobel: With that exception, I really can't see where there are two
currently within 500 feet.

Council Member Schmid: Two gas stations across the street.

Mr. Bobel: Two places selling tobacco period but, yeah, gas stations.

Council Member Schmid: Middlefield and San Antonio. It sounds like an
Ordinance to kill off gas stations. Is there any way of getting exceptions?

Mr. Bobel: We've committed to adopting the exact same Ordinance that the
County has.

Council Member Schmid: Is there a way through the County Ordinance?

Ms. Cox: There's not currently.

Mr. Bobel: We could explore the degree to which there's—are those actually
franchises and family owned or are they part of a corporation? I think the
ones at San Antonio and Charleston, at least one of them is corporate
ownership. I could be wrong.

Council Member Schmid: This is at Middlefield and San Antonio.

Mr. Bobel: Maybe it's Middlefield, yeah.

                                                                        Page 59 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
