                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Aiken: Back to me. During construction, we won't be able to maintain
animals on the site or continue our educational programs without moving
offsite. Staff has actually looked at a number of sites and have determined
that the best site in our opinion is Cubberley Community Center auditorium,
where we can continue to provide a place that, one, makes the JMZ still
relevant during 2 years of construction period or up to 2 years; to be able to
continue our education services to the schools in particular. That means
moving all of that stuff and our teachers and having a place for them to
stage. We would also be able to have a site where the public can visit and
interact with some of the old exhibits, because familiarity is important to
very young children, as well as new exhibits that we're prototyping and
preparing for the Museum. The animal care would be primarily behind the
scenes. We would shelter and care for some of the animals there, but it
would not be a public Zoo. Now, I'd like to introduce Paul Hopkins—come up
to the podium—to talk a little bit about fundraising and the Friends. Thank
you, Paul.

Paul Hopkins, Friends of the JMZ: Thank you. Thank you for your time.
Just a quick background on me. I, like the other Friends here, we're all
volunteers. I've lived in Palo Alto for 13 years. I have two girls, one at Paly
High and one at Addison Elementary. They've taken full advantage—we all
have—of the JMZ and the programs. When I had the opportunity last July to
join the JMZ and get involved in this project, I jumped at the opportunity.
It's been a fantastic experience. I will highlight a quick history of the
Friends of the JMZ and then highlight the fundraising to date. We'll leave it
at that. The Friends, as I mentioned, is a volunteer group. It was formed in
1962 to support the JMZ. Over the past 54 years, the Friends Board has
grown in terms of their leadership and fundraising ability, bringing us to
today's project to redesign and rebuild the JMZ. The generous Peery
Foundation, on July 15th we signed an agreement with them where they
would pledge $15 million when we raise $10 million. Extremely generous
project. We really have been campaigning and fundraising for about 2 1/2
years now. I'm happy to say that it's been extremely successful. We are
very close to our $10 million goal. The Friends has been running that
completely. As of the 17th of November, we're about $9,107,602. We're
very close to that. Our kind of deadline date that we're targeting is the end
of January of this year to finalize this deal. We're very confident that we'll
do that. Also, we have 165 donors total; 58 percent of those donors are
from Palo Alto. We've had a fantastic involvement from the Palo Alto
community, as you might imagine. Our campaign costs, because we're all
volunteers, have been only 1.5 percent of the total campaign budget. Those
were $390,463. The last point I want to make is we have a robust honorary
and advisory council made up of 36 leaders from many sectors, all
committed to the success of this project. Thank you.
                                                                          Page 8 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
