              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                               Regular Meeting
                                                               August 15, 2016

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:06 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
            Wolbach

Absent:

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our first item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We
have none that I'm aware of. We'll go on to our next item, which is the City
Manager Comments. Welcome back, Mr. Keene.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you. Council Members, a number of
these things will be catching you up on things that some of you were dealing
with during the recess. First of all, the Palo Alto Square issue. Many thanks
to Council Members who were around over the break, who helped us with
the threatened closure of the CineArts Theatre at Palo Alto Square. Just to
bring everybody up to speed, the theatre tenant and the building owner
have signed an agreement through September 15th, which was a 30-day
extension, to give them time necessary to work on negotiating tenant
improvements and a longer lease to try to keep the theatre in that location.
I think, as the Council is aware, the theatre space is identified in the original
Development Plan for Palo Alto Square. An amendment to the Planned
Community (PC) zoning for the site would be needed to replace the use.
Obviously, that rezoning would be a matter that would have to come before
the Council, so you have influence over the use of that site. The theatre is
not identified as a public benefit in the Zoning Ordinance. Code enforcement
at this time is not an option if the theatre were to close. Our Code
Enforcement team has been involved, however, in sending the building
owner a notice of violation regarding trees around the property. The notice
requests that the building owner take immediate steps to address the health
of the trees and also develop and submit a plan to improve the landscape
overall. Actually a number of vaguely connected tree items. I did want to


                                                                         Page 1 of 90
