                         TRANSCRIPT
called temporary hang tags, and they're kind of a lighter weight paper hang
tag. The silver that's on there is like a lottery scratch off. You scratch off
the month, the date and the year that you're going to use it, and you hang it
from the rearview mirror. They're good for one day, and then you dispose of
them. For an employee or for a business, employees are eligible for annual
decals. That again is just for one car. You stick it on, and it doesn't come
off. Those are available either standard price of $466 or a reduced price for
those who qualify based on income, and that's $100. Businesses are eligible
to purchase a transferrable hang tag, and that's meant for people to share.
If you are an employer and you have people who take the train but
occasionally need to drive, they could share a permit. If you have somebody
who works a morning shift and somebody works an afternoon shift, they can
share that transferrable permit also. Employees are not eligible to purchase
that transferrable hang tag. They can only buy one for their specific car.
Employees and businesses are also eligible for that daily scratch-off
scratcher that they can use for one-off parking. Typically a scratcher is used
by employees essentially to supplement how they usually get to work. If
somebody usually bikes, but they occasionally need to drive, for example, if
it rains or if somebody takes the train but has a late meeting so they have to
drive one day, that is a primary usage of the scratcher. Also if the business
has a meeting and they have somebody who's coming in or interviewing or
something of that nature, they can use a daily permit. In Phase 2 we also
expect to introduce the five-day scratcher which again, just like the daily
ones, it's just like a lottery scratch-off. You scratch off the month and the
year, and then you scratch off up to five days. That would be $15. That
primarily is meant to encourage the use of sustainable modes while giving
people up to five times per month that they can drive if they need to.
Moving to our stakeholder group.            We convened a meeting of the
stakeholders to review the December 2015 Council direction. Outcomes of
that meeting were direction on the employee parking zones, as we
presented earlier; an agreement amongst the stakeholders who were
present to move forward with the same structure for the streets that are
being annexed into the RPP District, so they would be subject to the same
rules and permit prices and permit availability as the existing RPP District
members. The stakeholders present did express interest in evaluating
variable pricing for the zones in the future. They felt that was kind of Phase
2.1, 2.2, something like that. First get Phase 2 on the ground, and then in
the future we can evaluate variable pricing as another option. They agreed
that the employee parking permits should be allocated roughly equally
throughout the zones. That's how we approached the permit allocation as
discussed earlier. They did not indicate an interest in pursuing a discussion
about limiting employee parking to one side of every street. Those were a
few items that Council had requested that we bring back to the stakeholders,
and those are the results. We have had a very robust stakeholder process.
                                                                       Page 83 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
