                         TRANSCRIPT
abstention and then one vote against it. The reason why there was some
debate about it was because of the fact that it's incredibly subjective. I
think Commissioner Alcheck felt that—this was to minority vote—basically
this didn't go far enough in terms of trying to provide better clarity and
certainty for projects. It leaves this kind of nub of uncertainty for people
that are trying to do development to figure out what's the rules. I think
that's why Commissioner Alcheck didn't feel that way. I think the rest of the
Commission—we looked at this, and it seemed like this is maybe not the
best it could be, but it was better than before. Thus, the majority of the
Commission voted for it. I think that one abstention—I'm not entirely sure
why there was an abstention. I think it was just a little bit mixed on that
one. I'm not so clear why the Vice Chair had abstained. If there's any other
questions, just let know. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: He did mention very clearly that it was not clear,
not really addressing the issue. I guess I have noticed on the Council a
number of ARB appeals have come to the Council. The Council is divided
pretty sharply on how to interpret these subjective things. Looking to get
Findings that would help us, would help the PTC, would help the ARB, would
help the applicant is certainly one of our goals. The question is would the
earlier Council recommendation on 2A, B, C, D help be more specific.

Mr. Lait: I guess to the extent that you want bay windows and doorways to
be of similar size and proportion in areas along San Antonio or Stanford
Research Park or other areas, we just felt that these were very precise areas
of interest in an area of town that received a lot of attention through the
SOFA II standards and didn't feel like it had the broader applicability to the
rest of the City. Again, we're happy to put in the Findings whatever the
Council believes to be appropriate in that area.

Mayor Burt: I have a question on Slide Number 4. You have an overview of
Finding edits, and it talks about if Council-added text was supported by the
ARB and PTC, it's underlined. If ARB and PTC additions are shown in red—it
implied that those were the only changes. As I go through this, it doesn't
speak to what happened and we don't see what happened to deletions from
...

Ms. French: Correct. These are just the underlined text—the text that
Council added, shown in underline, are the text additions that the Planning
and Transportation Commission and ARB ...

Mayor Burt: What I'm trying to say is ...

Ms. French: It's silent on the ones that were not accepted. It's not showing
in the Slide (crosstalk).
                                                                       Page 91 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
