                          TRANSCRIPT
circumstances, a different understanding from the rest of the community for
the support that you're going to get. I bitterly regret that I didn't fight
harder for that gym, the Birge Clark gym, for the women's shelter, bitterly.
I know there's another year. There's another cause. I think Greg Scharff
will be a great Vice Mayor, especially with respect to the small business.
That's his forte, being nice to people. I think that'll work very well. I admire
all of you. I respect all of you. I'm very, very grateful for the time you put
in. There's something I want to say. The problems that you're facing are
not of your making. Some are; to some extent they are. They're storms
brewed in other men's waters. For instance, here are the veterans, the
homeless. Scandalous. This is not our fault. I mean not our fault as Palo
Altans. It's our fault as the entire United States. We allowed people to be
conscripted, to be removed from their own control of their own lives. That's
a whole lot worse than a wealth tax on 100 percent of your wealth, to tell
you you have to go stand in front of a cannon and be shot at. It's the United
States Government that should be responsible for those homeless veterans,
making a home for them. I believe the City of Palo Alto should go in with
the other cities in California. The reason the veterans are here is because
the climate's better. You cannot stay out in the cold in—I don't know—
Kansas and the Great Plains. We ought to make sure that those properties
that are surplus property go to help the veterans, go to help education, go
to help other things. I think I can tell you more, but that's enough for now.
Thank you. Thank you very much for everything you've done, every one of
you. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus to be followed by Mora Oommen.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening. Congratulations Mayor Burt and Vice
Mayor Schmid. I'm here on behalf of Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society,
the Sierra Club as well as a resident of Palo Alto to thank Karen Holman for
her service. Karen, you have provided outstanding attention to the aesthetic
of the City, its ecology and its people. We thank you for that. Thank you
very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mora Oommen to be followed by Arthur Keller.

Mora Oommen: Good evening everyone. My name's Mora Oommen. I'm
the Executive Director of Blossom Birth Services. On behalf of Blossom, a
nonprofit that serves expectant and new families in the area, I want to thank
Karen Holman for all of her hard work this year. We're on California Avenue.
She's done a really amazing job of trying to support small business on
California Avenue. Unfortunately, Blossom will be losing its lease. We've
been in Palo Alto for over 16 years. We're going to be looking for a new
home. I hope it'll be here in Palo Alto, but it might be further up or down

                                                                          Page 14 of 23
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/4/16
