                         TRANSCRIPT
she alerted my wife, Suzanne, who was in the back room with our boys.
When she saw me, she told Abigail to get the neighbors while she called
911. Thus, together they summoned help. Within minutes, a stream of
people, neighbors, 911 dispatchers, firefighters and police officers,
converged on our home and literally brought me back to life. In sudden
cardiac arrest, seconds matter. Only about six percent of people who suffer
out-of-hospital cardiac arrest survive at all. One of my doctors later told me
that the chance I would fully recover both physically and neurologically were
a fraction of a percent. Yet, I did. My recovery is due to the fact that I got
effective help so quickly. I am standing here today and talking coherently
because my daughter was alert, because my wife was levelheaded in a
crisis, and because an interlocking chain of people were well-trained and in
position to give me the life support I needed in a timely fashion. I've seen
firsthand the alternative ending to this story. My own father died of a heart
attack on Thanksgiving Day in 1989, when he was four years younger than I
am today. My sister was 12 years old, like Abigail, and she too was the one
to raise the alarm when she saw him fall. Unfortunately, my father did not
survive. To this today, we feel the hole he left in my family. The people
we're honoring tonight not only saved me, they saved my wife and my
children from a life-altering loss. Some of my colleagues in Japan say I'm
living my second life.       In my Stanford Hospital record, one of the
cardiologists called this an "interesting and very fortunate case of aborted
sudden death." He added the observation, "He is lucky to be alive." Luck
was certainly a factor, but the bigger one was the people here tonight. They
gave me my second life. For that, I now consider them to be part of my
extended family. It is with the deepest gratitude that I'm pleased to help
publicly recognize them and thank them for all they've done for me and my
family and that they continue to do for all us every day. We are all lucky to
have them. Thank you.

Mr. Nickel: Mayor, if I could bother you to come down and present the
certificates to the California Avenue folks. We'll take some pictures as well.

Mayor Burt: While we have everyone still here, I just want to briefly
recognize Stephanie Martinson, who I saw in the audience. Stephanie, can
you wave? There we go. Stephanie is the founder of Racing Hearts and is
the person who has really led the charge and promoted AEDs, not only in
our community but now throughout the county, and has had a huge impact
on these sorts of opportunities to save lives. Thank you all. Please keep up
the good work.




                                                                         Page 4 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
