                          TRANSCRIPT
several strategic proposals. We need a good foothold to stay established
and continue to grow the organization. With that, Lisa.

Lisa Hendrickson: Thank you. My colleagues from Avenidas join me tonight
in also thanking Staff for its recommendation of a rent subsidy for us. It
may be helpful to remember that part of our partnership with the City for
over 40 years has been that the City has provided us a facility at no rent.
The rental expense, although maybe not a big number, is an incremental
cost to our operations and one for which we're going to have to fundraise at
a time when we're already asking the community for a lot of money
specifically $13 million to renovate the old building.       We watch our
fundraising dollars very closely. We feel that it's necessary for us to
shepherd them and steward them carefully. We very much value the lower
rent if you do approve that tonight, which we hope you will.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Diane Reklis, to be followed by
Stephanie Munoz.

Diane Reklis: Hi. I'm still Diane Reklis, and I still live at 3410 Janice Way.
There seems to be kind of a disconnect between what this body is talking
about, what the School District's talking about, what the paper's talking
about and what we talked about in our committee, the CCCAC in 2013. Our
conclusion was that we didn't have to choose. We can build a thoroughly
modern community center at Cubberley. When the time is right, we can
build a school, a full-sized school. I hear all sorts of other, much less things,
but this can only happen if we work together and if we plan together. On
that basis, I call for the following actions regarding the Cubberley property.
The City of Palo Alto and Palo Alto Unified School District must get serious
about joint planning for the site including a community needs survey as
called for in our report. Just having a couple of Staff people talking leaves
the whole community out. It leaves out the whole idea of new ideas coming
forth. We didn't think that we had any business saying we know what needs
to go in a community center. We could tell you what is there now. There
may be other uses for that center that we didn't even dream of. That's why
we asked for a community needs assessment. We still think we need a
community needs assessment. The second key thing is that no permanent
structures should be built on that property by either organization or anybody
else until such a plan is agreed to by all sides, until we have a map of where
the driveways should be, where the fields should be, where the buildings
should be, where the City's 8 acres should be. We can't build anything. The
only exception I would make is please put bathrooms out by the fields. It's
crazy that we don't have that right now. My last point was thank you, Rob,
for making it clear that none of these leases are longer than three years.
That was my third concern. Thank you.
                                                                         Page 20 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
