                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth:     Are we doing questions and comments or just
questions right now?

Mayor Burt: You can do questions and comments.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Thanks very much to Staff for
doing this. I'm glad it's finally got here. I couldn't resist passing out a
couple of charts which you should have in front of you. The top one has to—
I'll be fairly brief here. We sort of talked about this a little bit. A key piece
of our City's finances is the unfunded pension liability. It's been our general
tendency or practice to treat revenue and expenses pro forma. We kind of
tend to do it separately from looking at the unfunded liability. I'm glad that
we're sort of edging towards that. I really wanted to see them together.
That's what's on this chart. The red and orange lines are General Fund
revenues and expenses. The green line is the unfunded pension liability. In
this picture, it's just the unfunded pension liability, not Other Post Employee
Benefit (OPEB) which is another $140 million. As Lalo pointed out earlier in
the week, some of this goes into the Utilities as well as the General Fund.
This is the whole thing shown here. When you look at this, two things really
jump out at you. One is we've done a consistently good job of managing our
expenses very, very closely to our revenues over time. That includes a little
bit of allocation into infrastructure from that as well. Those have matched
very closely over time. The second is that the unfunded liability is really big
compared to that. It's grown really big compared to that. The whole
situation is actually only 15 years old. At the beginning of the century, we
had a surplus, so all this is new. It's going to take many more than 15 years
to dig our way out of it. Over those 15 years, basically what the actuarial
liability represents is a huge additional operating expense. All these are
payroll expenses; it's just that we push it out into the future instead of
paying for it now. For example, if I hire Karen to fix my car and I pay her
with an IOU instead of cash, it's still an operating expense. In theory we're
going to pay that off over a long period of time, but there's a lot of
assumptions and unknowns about that. In the meantime, it's kind of this
major operating expense that we tend to deal with in separate meetings
than the ones we talk about here. As we manage our expense to our
revenue, we have this other expense that isn't part of that dialog. I think it
ought to be. I think the City and the unions have together taken some very
important steps toward getting this under control. What this highlights is it's
still a very growing concern. Things like the Section 115 that we're talking
about is important. The Council should consider as one of the steps we take,

                                                                         Page 87 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
