                         TRANSCRIPT
A.    The Built Environment:       Infrastructure,   Housing,   Parking,       and
      Livability; and

B.    Mobility; and

C.    Healthy City, Healthy Community; and

D.    Completion of the Comprehensive Plan 2015-2030 Update with
      increased focus from Council.

Mayor Burt: Did you wish to speak more to that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, I think I've spoken to it.

Mayor Burt: Do you wish to speak to your second?

Council Member Berman: I think that's a good evolution of our Priorities.
Obviously, being one of the biggest proponents of Infrastructure, it's been a
Priority for, I think, all three years I've been on Council. We try to have
these be for three years in length. We've made great strides. We are in the
execution phase. I'd be uncomfortable seeing it fall completely off of the
list, but I think moving it under the Built Environment and adding housing to
that—was that part of the motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Council Member Berman: Makes a lot of sense, and then creates a added
emphasis on mobility which clearly the comments we get from the
community and the data from the Citizen Survey warrant. Hopefully in
2017, we can see even more change to some of these things as more things
get completed. I think that makes sense.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Before we go further, can the maker look at the motion?                It
looks like it might need some refinement. We'll revisit that.

Mr. Keene: I was partly getting to that point. It seems that there are two
ways to be—two factors to keep in mind when you set the Priorities. One,
you want language about the Priority itself that speaks to the relevance of
the issues and that the public could understand sort of intuitively what it's
about. Secondly, I think that the projects themselves help frame the
language for the Priority. One question I would ask you to think about here
is parking—the current language is Built Environment is multimodal
transportation, parking and livability. Multimodal transportation moves to
mobility or whatever. Where does parking go? Is parking part of mobility or
                                                                         Page 38 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
