                          TRANSCRIPT
Crescent Park like many of the neighborhoods is unique. We look after each
other. We look after the neighborhood. We keep the streets clean. We do
neighborhood watch.        All those things are going to be impacted by
nonresidential parking.       Coming and going, congestion, litter, safety,
security, quality of life, property values, all those things are going to be
impacted. When we moved here 38 years ago, we never signed up for that.
I think most residents did not either. What you have before you, I think, is
already a compromise. A lot of us don't like it but, as Norman Beamer said,
it's better than nothing. A key part of that compromise, I think, is the
phase-out reduction. I think that's crucial. It keeps the pressure on all of us
to look for a better solution. I urge you to keep that in the Resolution. I
urge you to look for a more permanent, long-term solution so that we'd not
lose the very values that we all love and the reasons we came here years
ago. Thank you very much.

Council Member Schmid:      Thank you.    Paul Skokowski to be followed by
John Guisein.

Paul Skokowski: Thank you. My name is Paul Skokowski. Our family lives
on Tasso Street in Professorville. We've been there for 25 years. We are in
a residential community. I want to point out and our neighbors have agreed
on a petition which was circulated actually a couple of years ago that
businesses are the cause of the parking problem. Residents are not the
cause of the parking problem. We've been there for 25 years; there hasn't
been a parking problem until just the past couple of years. Therefore,
businesses should pay all costs of parking enforcement and permits and
signs.

Council Member Schmid:        Please, I would again ask no clapping or
demonstrations. It disrupts the flow of the meeting. I'm sorry.

Mr. Skokowski: I hope you give me some extra time for that. Thank you.
Businesses should pay all costs of parking enforcement, permits and signs.
Residents should not have to pay for permits. Residential areas should only
have residential parking. How do businesses pay? By employee density per
square foot of building footprint. Thus, businesses such as Flipboard which
are single-story, high density and Palantir which are multi-story and so very
high density for its building's footprint would pay more. Whole Foods and
also restaurants would pay less because their employee density is less for
their footprint. Palo Alto residents, I want you to know that this is our
community. Since we are the ones who vote, we will determine who parks
in our residential areas. Thank you.



                                                                         Page 24 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
