                          TRANSCRIPT
response to the data that's been presented. I guess we look forward to
those results and any linkages that might be made to the source.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I'm just going to say that I wish Palo Alto
had clearer rules, maybe some more consistent rules, around how we handle
concerns about TCE. There's been some discussion about that in the
community. There's a group of enterprising students at Gunn High School
that's been focused on this, and some other people in the community that
have been focused on this. I think the communication between those
community advocates and Staff has already been initiated. I look forward to
furthering and being part of that discussion, seeing the community have that
discussion for the long term. When cases like this come up, everybody is on
the same page about what the rules are and just so we have greater clarity
as a community rather than the lengthy discussion. I think this has been
very educational for all of us. There was a hint from the maker of the
Motion earlier that he would be open to an amendment. I first wanted to
turn to the applicant. I understand that it is not the preference of the
applicant to include sub-slab ventilation or depressurization. I've also heard
from the applicant that financing was not the reason for that preference. I
was wondering whether they would be comfortable with that being part of
this project. I think it would increase the level of comfort by the community
and also by the Council.

Mayor Burt: You're asking what?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm asking whether they're comfortable with sub-
slab depressurization or ventilation being an additional mitigation measure.

Mayor Burt: I'll allow that question.

Mr. Wuthmann: I appreciate the concern. We are concerned for the health
and welfare of our faculty members as well. That said, we are concerned
about instilling within faculty members a sense of security deriving from
something that we know from practice they may not maintain, want to
maintain. That said, we would like to ask since we still have closure work to
do with DTSC, to work with DTSC on this. If they come to the conclusion
that it would be materially beneficially to improving the protection against
indoor air intrusion, then we would be willing to consider that. Since DTSC
will be still working with us on the post-construction requirements and
regulations, we would like to work with them on this and leave it up to their
professional judgment.


                                                                        Page 64 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
