                          TRANSCRIPT
are very centrally located for all of Escondido Village and are meant to
support that population as well. This is a very exciting part of the project for
us. Brian Shaw is here from Parking and Transportation Services if you have
any questions when I'm done about that. Lastly as I mentioned, we did
some visual simulations based on sort of conceptual massing of what we're
talking about. These figures show in white the outlines of the existing mid
and high-rises at Escondido Village. The red indicate the conceptual massing
of the proposed project. We've picked three sites. This one is actually in
College Terrace. You can see in the inset map it's sort of central College
Terrace, looking across Cameron Park, trying to get as much view as we
could of the site. You can see it's largely obscured by vegetation and other
structures. Probably the most visible view that would occur is at El Camino
Real/Serra Street if you're standing in that intersection, looking directly into
campus. You can see the red peaks out a little bit behind the existing trees.
That's probably the most visible as you'll get for the project. The third was
probably the more common view, heading south on El Camino Real, looking
across the athletic fields. There may be little pieces peeking out beyond the
vegetation, but it is largely obscured. Finally as I mentioned, we applied in
January for the ability to get allocation of an additional 1,450 housing units
beyond the 3,000, and that has been processed and analyzed by the County.
They have it on their agenda for approval at the Planning Commission on
Thursday. We are continuing to work on the design of the project. That is
expected to go for architectural and site approval, which is the County's sort
of Architectural Review Board (ARB). That would happen this summer. The
goal is to move through that permitting and hopefully start construction in
the fall. With that, we're available to answer any questions you might have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Colleagues, is there someone who would like to
start off with any questions? Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you for the presentation and for coming
and chatting with us about this. Even though we play no formal role in your
approval, it's always nice to have that open back-and-forth between the City
and the University. The one question I had. I know there was some back-
and-forth between some of our Staff and you guys on concerns about some
of the off-campus graduate students and what that would mean to the
studies and that kind of thing. I think you guys did a good job of answering.
My question is am I going to wake up six months from now and see that
Stanford has plans to increase its graduate student population by 2,000
students, which would thereby make null the gains that are made from
bringing 2,000 off campus onto campus. I know you guys can't predict what
will happen in the future, but I'm sure you'd be honest with us if there were
kind of plans under foot to do something like that. Is there somebody from

                                                                          Page 6 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
