                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: 4.1, and then you go into the parking section—4.3
looks like three to two. If you go into the parking section, Section 5
actually, talks about mixed use. 6.5, 6.6, 6.3, 6.8.

Mr. Lait: There a number of Context-Based Design Criteria. These are
illustrative to communicate the idea of massing and building orientation and
things of that nature. This is what projects are reviewed against. This is
what we take to the Architectural Review Board. Again, if the Council finds
that the project that's before you is not meeting some of those standards,
then those are the kinds of comments that we would want to hear.

Council Member Filseth: I wanted to ask a question on the daylight plane.
You have two. One thing I also noticed from all these diagrams is that the
daylight plane, particularly when there's a large difference in height on some
of these diagrams—I'm looking at 6.5 and 6.6 and 6.7 and 6.8—the daylight
plane runs into the ground in an open space between the large building and
the two-story house next door. Whereas, in this project it runs directly into
the house. Did I read that right?

Mr. Ah Sing: When you apply the daylight plane, it does conform to that
requirement. Because the building does have that odd shape, the property
has an odd shape, it does kind of contort that daylight plane. There's a good
exhibit actually in the set of plans. It looks like almost a blue tint over the
property, and that is supposed to depict what the daylight plane is for this
property.

Council Member Filseth: It's interesting. I walked up a block away to the
corner of Waverley and Lytton, and there's also a big three-story building
on—it's actually the northwest corner of Waverley too. That has some of
the—not the same kind in this one, but design elements to set back the
upper floors. It's clear they did that to try to reduce the massing. That's
adjacent to a two-story house as well. In that case, the two-story house is
50 feet away, and it's across the entrance to a parking lot. Whereas in this
case, it's a one-story house and right next to it. I thought the one on
Waverley seems like it's more consistent with the diagrams in the Code here
than this one.

Mr. Lait: I'm looking at the picture ...

Council Member Filseth: Is that accurate?

Mr. Lait: I'm looking at the picture now on Google Maps. You're right. That
might be part of the Public Facilities District (PF) zone, which would have a
different daylight plane requirement.        It does look like it does take
advantage of that steeper daylight plane. There is some intervening space
                                                                         Page 32 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
