                          TRANSCRIPT
funded through a Caltrans planning grant and is focused on identifying the
kinds of bike parking that will best suit our Caltrain riders' needs. The study
will be completed in the first quarter of 2017. Our Transportation Staff are
serving on the technical advisory committee for the study. We intend to
incorporate the recommendations into our City strategy to add secure
bicycle parking throughout Palo Alto. In the meantime, our Staff will be
looking for immediate opportunities to add secure bicycle parking throughout
the City. At this time, people wanting tips on how to personally secure your
bikes can go to the City's website to our Safe Routes to School page. We'll
be moving a link up onto our homepage to address that. As a result of
ongoing conflicts between some bicyclists and pedestrians along the Bol Park
Path, our Transportation Staff will be meeting with a group of Barron Park
residents and path users this Wednesday to begin development of a concept
plan for safety improvements along the path. The group will also identify
opportunities to immediately add new signing and striping along the path to
improve safety and operations. I think the Council has heard a number of
comments from folks in the community there. These types of path user
conflicts are becoming more common in our country as more shared-use
paths are constructed and more people begin to bike and walk. We will work
with our community to identify good ideas from trails around the nation to
develop both the immediate and long-term safety improvements along Bol
Park. Speaking of Bol Park and Barron Park neighborhood but our City as a
whole, I did want to share with anybody who has not heard it yet the sad
news that our beloved Palo Alto donkey Miner Forty-Niner died at the age of
32 on Wednesday, September 28th, after having respiratory and other
health problems. Miner's longtime companion, of course, Palo Alto Perry
who gained fame by traveling around the City in another form, visiting one
location after another, certainly still with us but has to be saddened by the
loss of his companion. I would point out that Sue Dremann at The Weekly
has written a really nice story about it. Folks may want to get online and
take a look at that. Lastly, I just wanted to share an update on our golf
course. Construction is in full swing, as you can see out here at the golf
course. Our contractor has completed approximately two-thirds. Can we
have sound, guys?

Mayor Burt: Is that a new golf cart?

Mr. Keene: Get the sound. Anyway, 200,000 cubic yards of soil from the
large stockpile out onto the golf course. It's already been transformed from
a nearly flat surface into a rolling terrain of mounds and valleys which will
provide a far more interesting and challenging course for golfers. It will not
look like this, folks, when it's done. Introduction of native plants in wetland
areas will create enhanced habitat for local wildlife and will allow the golf
course to blend more seamlessly into the surrounding Baylands. The rough
                                                                        Page 24 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
