                          TRANSCRIPT
have proceeded.        I strongly support the plan to have the 16-unit
development. I give my congratulations to Golden Gate Homes for an
inordinate amount of flexibility and willing to bend their profit interest for the
interest of getting along with neighbors who insisted on something that, I
feel—I can't imagine another developer going to the lengths that they have
to accommodate that. I want to move, though, to where I have difficulty. I
feel that the bicycle path was casually dismissed at the PTC meeting. There
were four people there. Only one of them really had questions. Greg
Tanaka was trying to draw out questions about is there precedent for
demanding access for cul de sacs, where can you show it to us. Josh Mello
was having trouble, because there haven't been many recently. In the past,
when all these cul de sac developments were put in, nobody really thought
about bike and pedestrian access. Now, we're paying the penalty for it in a
lot of reduced connectivity. About the pedestrian part, finally I hear and I
didn't hear it at all at the community—the two meetings that were
stakeholders were closed meetings to leaders of the community only, if I
understand correctly. That gave the public one chance to come and hear the
plan and be encouraged to come out and support it. I supported it because
it sounded really good. You've got 16 units; you resolved the traffic
movement issues satisfactorily; you had competing interests on Arastradero,
competing interests on Maybell. They made it work. Then, I find out that
there was an additional component to the circulation plan which was the
pedestrian path within that, that was advanced by Josh Mello as standing up
for values that Palo Alto has to promote sustainable connectivity, to promote
bicycle and pedestrian culture. I'm uneasy about that being dismissed
without a full discussion of it. I hope that will happen on the Council. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bob Moss to be followed by Suzanne Keehn.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Let me give a
little history on this site, which the Staff Report omits. The property was
originally bought by the Housing Corporation about six or seven years ago
for $15.4 million. They came in with a proposal for a 72-unit development,
a huge five-story building with 60 units for seniors and 12 single-family
homes. We referenda'ed that successfully and got it killed, even though we
were outspent almost 10:1. Subsequently, the Housing Corporation sold the
property to Golden Gate Homes for $22 million, making a nice profit thanks
to the people who voted against their development. What we have is a
project which is significantly better than what was proposed before. As you
know, traffic on Arastradero and Maybell is absolutely awful. I happened to
drive past Arastradero about 9:30 A.M. this morning, and traffic was backed
up almost all the way to El Camino. That was 9:30 A.M. in the morning, and
                                                                          Page 87 of 116
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/20/16
