  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

And then other challenges just one that we are all very familiar with is the
great drought of California. Historic records I think, I believe that it’s, was
the greatest drought in 500 years and there’s a real question of whether
we’re in a period of more likely future droughts because of climate change
and ironically hand in hand with that goes more frequent severe weather
storms, so more flooding and more droughts. You get the best of both
worlds. So these are real challenges that we have today, but this goes into
the final area that I really wanted to talk about tonight, and that is not just
our recent past and our near term future, but our longer term future.

We are working and in the midst of a couple year process on two very
important plans for the City. The update, our new Comprehensive Plan, the
last one was adopted in 1998.            So that’s 18 years ago.   And our
Sustainability and Climate Action Plans where we were one of the first cities
in the country to have those plans in the early 2000’s and we have some of
our Council members here who were at the leadership role in moving Palo
Alto to the forefront in a whole bunch of environmental areas, our Zero
Waste Program and our Renewable Energy Program. So we have this year
the Council is really focusing on both of these plans and they’re going to
guide the future of Palo Alto for coming decades and even generations.
These documents are going to be the plans that will influence what kind of
community we pass on to our children and our children’s children. So that’s
what I’d like to take a little extra time to talk about today.

So our Comprehensive Plan looks at our great heritage of Palo Alto and most
of you know the HP Garage. And then we have to look at well, what’s the
transformation to the future? How do we blend the old and the new? And
who would’ve thunk that Palo Alto was going to be a car company town?
The headquarters of Tesla Motors and the headquarters of the research arms
of almost all of the major global car companies are here related to Stanford’s
work either on campus or in Palo Alto. And this next generation of what’s
happening in smart and autonomous vehicles and Electric Vehicles (EV) so
much of that research and groundwork is being done right here in our
community. So fortunately we also are a community that is embracing this.
We are now four percent EV adoption, the highest in the United States (US).
And most of us know that it’s just the last few years that these cars started
becoming more affordable. And we’ve been having presentations, many of
you were at our Sustainability and Climate Action Summit and we had a
study session the following evening with Professor Stefan Heck from
Stanford who is a leading researcher on this transformation in transportation
and the future of being able to have smart, autonomous or semi-
autonomous EVs, reducing the car trips, having clean car trips, and reducing
                                                                           Page 10 of 18
                                                               State of the City Address
                                                                                 2/24/16
