                          TRANSCRIPT
also on the Group 2 and Group 3 recommendations. I would also suggest
that you include a mechanism that if the estimates are exceeded during the
process of dewatering by something like 10 percent, that a new plan, not the
type that costs $10,000, but an update has to be submitted. I would also
request that you monitor one of your incredible assets in this town which are
your trees. They increase our property value. They make your City one of
the most beautiful cities in this country. Do it for five years. Trees don't get
stressed and die in three months. Make it so that the owners, the people
who are building these basements provide that information to you. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ester Nigenda, to be followed
by Steve Eglash. Welcome.

Ester Nigenda: Good evening, Council Members and other attendees. We've
had a few exciting days lately. The Sustainability and Climate Change
Summit was an amazing experience. We thank the City for its (inaudible)
and leadership in these areas. A day later, Public Works welcomed me to
their groundwater workshop.        Tonight, of course, the City Council is
addressing the issue of groundwater or more specifically how the practice of
dewatering for building under the water table impacts Palo Alto's
groundwater. It is thrilling to see that Palo Alto is meeting the challenges of
climate change, sea level rise, predicted water scarcity and related issues in
such a proactive manner. I am grateful to the Staff at Public Works for
including our grassroots organization, Save Palo Alto's Groundwater, as a
stakeholder on the issue of groundwater, the mostly unseen and until
recently mostly ignored. Climate scientists tell us that groundwater provides
a crucial buffer against drought and the growing impacts of global warming.
As is already happening, climate scientists say that because of global
warming, we will see more precipitation as rain and less as snow. Extreme
events such as prolonged droughts and severe storms will be more frequent
and that in the near future we will be more dependent on groundwater
supplies as the mountain snowpack that has historically been a crucial
component of California's water supply diminishes. The water infrastructure
that has served California well for over 100 years will no longer be adequate
to meet our needs. Because of groundwater's increasing importance in a
time of climate change, we ask that the City take bold steps to protect our
groundwater, such as limiting the amount of water that may be pumped out
during dewatering and requiring all pumped water to be used for beneficial
uses and/or recharged back to the aquifer. We hear that single-use water
will soon be a thing of the past. This pumped water has not even had a
single use. We ask the City to protect and wisely manage our groundwater
as a very important component of our water supply. Thank you.

                                                                         Page 48 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
