                          TRANSCRIPT
for this project and others have been a frequent occurrence over the last two
years. The College Terrace Neighborhood Association has worked with
Stanford and Public Works Staff for years to try to prevent just these types
of incidents and to keep large trucks from cutting through residential streets.
After the accident, the driver told me that he had no idea how to get to the
site and had not been given any instructions or a map. The approved route
to this site is Page Mill to Hanover and then up California Street. Since he
didn't have this information, he called his supervisor in Oregon, who
instructed him to cut through the neighborhood which led to this event. We
greatly appreciate all the efforts and help by Public Works Staff and Police
Department, even very recently two weeks ago, to remind project leaders
that their large trucks need to use the approved routes. Even so, this
accident took place. We hope to work together with all parties to find
solutions such as effective signage and better communications and
accountability. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rita Vrhel, to be followed by
our final speaker, Sea Reddy.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. I have a copy of a letter from Jaclyn Schrier that
I have provided to each one of you. It talks about Mayor Burt's comments
on May 16th regarding tech firms in Downtown not being in compliance with
the zoning laws. I was here for that meeting, so I did hear that comment.
This letter brings out the issue of violation of permitted administrative,
medical and professional uses. I'm not sure if that is or is not correct. I do
wonder, since the comment was made, how the City goes about having
these companies come into compliance with the existing zoning laws or is
that a concern. I think the writer of this letter makes several excellent
points, which are shared by many in the community. If anyone on the City
Council would care to email me and provide any information as to how I
should proceed, should I go to the Fire Department, should I go to Policy
and Services, where do I go. Thank you. The other thing is that a couple of
weeks ago the Olive Garden project was approved. I was also here for that
meeting. It appeared that there was no transportation mitigation policy—I
hope I'm calling it the right thing—but at the end of the meeting, everybody
agreed that a 30 percent reduction in transportation would be worthwhile. I
guess I have question as to how are these transportation mitigation policies,
once they're put into place, followed. Do the companies submit data to the
City Council or to someone? Is this just an idea which everyone hopes will
come to fruition? Are the programs actually occurring with substantive
results? It seems like traffic is still horrible. Again, if anybody wants to
email me on how these programs are implemented and monitored, I would
be grateful for that. Thank you.

                                                                            Page 6 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
