                          TRANSCRIPT
$250,000 additional costs per year, and that's even if we start charging $5
for children and $10 for adult visits. Am I reading that correctly?

Mr. de Geus: That is correct. We're still working on the numbers and the
pro formas. It's very much a new venture. We're not sure how the public's
going to respond, so we like to be a little conservative on this. Hopefully we
do better. It's going to be a great new center, and we may be able to do
better. We hope so.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be honest. I'm not excited about the idea of
charging people to visit the Zoo any more than I'd be excited to charge
people to visit Foothills Park or the Baylands or City libraries. If we do end
up charging, I'd probably be more inclined to you pay the $5 or $10 and that
is your year pass and just allow people to come as many times as they want
after that. We're not making those decisions tonight. I'm just putting that
out there for future discussion and consideration. If we didn't charge at all
for entry, how much additional annual operating costs would we be looking
at? Sorry if I missed that.

Mr. de Geus: It's, I would think, somewhere in the $600,000 range, maybe
more than that even. This has given me a little heartburn too. We've had
this free Junior Museum and Zoo for many years. To now charge a fee, how
will people respond to that and react? We're still concerned about that, but
we think, with a good membership program where particularly Palo Alto
residents can get a good rate if they want to visit regularly to be able to pay
for that, it can be quite successful. I would also add that it is a phenomenal
service that's being provided, and it costs to run a service like that. It's not
free. Also with our customer feedback so far, there is a willingness to pay.
They recognize that it costs, that it's unusual that something like this would
be completely free to the public.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess one other thing to consider is whether we
might provide a discounted or free rate for Palo Alto residents and charge a
small amount for people who are not Palo Alto residents. Maybe something
to consider for Foothills Park as well. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think we have covered most of the salient points at
this point. A couple of things. Who is actually heading up the fundraising?
Just out of curiosity. Is one of you in charge?

Mr. Hopkins:   Yes.   I'm Co-Chair with another gentleman who's not here
tonight.

                                                                          Page 22 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
