                          TRANSCRIPT
Running Fence in Sonoma. Now, I'm going to turn it over to Randy, and
he's going to do a presentation, followed by Craig, and then we will have
ample time for discussion and questions.

Randy Cohen, Americans for the Arts, Vice President of Research and Policy:
Thank you. Mayor Burt, members of the Council, thank you so much for
having me. It's great to be with you. It's great to be back here in the Bay
Area. I actually just grew up down El Camino there in Sunnyvale, so this is
all coming back time for me. Worked over here at Stanford doing research
for a number of years. I'm really thrilled to be with you today to really just
talk about the arts and tell a good news story about the benefits that come
to us in a vibrant arts community. I think we all understand how the arts
inspire us and help us feel more creative and engaged. They entertain us;
we enjoy them. I want to stipulate all of that, all those reasons we normally
think about the arts, and really talk about some of the very pragmatic
aspects that come to a community rich in the arts. I'm going to start with
the idea. A lot of people think this pragmatic thing for the arts is just sort of
some new way to get money or something. Actually, you know what? Arts
have been very purposefully used for a number of years. What you're
hopefully looking at on your monitors is a picture which you all recognize
probably from school. That's George Washington there at Valley Forge,
captured by an artist. What was interesting that long, cold, hungry winter,
General Washington was really in a fix trying to figure out how do I inspire
these guys, this hungry, freezing army up against this well-fortified, well-
fed, warm army. You know what he did? He gave an order that a play be
performed. He turned to the arts. He didn't say, "We're going to go take
out that pig farm today and that chicken ranch," or something tomorrow.
He ordered that the five act play Cato be performed. It was a play about a
young Roman nobleman who stood up to authority for what he believed was
right. That really inspired a lot of early leaders back then. The idea was
don't get out there and do battle tomorrow because I'm telling you to. This
is what we're aspiring to. This is the new republic. He felt actually that the
arts were the best way to convey that message. Now, interestingly he did
that despite a Congressional resolution at the time that said plays were
detrimental to republican virtue, so he even broke orders to make it happen.
It's also a nice transition to something that we're seeing an awful lot of now.
I'm just jumping right into some of these pragmatic aspects. Many of you
may recognize this February—actually a year ago this month—February
2015 National Geographic, the cover story was about arts in the military.
We work with the VA, with the Defense Department. They are looking to the
arts as a way to help our servicemen and servicewomen returning from the
battles to heal emotionally, be reintegrated into their communities, their
families. Walter Reed, the National Intrepid Center for Excellence are using
the arts very intensively because they found it as an effective way to help
                                                                          Page 2 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
