                          TRANSCRIPT
Don't do half big solutions and have the residents of Crescent Park bear the
parking burden for nonresidents. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Ian Irwin, to be
followed by Phil Salsbury. Phil, if you could come up.

Ian Irwin: Hi. My name is Ian Irwin. I live at the corner of Cowper and
Homer Street. I want to commend the work that's been done on the
Downtown parking issue. We could not find places to park until this program
was put into effect. I understand the next stage will impact seriously on
Crescent Park. One hears that we're vibrant. I hear that word. Whenever
you hear that word, you've got to watch out because that means the
buildings are moving within four feet of the curb, the sidewalks are
disappearing, restaurants now put their tables where you walk down the
street. Vibrant is a key word for me. I think that one of the problems is
that a period of uncontrolled growth has been allowed, much retail and
community-serving businesses turning into offices. They pack people in with
Costco tables, elbow to elbow, and a bunch of computers. That's what
employers do. We hear much of that was justified based on the fact that
proximity to public transportation. A lot of parking for new buildings was let
go. They said, "(inaudible) public transportation. This will be great. We
don't have to have parking. We can under-park the building." That was
done, so we're left with a parking problem. I think that in the Downtown
residential area it's been very helpful to have the Parking Program.
Extending that to Crescent Park seems like it's not right, unless you want to
start extending the development to Crescent Park as well too. I would
suggest that you stay with what you have. You probably make that a
residential-only parking. You've got to solve this problem. It really is a
Council-created problem. We've had a bunch of employees who come and
say they need help, but this really falls on the employers. The rents are
skyrocketing. The businesses are very dense and not really paying a great
deal into the revenue of the City. I don't know if there's a business tax. We
hear that there's some overflow that helps the City economically, but I really
haven't seen that. I think you have to solve the problem. I think burdening
the people of Crescent Park is probably not the way to do it. Thanks.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Phil Salsbury, to be
followed by Paul Skokowski.

Phil Salsbury: My name is Phil Salsbury, and I live in Crescent Park. We
have lived there for 38 years. We've raised four sons, all of whom have
gone through the Palo Alto public school system. Long-term resident, we
love this community, love the neighborhood. I'm also a Block Preparedness
Coordinator under the Emergency Services organization here in Palo Alto.

                                                                        Page 23 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
