                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: If you could discipline yourselves to quickly take it up and vote
to refer it on the 9th, then we could shorten the time allocated to that Item.

Mayor Burt:    That may work.     The site and design review, that can be
pushed out?

Mr. Keene: Yes, we can do that. We're going to have to figure out when we
can do it, since everything is really busy. We can push that out. If we find
out tomorrow morning that we've actually publicized the public hearing, we'll
just have to put a notice out that it's been continued to a date certain and
we'll have that date.

Mayor Burt: We were polling about starting that meeting at 5:00 P.M. Beth,
did you get results on the ability to start the May 2nd meeting at 5:00 P.M.?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: On May 2nd to start at 5:00, I have three yes and
one maybe. That's it so far.

Mayor Burt: Can we orally poll right now on the capability of starting that
meeting at 5:00 P.M.? We can start it at 5:00 P.M. We should be able to
have this Item go to May 2nd instead of this coming Monday. We're all in
agreement?

Mr. Keene: Yes. We will, of course, get the news out. Obviously, we'd ask
any of the neighbors to share that info with neighbors for those folks who
left early and heard that we were going to do it on the 25th. Just so
everyone knows, it's moved to May 2nd. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: The Agenda Items for next week are the Bike Plan and then the
budget overview and a Colleagues Memo on safeguards on technology.
Thank you, everyone from the public, for participating tonight. We will
continue this Item to May 2nd. Can we give people a sense of—we'll get the
word out. Do we know the sequence on May 2nd?

Mr. Keene: I don't see any reason why we couldn't take it up as the first
Action Item, and do the budget after that. Make it the first of the three
Items, on the Action Items I mean. It would be approximately—we're
starting at 5:00, so 6:20?

Mayor Burt: The Agenda will be on the website, but it'll be fairly early in the
evening.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: No legislative matters to report.

                                                                         Page 92 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
