                          TRANSCRIPT
opportunity to review those community discussions. The reaction is similar
to what we have today, that there's little to no appetite for increasing the
speed limits in our local streets. Having that laid out as my outlook as well,
even if it did occur, if you were trying to do this to be able to enforce radar,
how much over the speed limit would you ticket someone when using radar?
Normally, when a cop is following a speeding driver, the rule of thumb I
think is 10 miles an hour above. Is there a rule or rule of thumb that's
generally used with radar?

Craig Lee, Palo Alto Police Department Sergeant: Thank you very much.
There is no set rule of thumb. Every officer has his or her own ouch factor.
A lot of those pertain to the segment of roadway, crash data, other
community complaints that come in. There's nothing that anyone would say
5 miles, 10, 15 comes into play.

Mayor Burt: What would you say is typical?

Mr. Lee: When I was a motor cop, I would usually say 15-plus over the
speed limit, because that is something that I can articulate in a traffic court
why it's something.

Mayor Burt: With radar?

Mr. Lee: With radar.

Mayor Burt: If we have a 25 mile an hour speed limit, we can't enforce with
radar. If you could, you'd enforce at maybe 40. Thirty-five sounds like at
the low end. If you raise it to 30, you're not going to enforce it at 40. It
becomes 45. Even with the radar, we increase the average speed. We were
able to ticket more, but we didn't slow folks down under that principle. I
think that illustrates that that doesn't really address our problem. On the
other hand, when we put the traffic calming—the restriping of Middlefield
and some of the other measures that went in there, I had observed within
the first week—I drove there twice. I have to admit I drove twice. I
thought, "I'm driving slower, and I think people around me are driving
slower." I was very anxious to see this data. I don't know if everybody
stared at Page 22 of the PowerPoint presentation. It showed that those
measures on Middlefield decreased—this is Oregon to Menlo Park. We didn't
really decrease it much elsewhere. This doesn't really parse out Oregon to
Embarcadero. Is that correct, Josh?

Mr. Mello: The top section, the 85th percentile, was taken at Portal Place.
That's between Lowell and Oregon. The travel time data was calculated by
somebody traveling all the way from Menlo Park to Oregon.

                                                                          Page 43 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
