                          TRANSCRIPT
Library as well, that is becoming more used. The Teen Advisory Board plans
programs and services for both of those libraries.

Chair Loy: Thank you. We also do have 3-D printing. You guys are
probably familiar with the 3-D printing that was part of the Makerspace
program, which is now actually at Cubberley, I think, for the time being.
Additional 3-D printers have been added, one at Rinconada and another is
planned for Downtown. Those services have been very, very popular. Let's
see. There's public access to the printers. They're not charging for it, but
the Library Staff is assisting use or actually running the jobs, I think. Virtual
reality, the new craze. The Library has purchased four virtual reality sets,
and they're going to look into how to deploy those and make those available.
First, it's experimentation. More pictures of teens. We have mini golf over
here. This is a picture of the Facebook page post from finals cram.
Pokémon, 3-D printers, teen Library Advisory Commission (LAC) and preteen
space. There were 120 kids that went to the finals cram. Just a little focus
on collections and use. We have an increased foreign language collection.
The Lucky Day collection. Let's just talk about my bullets. The book
collection size had gone down when the libraries were closed as one of the
ways to deal with that situation. It's now slightly up year over year. Check-
outs are slightly down, which is not inconsistent with other Library data
across the state and the country. The media collection is down a little bit,
and the check-outs are down, not as much. E-books and e-music collection
is up hugely. Is that due to the addition of the actual assets or is it due to a
new service also?

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: It's a result of both. We continue to develop
those collections and look at them. We haven't really added any new
services. We've worked hard to promote them. We continue to offer tutors,
one-on-one tutoring. If you have a device, you don't know how to download
an e-book or stream a movie, and you'd like some assistance, I know former
Council Member Gail Price took advantage of that and had a teen tutor her
on two different occasions for different items. It's a combination of factors.

Chair Loy: Thanks, Monique. The check-outs in the e-books and e-music
are up considerably. They're up a huge amount, but they're not as big as
the circulation of books in general. We should be aware of that. The e-stuff
is great and it sounds great statistically, but people do still love books.
Monique started the Lucky Day collection. That's a collection of popular
books, like best sellers, that you can take out for a shorter period of time.
They're not subject to holds.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Correct. They are very popular items, books
and DVDs. When you walk into a library branch, you won't know what's on

                                                                          Page 6 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
