                          TRANSCRIPT
recommendation is just that you actually approve the recommendations that
I've just gone over.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Mr. Bobel. At this time, if members of the Council
have any technical follow-up questions, we can briefly entertain them. The
members of the Policy and Services Committee from last year generally had
an opportunity to air our questions, so we'll try to defer any of those as
much as possible, and then we'll hear from members of the public. Council
Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much, folks. Phil, you described sort
of a couple of the major impact drivers for this. One is the issue that we're
wasting water in a drought. The second is the issue of subsidence on nearby
properties. On the second issue, why is this an issue now? We've been
building basements in Palo Alto for quite a long time now. Is there
something different that is technically different now than before?

Mr. Bobel: I don't think there is anything fundamentally different. I'll just
remind you—in your case, maybe you're too young. This does come up from
time to time. The last time it came up was in the latter part of the last
decade. I think it was 2006, 2007. We did a Staff Report in either '06 or '07
on this and addressed many of the same concerns, not so much the wasting
water concern however. It was more focused on the effects on nearby
property.

Council Member Filseth:    What was the upshot of that?       What was the
prescription from that?

Mr. Bobel: There were no recommendations along the lines of tonight's
recommendation. I think there were fewer concerned residents. There was
less concern in general, and there weren't specific—I shouldn't say that. The
main thing that came out of the last effort was we now have put in place a
requirement that when you build a basement, you build it in such a way that
once the construction is over, there will not have to be ongoing pumping.
We've required people to build it like a boat. I would say that the outcome
of the last kind of concern about this whole thing was to at least limit the
pumping to that relatively short period, three, six months of pumping during
construction, and then there not being any further pumping.

Council Member Filseth: Is there evidence that that prescription was not
enough to take care of the problem? As you say, we've had ten years of
experience with it now.

Mr. Bobel: By the problem, you're talking about effects on nearby ... This is
very difficult for Staff to analyze. We've got a number of residents who have
                                                                      Page 38 of 125
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/1/16
