                          TRANSCRIPT
categories. Part of the inconsistency of that listing right now is there's a
small cottage on Lytton Avenue, Category 2. Birge Clark's former building,
the University Art, Category 3. During that committee we were talking
about having, for example—simplifying it to two categories, historic and non-
historic. It'd be a lot simpler. The discretionary process is a good way to
get a little more teeth into an Ordinance. Many of the regulations right now
in the Historic Preservation Ordinance are voluntary. The committee did
suggest the Council consider seeing if there's any kind of Ordinance
changes, but again that's not the direction that these current Guidelines are
looking at. We do think it is important to at least adopt the Guidelines,
because we want to not have to ask the question gone tomorrow.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.      Our first speaker then is Beth Bunnenberg.
Welcome.

Beth Bunnenberg: Beth Bunnenberg, and I'm speaking tonight as an
individual just to bring up if you get to the point of tweaking the language a
little bit, a very careful reading friend of mine brought to mind and pointed
out that on Page 9 in the introduction there is a phrase that might be
somewhat of a problem. It says that changes do happen to historic houses
and that they need to adapt to contemporary tastes and lifestyles. This
could bring some big problems, because these days people expect to have a
media room, when in Professorville's days the stereopticon was the media
room. To think that you can buy a historic house and then put in a huge
new addition might give the public the wrong idea. The other point was that
this business of moving houses around on the lot. I very much support the
Guidelines on Page 70 and 71 that talk about avoiding moving on the lot,
particularly moving and rotating. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Allen Akin to be followed by Richard Brand.
Welcome.

Allen Akin: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I'm somewhat at a loss
since there are clearly changes in the wind that we haven't had a chance to
see. I'm going to depart from what I had prepared for some of these
comments. I have not supported these particular Guidelines. There have
been a number of reason for that as you well know. Perhaps the one that
concerns me the most is that we really have no principled way to determine
whether a house even belongs in the District. We've known since the Dames
and Moore report of 1999 at least that the existing definition of Professorville
would be rejected if it were submitted to the National Register today. The
Guidelines that we have before us today are based on surveys of the area
that is currently defined as the District but which is indefensible in the sense
that I've just described. There is an element of risk here in that they put

                                                                         Page 66 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
