                          TRANSCRIPT
about really implementing them. I suggest expanding Program T113.1 to
say investigate a pilot program to substitute taxi, rideshare, expanded local
shuttle services for transit programs. That's one example of emphasizing
that we would actively look at putting in our own local shuttle system. Some
of the local shuttles, by the way, were on demand. I don't know if you're
aware of this. We had a system where you could call up and ask for a bus to
come and take you from your house to a destination. My oldest daughter
was the first one to take that bus. She called and had them pick her up in
front of our house and drive her to Gunn. The bus service only lasted for
about a year; they had problems. One of them was that the bus drivers
union insisted the workers get paid for eight hours a day even though most
of the actual bus service was only for a couple of hours during the morning
and evening rush hours and just a little bit of bus service during the middle
of the day. There was a large period of the time when the bus drivers were
sitting around in their offices just relaxing. The system was uneconomical
on that basis. I think we can do better this year, and I'd like to see us take
a look at having a local shuttle system that actually serves the community.

Mayor Burt: Let's return to the Council for discussion.     I'm sorry.      That's
right. We have one more card, Arthur Keller.

Arthur Keller: Thank you very much for looking at the Transportation
Element. I'm speaking for myself, but some of my comments reflect
experiences being on the CAC. This has been a long and imperfect process.
We've been at this on the CAC for somewhat over a year now, about a year.
I had experiences dealing with the Comp Plan since, I think, about 2008
where it struggled on the Planning Commission. The City Council ignored it
for a period of time. Finally, it's coming to fruition somewhat six or so years
late. The committee is sunsetting at the end of—a lot of people expected
that they would be on the committee until the end of this calendar year. It's
now continued to next year. Some people said they might not be able to
continue. I think that's a concern. I'm also concerned that the comments
that were provided to the Council from the committee seemed to be rather
abbreviated. There were a number of documents that were submitted in
July to the committee by members that were not forwarded to the Council. I
think I forwarded you mine a couple of weeks ago, but a lot of comments
were not forwarded. You did not get our Minutes of our meeting. In some
sense I'm hoping that that will be improved for the November review of the
Land Use Element. I'd like to close with one final comment, and this is
about the schedule. One question I have for the Council to think about is
who is it that chooses among the scenarios and the alternatives, especially
those that will be defined for land use. Is that done prior to the choice of
the PTC reviewing the Comp Plan? Is there a single definitive Comp Plan
with a single set of choices? Is there a FEIR that incorporates those choices
                                                                       Page 100 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
