                         TRANSCRIPT
Your second question about how long it would take, I think we could move—
I think each individual city could move relatively quickly. If we wanted to
develop a Peninsula solution with Redwood City and Mountain View, I think
there'd be an added time that would be required to negotiate something that
...

Vice Mayor Scharff: What's the advantage to that? Why not just put our
own in and then they'll probably follow suit. If they don't, they don't.

Mr. Mello: One of the other strengths of the Social Bicycles, SoBi, system is
it's one smart phone app for all of their systems. When I signed up in
Phoenix for their system, I could have also signed up for the Tampa system
or the Santa Monica system. San Mateo is rolling out a SoBi system, so
they'll have the same app in that case. I think if we were to move in that
direction, I think we could kind of see some cross-pollination and some
integration even if we didn't sit around and wait for a unified system that
was all one brand.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd be concerned with waiting. I'd like to see us move
as quickly as possible and get this done, given the traffic situation in Palo
Alto. This seems a relatively inexpensive way, especially with the large
system, to get this done. I'd be concerned with getting—I mean, I have
doubts that Redwood City is going to really spend the money and move on
this frankly. I think if we get out there first and start doing this, I think
other people then, if they do come online, will follow that. When you look at
these numbers, it seems hard to imagine you'd choose Motivate over SoBi
just given the numbers. It seems to me that that's where we should go on
this. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I guess my understanding is we've basically been
on probation for about a year since they basically told us they weren't going
to fund it anymore. It doesn't sound like we did much in that last year to
really see what we could do. We could have moved the stations, but we
didn't do that. I guess my big question is what's it going to take to be
successful. I guess the numbers did go up a little bit since that time. You
mentioned marketing. Are there other things you think we need to do?

Mr. Mello: I think there's two things that we could do, that we haven't done
to date. The first is to increase our marketing and make this a recognizable
brand that is promoted by the Transportation Management Association
(TMA), by the Research Park Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
folks, the Medical Center, all of our larger employers. One of the most
successful ways to increase bike share usage is to offer corporate
                                                                       Page 11 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/25/16
