                         TRANSCRIPT
could be different streets in the daytime and different in the night time. In
short, also when I walk around I see a lot of help wanted signs. I can't
imagine any of those jobs people could live and work here. Still we don't
want to grow. You have to come up with something very (inaudible) or
magical to have affordable housing or whatever. Thanks.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    John Kelley to be followed by Molly Cornfield.
Welcome.

John Kelley: Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff, Council Members. I forget
when it was, but last fall I came to a meeting here where we were talking
about ADUs. I kind of feel a little bit Ground Hog Day. I think we're back
dealing fundamentally with the same issues. If you remember the people
who spoke that night and if you heard Jessica Clark and others who, I think,
will speak tonight, they've told you very, very clearly there is a problem with
housing in Palo Alto. I think that if you do not put a scenario in the planning
process which clearly addresses the need for more housing in this
community, you're making a mistake and you're doing a disservice to the
community. I would say on this discussion Question One, should the Comp
Plan include a goal or objective reducing the City's ratio of jobs to employed
residents. That's fundamentally the wrong question. You need to have a
goal that says clearly we need to increase housing. We particularly need to
increase housing that is more affordable and that creates diversity. I
personally think that ADUs are a great way to do that. If I understand the
numbers correctly, you have a demographic challenge and you have a policy
opportunity. The demographic challenge is that there are a lot of people my
age who want to stay in their houses. At some point over the next 15 years,
I will probably enter the class of people who are not actively employed. I'd
like to defer that as long as possible. That's going to happen. I'm probably
going to stay in Palo Alto if I can. At the same time, if you build small
housing, ADUs are a perfect way to do it. You're going to provide housing
for people who can't afford larger houses, and you're going to provide
housing for people who are actively employed, who are perhaps my son's
age. The last thing I'd say to you tonight is that in addition to diversity, I
would strongly, strongly, strongly urge you to embrace the principle of
continuity. I think that's essentially what Jessica Clark is talking about.
There are people on my street who are suffering rent increases, and they're
having to move out even though they've lived here for generations. I think
you should take Scenario Four, all the sustainability provisions of that, and
add to it something that will aggressively add housing for Palo Alto. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    Molly Cornfield to be followed by Steve Levy.
Welcome.
                                                                         Page 34 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
