                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I'm at risk of opening a can of worms here. I don't
want to, but I want to go back to this issue of neighborhood protection
versus shared streets that you mentioned and that we discussed a little bit.
That is the issue of whether in 10 years we actually go all the way to zero.
I'm not persuaded that in order to restore neighborhood protection we need
to go all the way to zero. If 10 years from now we sell one permit on my
street, I don't have a problem with that. There were always employee cars
on my street even 24 years ago, just not very many. I wonder about when
do we take up the issue of do we go all the way to zero in 10 years. I don't
think we ought to revisit and fight it out every year. At some point, we
should have that discussion. When do we have that discussion?

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member Filseth. I think that's a great
question. It's important from a governance standpoint for the Council to
understand what this Council has the authority to do and what future
Councils have the authority to do. This is a Legislative Item. As someone
pointed out, there's an election this fall. There certainly will be some
changes on the Council, some number of two, three, four. With or without
personnel changes on the Council, the Council is a legislative body that
always retains the ability to legislate and amend ordinances. You can
certainly express your intention tonight that your legislative policy that
you're setting will go forward over a period of time, but there is not a
binding way that this Council by ordinance can prevent a future Council from
readdressing the issue.

Council Member Filseth: And rightly not. We could express some kind of
intent to provide some guidance for sort of how we felt about it. I don't
know if this is a good idea or not, but suppose for the sake of argument we
said, "When we get out seven years or right years, and now we've gone 200
a year, so now we're down to 600 or 400 spaces or something like, let's take
a look again at it and decide whether we want to go all the way to zero." Is
that the kind of thing that you mean when we talk about guidance?

Ms. Stump: You certainly could do that. I think what you're thinking about
is that there's a period of time at which it would make sense. However, I
would point out to the Council that there are business cycles, there are
changes that are hard to foresee as we sit here today. It may be that the
Council decides in two years or in three years or four years that really it's
important to look at the program again.

Council Member Filseth: Anybody else have any thoughts on this? I'd love
to hear other ...



                                                                       Page 63 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/23/16
