                         TRANSCRIPT
like a lot of people talk about optimizing San Francisco; I really like you
doing the west side of San Francisco. I think that's awesome. The East Bay.
I don't hear about programs from the south where we see most of the
traffic, most of the single occupancy trips.

Ms. Jarvis: We look at the South Bay strategy. The Eco Pass was a first
step in that. We do have the four express buses, so we want to get focus on
those. The carpooling is also a really good option for the South Bay
commuters. A lot of them do have access to a carpool lane at least part of
their way. We're certainly open to other strategies. One of the challenges
with South Bay is if you remember that heat map that I showed you, we
have a lot of people in San Jose, but it's blue because they're spread out.
When you look up to the city, you see a little higher density. That's one of
the challenges we need to look for. The buses, carpools are an option. We'll
certainly look at filling other gaps that make sense.

Council Member DuBois: I really appreciate that. I'd put my vote in for
trying a bus though, just to see if you can pull it off. Thanks.

Ms. Jarvis: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you all for coming, and congratulations on
how far you've come to this point. Several questions. Is it Ms. Santiago?
Talked about the time and said essentially please give us time to make this
work, let us see how it works. Is it too early to ask you if there are any
results at this point? Do you have any results on any one of the programs?

Ms. Jarvis: The majority of our programs have launched between January
and now, so it is a little early to provide results on those. The survey that
we do in April is going to give us a lot of good data. At that point, I think
we'll be more prepared for that.

Council Member Kniss: Do you do anything with, as they sometimes do in
other companies in other countries, with days off? Four days on, one off or
three or something. Is that part of your program?

Ms. Jarvis: We do have individual employers who have compressed work
weeks, four 10s, nine 80s. We also have very active telecommuting among
the companies. That's coordinated on a company-by-company basis right
now.

Council Member Kniss: The same with starting times and ending times? I
too see all that traffic that comes in on Highway 280 in the morning. I've
                                                                       Page 20 of 99
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/14/16
