                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: We will now hear from members of the public. I have two
speaker cards. Herb Borock to be followed by Phyllis Cassel. If anyone else
wishes to speak, please bring your card forward at this time.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt. Council Members. Stanford's general
use permit defines the level of noticing required for projects depending upon
their level of environmental review. In this project, their noticing involved is
notifying City Staff. The noticing requirements don't define how Palo Alto
reviews an application such as this. I believe it's appropriate for the City
Council, based upon a recommendation of its Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC), to make a response to the application to the County
Planning Commission. Staff has essentially decided since they're the ones
who are receiving the notice, they determine whether they're going to notify
Council at all. For example, last year they didn't place on either the
Council's Agenda or the Planning and Transportation Commission Agenda the
fact that Stanford wanted to remove and change the housing designation
near the hospital, so they would no longer be for residents and instead be
for other students. This year, essentially Staff has said they're going to be
writing the letter, and they want to have Study Sessions with these two
legislative bodies rather than doing what I believe would be the proper thing
to do, to place it on a timely basis on the Commission's Agenda and the
Council's Agenda as a decision-making action by the Council as to what to
say. In regard to the project's effect on Palo Alto, you heard recently from
the residents of Evergreen Park or their request for a Residential Parking
Permit Program because of cars coming from Stanford and parking the
neighborhood rather than paying permit fees. That's one thing that the
Council can do in response to this. Another as Vice Mayor Scharff has said is
to begin those discussions of how many of these units we should get credit
for. Two thousand units, that covers our entire regional housing allocation
for the current period. I believe that some kind of condition to the approval
to get those discussions going with the County. Finally, this is some housing
that's being done for the current use permit and the current entitlement for
academic floor area. Stanford tends to do things piecemeal. They may
think that if they do this housing now, then the next time there's a use
permit, they get credit for the academic buildings. It should be clear in the
Council's comments that this has nothing to do with a future increase in their
academic square footage entitlement. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Phyllis Cassel. Welcome.

Phyllis Cassel, League of Women Voters: thank you, Mayor Burt and Council
Members. I'm speaking for the League of Women Voters for Ellen Forbes,

                                                                         Page 42 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
