                          TRANSCRIPT
and Mountain View elect to move forward with the SoBi system as well. The
proposal before you tonight is to move forward with a 350-bike, GPS-
enabled smart bike system. There would likely be roughly 35 stations, so 10
bicycles per station. These aren't the traditional stations that you see today.
These are just hubs where the bikes would be docked or parked. Phase 2 of
the system, we would recommend an additional 350 bicycles. We applied
for funding from MTC to cover the capital costs. I believe it's 83 percent of
the capital costs if we receive the MTC grant. That would be in 2018. We
would roll out Phase 1 in 2017 and then Phase 2 in 2018. We also would
strongly encourage participation by private entities including Facebook,
Stanford Research Park, Stanford University, the Medical Center, Google and
other employers. You were given an at-places memo which includes letters
of support from many of these entities. We have continued to keep them in
the loop as we've negotiated this term sheet with Motivate. A lot of these
entities are interested in participating in our sub-regional Peninsula system.
Just to bring you back up to speed on the SoBi equipment. We talked a little
bit about this back in April. SoBi equipment is different from what we
currently have in operation because the computing system is actually on the
bicycle itself. It's not in the dock. This enables you to greatly save on
capital costs. The bikes are a lot less expensive than the smart dock
system. They're also a lot more flexible. If the hub is full, you can actually
lock it to an adjacent bike rack, and you can lock it up while you're traveling
and visiting a coffee shop or grocery shopping to a regular bicycle rack.
They also have GPS tracking technology which allows you—I'll show you a
little bit later in the presentation—to collect quite a bit of data on the
ridership, trip length, destinations, type of trips by type of membership, and
a whole host of other great data points. The system's flexible. With the
traditional smart dock system, you have to actually dock the bike in a fixed
station, and that's the only place you can leave the bike for it to be
considered returned. SoBi's a little bit different. You can dock the bike at a
hub, which is shown in the photograph here. If that hub is full, you can dock
it to an adjacent bike rack. If you don't want to dock it at a hub and you're
in a hurry and you want to just lock it up in front of your place of
employment or wherever you're having a meeting, you can do that as well.
What would happen then is you would be charged a $3 out-of-hub fee. The
next person that comes along would be able to locate that bike with their
smart phone app in front of your place of employment or your meeting
location. They could grab that bike just like they could at a hub. They
would receive $1 credit if they return that bike to a hub. It's kind of a self-
balancing; they use financial incentives to encourage people to return the
bikes to the hubs. You still have the flexibility to leave it somewhere outside
of a hub if you want. You can also create virtual hubs. This is a map of the
downtown Phoenix SoBi system. You don't have to just have one corner of
an intersection designated as your hub. You could designate an entire
                                                                        Page 75 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
