                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: You said, Phil, that were going to have to go
through a process of analysis once you have the data, thinking through fees
and rules and Codes. I guess having it in three months rather than six
months allows Council to respond to the data.

Mayor Burt: He just said he wouldn't have the data. It would be mid-
season in the pumping in three months. The season of pumping wouldn't be
closed.

Council Member Schmid: Right, but we saw some data tonight, and we'd
have more in three months. The numbers were so astounding.

Mayor Burt: I guess the maker is sticking with the three months. Is that
acceptable?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, it's not. I would suggest we do it in December, and
I would be fine if return an informational in December ...

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “return in three (3) months with an
Informational Report on point source data.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: I will make that Motion.

Council Member Kniss: As the actual maker of the Motion, I would support 6
months.

Mayor Burt: I will offer that as a Motion.   What's on the screen with the
change that it would be within six months.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's accepted. I accept it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “return within six (6)
months with an Informational Report on point source data.” (New Part D)

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman. Sorry.

Council Member Schmid: I had a second time issue. We are completing the
2005 storm drain. You mention that one of the items is still under way. As I
recall, there were three main projects that were part of that, the San
Francisquito pump station, the Lincoln-Channing pipeline, and the Matadero
pump station. The Lincoln-Channing and the San Francisquito were more
complicated than we first thought. The overages on that were substantial.
                                                                      Page 26 of 98
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/27/16
