                          TRANSCRIPT
with some indication of where we've made improvements, where we've
gotten efficiencies. I don't know why the one that comes to mind is what
we're going to be gaining by charging a percentage for our subcontracting
services, which we haven't done before, some improvements along the lines
of cost recovery plus. Thanks.

Mr. Keene: Before Lalo jumps in, we will do our best. I would respectfully
just say also that we're hardly going to have any OMB Staff at the Finance
Committee meetings. If the Council would just keep that in mind, that we're
down whatever it is, 50 percent of the Staff. We're going to have to triage
in the Finance Committee too to be sure we're working on what's most
important. If we can do these other things, we will.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. Thanks for the excellent presentation. First of
all, in general I think I agree with the City Manager's approach to this
budget. I agree that next year it has to be a sustainable budget. I think
Council Member DuBois was correct, but the big part he left out was the
possibility of the new hotel revenue, which is the most likely realistic source
as opposed to finding efficiencies somewhere. I'm thinking maybe you could
look at that and get a sense of what that would look like in different,
reasonable and how that would basically give us confidence that there
should be enough revenue plus what we'd normally expect to see if we have
sales tax increase. Also, our property taxes usually go up. This year they
went up—what? Eight percent. What did they go up the year before, do you
know?

Mr. Perez: Let us look it up. Tarun has it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What I'm saying is that it doesn't really matter that
much. It's more maybe you could give a sense so people get comfortable
that this approach is a stop-gap measure for this year. Next year, given
where that's going to be, this should play itself out and work out barring
having a sudden recession or something like that. My gut sense tells me
that it would actually work out, and it will make this work for a sustainable
budget for next year, which then gives me comfort for your approach for this
year. How many Public Works people are you hiring? Was it ...

Mr. Perez: Four.

Mr. Keene: I think there's some shedding of some part-time people in the
mix. Obviously (crosstalk) cost ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: What are they going to do—what are the positions?
                                                                         Page 48 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
