                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: We could certainly ask the applicant's TDM designer to
answer that question.     When Vice Mayor Scharff had his back-of-the-
envelope out, we calculated about 20 percent reduction from the 600-plus
trips. That wouldn't be an unsurprising result ...

Mayor Burt: Are the 600 trips the total trips or the net increase?

Ms. Gitelman: That's peak.

Mayor Burt: Net increase or total?

Ms. Gitelman: It's total. I should amplify what ...

Mayor Burt: Hillary, I think it's total, not net increase.

Ms. Gitelman: They're going to get the answer to you.

Mayor Burt: 20 percent of the total is around the 600.

Ms. Gerhardt: The 663 is the net project trips over the entire day; 81 trips
would be the P.M. peak increase.

Mayor Burt: When you say net, that's the net increase?

Ms. Gerhardt: Correct.

Mayor Burt: Here's what I'm trying to focus on. You have 3,000-and-
change total trips from the project. Correct? 20 percent reduction from the
TDM is not 20 percent of 600. It's 20 percent of 3,000. Correct? How does
that track to the net increase of trips? It sounds like it's real close. That's
what matters on this. We're looking at a project, and it's about impacts.

Ms. Gerhardt: The total proposed trips would be 3,144; 20 percent of that is
629, which is very close to the 663 new trips.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. That matters a bunch. I want to ask about the
landscaping. There's talk about it being sustainable. I was looking through
the plant list, and it didn't appear that these are predominantly native
landscape. I saw some of the pictures. It looks like there's turf there. Do
you know what this landscaping really—other than being in general
apparently a low-water landscape, is it actually natural habitat that we're
going to create, which is not yet in our Code but very much a direction that
we've been talking? Council Member Holman and I have expressed this, and
it's going to be part of our Comp Plan discussion, but it's not yet adopted.
Does the applicant have that information? If so, please go ahead.

                                                                         Page 72 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
