                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene:      That doesn't mean that there can't be some expedited
approaches within that. As far as dramatically reframing the Ordinance, I
think the City Attorney would say we may have to bring back some
ordinance changes to actually do that. I would just say we want to be
thoughtful about that, because I know a lot of the Council has talked a lot
about let's establish rules, let's follow the rules. We kind of say those
things, and then we at least then need to follow the process to change the
rules a little bit if that's we're going to do. That doesn't mean there isn't
some latitude within there.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll speak to it, then I'll help him write the Motion. I
actually appreciated everyone from the neighborhood coming out. I thought
that was great; that's the way it's supposed to be. I thought you all did a
really good job of talking about the urgency of Evergreen frankly. I want to
impress that the Motion—I will probably put something in there just a little
that as soon as possible. I want this to be expedited, and I want it to
happen quickly and all of that. At the same time, I do think we need to go
through the stakeholder process, and we do need to include the merchants
in the stakeholder process. With that, I'll let Mr. Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you for the Motion. I also want to thank all
the residents from the community. I know we still have a couple left, but a
lot of folks have gone home. I know it's disappointing to people who wanted
an immediate annexation into College Terrace. If I lived in Evergreen, I'd be
advocating for the same thing. Unfortunately, it's my job and it's our job to
weigh all of the different neighborhoods in the area, weigh the residential
needs, the retail needs and try to come up with a solution that provides
immediate relief, which I think this will, but also doesn't create a crisis either
for the retail workers on California Avenue or for the other neighborhoods
around there. There also needs to be some amount of equity across the
City. We've established a Residential Permit Parking program in Downtown
for people that had never had parking intrusion at all. Now they have a
Residential Permit Parking plan that does allow for some small amount of
worker permits on their blocks. We will decrease those as we move on, and
we will shrink the geographic area as we move on. I just don't know how
we would pass one system around the Downtown area and pass a totally
different system around the California Avenue area.              This hopefully
addresses at least some of the residents' concerns. This plus the additional
supply that we'll create over the next couple of years will begin to
dramatically increase the quality of life in the Evergreen and Southgate
neighborhoods. I agree with the Crescent Park annexation into Downtown if
they're willing. I agree that we need to figure out better what the deal is
around Edgewood Plaza, if that's just an overnight parking thing. To Council
Member DuBois' point, once that grocery store is fully occupied, it's going to
                                                                         Page 106 of 124
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/9/16
