                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Nose: Two of them are Senior Engineers, and those are the ones for the
Regional Water Control Plant and the recycled water program.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That will deal with the improvements we're doing. Will
that also help with the improvements and manage the improvements to the
Water Quality Plant or not?

Ms. Nose: Correct.

Mr. Keene: We both have the overall planning for the investment design
and the retiring ultimately of the incinerator and all that stuff. Then we have
the very specific acceleration on the reclaimed/recycled water, even
ultimately purified water, discussion to be sure we've got enough staffing to
help support that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's two of the people?

Mr. Keene: That's two of them. There's one in refuse and ...

Ms. Nose: One of them is a Management Analyst. With Public Works, the
multiple divisions, each division has a Management Analyst that helps them
with all their analytics and what not.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That person goes to refuse or not?

Ms. Nose: This person is—yes, for refuse and wastewater treatment. They'll
help with both of them, with the oversight of the administrative side of
things, hiring, budget, contracts, all of that. The last position is street
maintenance assistance to help with the post-closure maintenance of the
landfill.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I look at this Capital Improvement Fund, and we are
doing so much capital improvements next year. $10 million for the Golf
Course. We're starting the Public Safety Building. If you just go through it,
you see it. There's multiple line items where we're over one million dollars,
1.4 million, 1.5 million and some really big items including some for
Rinconada Park improvements and stuff, three million dollars My concern is
that we don't actually have the Staff to do that. I actually think if that's
true, you should look at putting more Staff there. I don't want us to get to
the end of the year, and you've done a third or a half of what you said you
were going to do. I guess I want assurance that—I don't know where Jim
went. I want assurance from Jim. Jim. Now we can talk about cutting the
City Manager's salary to pay for that. Is that the right time?



                                                                         Page 49 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
