                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Given that this is an accessory structure, there's a—I'm wondering
if the garage could be even zero on the PL.

Mayor Burt: If it was not an accessory structure, what would the setback
requirement be?

Mr. Petersen: Six feet.

Mayor Burt: That's the shortest. The others look like—are they 6 feet?

Mr. Petersen: This is 6 feet on either side. Six feet here, basically along the
rear of the garage and along the side here.

Mr. Lait: If I may, Mayor, I want to clarify. The setback for the principle
structure is 20 feet at the rear, for the rear yard. It is 6 feet at an interior
side yard. We consider that property line that is parallel to the California
Avenue property line to be the rear. The one that is perpendicular to it
would be the side.

Mayor Burt: We can consider what we want. Basically those are real short
setbacks. If we're allowing a configuration and a lot size that exceeds our
standard lot size, and then we have these structures that are abutting
neighbors' fences and that they've voiced concerns about, I don't see any
necessity to grant such a short setback in order to give the property owner
still the prerogative to build those structures. I would propose that we
increase the setbacks to 8 feet on all sides up there. Leave that up to the
maker and the seconder as to whether they accept that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: May I ask the applicant how they feel about that?

Mayor Burt: Okay. My Motion won't be dependent on that, but go ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I understand.

Mr. Xiong: To answer to Council Member Burt's setback, I believe as Staff is
showing this site, the property line is the three sides according to the Zoning
Code. The real property line is the one parallel to North California …

Mayor Burt: If I can just focus the question. The question is your response
to my proposed amendment that there be an 8-foot setback on all three
sides of the garage and the accessory structure.

Mr. Xiong: So far one side is already 8 feet on the nearest side. The other
sides are 6 and 3, 10 feet. We're already exceeded the minimum.


                                                                          Page 33 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/14/16
