                          TRANSCRIPT
that you have been very supportive of ensuring that there have been AEDs
in all of our patrol cars. I sincerely appreciate that. This is a great night for
us, because we're talking about the collaboration and terrific outcomes from
our citizen rescuers, our dispatchers, our Police Officers, our Firefighters and
also our partners over at Stanford Emergency Room. The second incident or
event occurred on Easter Sunday, March 26, 2016. The patient, Dr. Andrew
Milne, experienced a cardiac arrest in his residence. The patient's 12-year-
old daughter, Abigail, recognized her father was in distress and that his
breathing was not correct. She alerted the mother who was in one of the
bedrooms. Mrs. Milne called 911 and spoke to one of our 911 dispatchers.
Abigail then went and summoned a couple of the neighbors to assist.
Neighbors Amanda and John Tumminaro and Kris and Liz Kristofferson
rushed to the house and provided assistance. Amanda instructed Kris how
to do CPR compressions. Palo Alto Fire Department engine company was
detailed and arrived. Abigail guided them in the house. Sergeant Benitez of
the Palo Alto Police Department arrived and assisted with CPR as the
Paramedics prepared the AED. Palo Alto Fire Department rendered aid, used
the AED and then transported Mr. Milne to the hospital. Officer Melgar and
Officer Miceli responded and assisted the family. Unfortunately our friends,
the neighbors, the Tumminaros and the Kristoffersons couldn't be here
tonight. We are fortunate that the Milne family is. I'm going to ask them to
come on up here if they could. Dr. Milne is going to speak for a quick
second. First, I'm going to introduce the responders. First we have
Sergeant Adrienne Moore who was working dispatch that night. Our two
other dispatchers, I don't believe are here tonight, Joe Luttrell and Sean
Smith. We have Sergeant Wayne Benitez, who was first on scene. I should
mention that Sergeant Benitez is the project manager for the AED program
for the Police Department. He's the reason that we've been able to maintain
and train our Staff. It's very appropriate that he's recognized tonight. Also
present that night was Officer Cecilia Melgar and Officer Matthew Hubbard.
Fire personnel included Jesse Wooton, Joe Penko, John Preston, Captain
Mike Cameron and Brent White. Thank you for your attention. I'm going to
ask Dr. Milne to make a couple of comments, just talk about his experience.

Dr. Andrew Milne: I hope you'll forgive me for reading. I'm not sure I'd get
through this otherwise. There's a sound the body makes when it's in cardiac
arrest. By the time you hear it, the blood is no longer circulating, bodily
functions have started shutting down and brain damage is only a few
minutes away. Most of us have never heard this sound and probably
wouldn't recognize it. To some people in this room, the sounds are all too
familiar. On March 26, the night before Easter Sunday, my daughter Abigail
was in her bedroom when she heard this sound. At first she thought it was
just Dad snoring on the couch again, but she was really hearing the breath
of my body escaping and flapping my lips. When Abigail couldn't wake me,
                                                                           Page 3 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
