                          TRANSCRIPT
to overturn the Director's decision. The subject property has three front
yard setbacks. One is the standard 20-foot setback that applies. On some
properties there is a special setback of 24 feet that also applies. In
instances where there the properties on a block have an average setback
greater than 30 feet, there is a contextual setback that is also applicable. In
this case, it's approximately 37 feet. Here's a diagram from the applicant's
presentation materials to the Planning and Transportation Commission. The
subject property, I'll show the cursor on the screen, is this one here. The
way the contextual setback requirement works. If you have three or fewer
qualifying properties in a block, the contextual setback requirements do not
apply. If you have four qualifying properties on the block, it does apply, and
you average those four properties together. If you have five or more
qualifying properties on a block, you get to throw out the two outliers, the
shortest setback and the largest setback. You don't get to, you do. As part
of calculating the contextual setback, we throw out the two outlier, the high
and the low. Three qualifying properties, the contextual doesn't apply. Four
qualifying properties, it does apply. Five or more, you throw out the two
outliers that the greatest and the least setbacks. In this particular case,
there are four qualifying properties, because we throw out the two corner
properties, leaving the four parcels that you see there. The property at 236
Churchill has an approximate 70-foot setback. That would be this property
here roughly. This is a portion of the applicant's proposed plan showing the
five foot encroachment into the contextual setback. The Director as well as
the Planning and Transportation Commission in their consideration of the
variance request and the City Council on appeal now, there are four findings
that need to be evaluated and answered in the affirmative in order to
approve the variance. The first one having to do with special circumstances
applicable to the property that would deprive the property owner of some
privileges enjoyed by other properties in the vicinity. The variance does not
constitute a grant of special privileges.          It is consistent with the
Comprehensive Plan. It will not be detrimental or injurious to the property
improvements in the vicinity. The Director was unable to support the first
finding but does not find that the variance itself is necessarily detrimental to
the property or other properties in the area. This really became a question
of process as opposed to the substance. The variance has these findings
and a certain standard that needs to be met. Staff believes that a more
proper course of action would have been to process a text amendment if, in
fact, we wanted to consider why are we treating properties of three or fewer
different than four or different than five or more. The Planning Commission
considered the request and, as I said, had a different perspective. They
thought that the adjacent property with the approximate 70-foot setback
was an outlier, and it should have been not considered in the averaging
setback and that other aspects of the project were consistent with the
Comprehensive Plan. Some had articulated that the increased setback
                                                                          Page 25 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
