                          TRANSCRIPT
number. Is there something in our budgeting process where we're trying to
get that number down and be more accurate about what we're actually
going to spend in a year?

Mr. Keene: I think that I'd rather ask that this be a continuing question you
ask us to look at during the course of this year. Going to Lalo's point, I
think we're really into maybe the third year of this reappropriation process in
this way. A little bit of our revising the adjustments to not draw on the BSR.
We're a little bit informed by this thinking to really say, "Are these projects
really shovel-ready for 2017. No, let's push them off." I think there's a
combination of potentially more rigor as we go forward. The second thing,
there are a lot of other variables that play into stuff. A lot of it sometimes
will just do with the contracting situation, what happens on the response to
bids. There are a lot of other players that can also slow down the spending
process. I think it's a legitimate concern to say how could we get as close to
100 percent as possible accuracy. That does mean a lot, because otherwise
we are appropriating unnecessarily funds that could either just sit in the
reserve or be used for something else.

Council Member DuBois: Basically Scenario B was saved because we had a
bunch of projects that weren't shovel ready. We said we'll push them out.

Mr. Perez: For example, the golf course, no permit, $10.5 million right there
that we have to keep moving over. We'll get better at the explaining more.

Council Member DuBois: Do we have any idea what the reappropriation is
likely to be in 2018? Do you really think everything in here will be spent?

Mr. Perez: Part of it is capacity. That's why we moved a couple of the
projects. It's something that we're refining as we're talking about it. Also,
emphasizing the focus on the big picture, on the $128 million plan, that that
takes priority. Sometimes that might impact other projects.

Mr. Keene: I would think, though, both at Finance and in the process of,
say, the midyear review, we ought to take a close look at it even midyear to
see where we're trending. Do you know what I mean? We have some
discussion right now about what the FY '15-'16 carryover was, what we're
anticipating. I think it's just a matter of us really tracking it and thinking
about ways to make adjustments. The fact is we could make adjustments at
the midyear also.

Council Member DuBois: A question about the Post Office. Why wasn't
there anything in the budget for the Post Office, even just a placeholder?


                                                                            Page 41 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
