                         TRANSCRIPT
so many people in the community turn out to support the donkeys and that
community project.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think it was the first memorial I've ever been to
where they served Rick's Rather Rich Ice Cream. It was a good event.

Mayor Burt: It's the only memorial service I've ever been to where they
began by saying, "Let us bray." It wasn't my line; they actually said it. I
did want to report on one thing and then offer a comment. I last week was
asked to speak on Palo Alto's Smart City initiatives at the Global Internet
conference in Wuzhen, China. A main reason that I bring it up is that with
where we now stand potentially on the national level on climate change
initiatives, in the United States at least, in some ways we may be returning
to where we were before the Paris accords, where the initiatives of local,
regional and State governments become what the United States
predominantly will be able to do in climate change. Our practices and what
is being done on our Staff, which I think is the whole understanding of what
a Smart City movement is about and how it relates to sustainability and
climate change, is not really well understood. I think it's something that
we'll want to share more with the community, not just what we're doing but
why it matters to them and why it matters more broadly. The second thing
that I just wanted to share is that one of our priorities for this year was
housing. One of the areas of housing that we, I believe, touched on at our
Retreat but have not gone any further in discussing, in large part because of
just how full our Staff's plate has been, is around the displacement and
severe impact on renters in our community. We are seeing that a number of
surrounding communities are taking initiatives of different sorts to try to
provide renter protection. We certainly are not going to have an opportunity
this year to take that up. I won't be on the Council next year. My
colleagues here and the incoming Council Members will have such an
opportunity. I would suggest at the upcoming Retreat Council Members add
this as a significant item, without attempting to suggest what the particular
actions might be, but that it is an item of critical importance to our
community. We see many longtime residents who are being pushed out.
We need to look at what we can and should do to address that. That's my
spiel. On that note, meeting's adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 9:35 P.M.




                                                                        Page 64 of 64
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/21/16
