                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Mercedes.

Ms. Gitelman: ... Mercedes and others will help address some of the issues.
I think we're going to continue to hear some complaints from folks out there,
that someday we're going to have to take a harder look at.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I just wanted to reiterate some of the
points that have been made. The Planning Department is under pressure
and has a wide spectrum of things. What I heard is that there were some
things that you mentioned were yellow, but they were moving along well.
Included the IR program, the Eichler design, the Professorville Guidelines
and the Caltrain Program Manager for the grade separation. All of those,
you were assuring us, are moving ahead. I just wanted to make sure that
was ...

Ms. Gitelman: That is true. They're yellow for a variety of reasons. The
grade separation, as I mentioned, is because we're trying to retain a Project
Manager or Program Manager for that. The Eichler project is yellow because
we still need the budgeted resources to do that and bring a consultant on
board, which will be a procurement effort. The IR project is wrapping up.
The Professorville Guidelines are wrapping up. Those have taken longer
than we thought, frankly, but I think they'll be done very shortly.

Council Member Schmid: I just wanted to confirm that. We haven't talked
at all about the Comp Plan Update, the transportation analysis on CEQA and
the TMA survey reviews. I just want to make the point that those are
critical. We want to make sure we do the things that are most important.

Mayor Burt: Other Community Environment items?           Anything?      Council
Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:       I'm sorry if I missed it during the earlier
discussion. Item 41—there was at least some allusion to it before—that is
shuttle expansion. My understanding is that is coming to Council pretty
soon anyway for discussion. There's no real benefit to putting that in the
parking lot, because we're going to be talking about it in the next few
weeks, I think, before break. Correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That is not coming to you before the break. We're going to
bring it to you sometime in the fall. What's happened to us is VTA has put
out their proposal and the options that would substantially truncate their
service. We're having to step back and reassess a little bit. My hope is that
we can still bring this to you sometime in the fall.
                                                                      Page 76 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
