                          TRANSCRIPT
residential-one zone and not adhere to rules. That just seems wrong to me.
We expect single families to adhere to rules. Why aren't we making
developers adhere to rules without exception?

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Kaposhilin: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Beatrix Cashmore. Welcome. That's our
final speaker.

Beatrix Cashmore: Hi. Thank you for hearing me. I'm an over-the-fence
neighbor to this project.       My concerns are safety and environmental.
Primarily, first of all, the three structures that have been proposed are all
going to have full basements. All these basements are going to need to be
dewatered, to use the right term. I presume they will all be dewatered
simultaneously. I don't know if that's been done in Palo Alto. We certainly
have a lot of dewatering going on. Three within 100 feet of each other on
basically the same property is a concern for the ground water. It's a
concern for our proximity. We're a little over a mile from the Bay in this part
of Triple El. I'm concerned that dumping that much water, which I think has
been underestimated from the documents that I looked at on the City's site.
It usually said something like this could be a few million gallons. Within
about 500 yards of our property is 181 Heather Lane, across Embarcadero,
which is being dewater or perhaps it's completed by now. A couple of weeks
ago, since it was being metered, we came up with a total of over 70 million
gallons were pumped out for a single basement. If we're going to be doing
three in Triple El, where we have ground water at 7 feet below surface and
we are actually ourselves at 8 feet elevation, we are talking about possibly
dewatering 200-225 million gallons of water. That's an environmental
concern for me. It's also a safety concern. I would like to ask that the City
consider monitoring very closely as construction begins what is happening
and also looking very closely at whether or not we have ground settling in
our immediate area, and that that be carefully looked at, monitored. I'm
concerned about the environmental aspect of dumping that much water. I
spoke with the senior hydrogeologist at Santa Clara Valley Water District at
great length, who explained to me that this water is our bank account to
sustain us during drought conditions. I think we've just had one, and we're
still in it. I don't know anybody who lives in Palo Alto who hasn't been really
worried about their use of water. This seems like a real contradiction in
terms to allow this much of our banked water to be disposed of. I realize
that I'm out of time. I would ask you to consider this plus the effect on our
developed trees, of which we have some that are over 100 feet. We have
many large, aged trees. How is this going to affect them?

                                                                         Page 24 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
