                          TRANSCRIPT
project, and that serves 30-60 percent of the area median income, so we get
to serve a variety of income levels which is really critical. Both onsite units
are important that are inclusive, but 100-percent affordable projects are
really important as well.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can just interject, Council Member Wolbach. As you
know from your work on the Finance Committee, this is a really complex
Ordinance. It's taken a lot longer than we'd hoped at the Planning and
Transportation Commission, but we hope with one more discussion they'll be
forwarding a recommendation to the Council. I'm hoping that the Council
can reserve their debate and discussion on this topic until that time.

Council Member Wolbach: I just think it's important to hear what we just
heard. When it does come forward to Council, we have another window now
and another perspective that I don't think we fully appreciated on the
Finance Committee.       It's also important for consideration when other
proposals, say from a market-rate developer, come forward, and we've been
concerned, including myself, very concerned when somebody comes forward
and says, "We've got a project that's all market rate, and we're going to pay
the in-lieu fee to pay for the affordable housing fund." I've been skeptical
and I've been critical of that. What I've been hearing from nonprofit
affordable housing developers like yourselves is that sometimes that's
actually a good thing, because that's where we get the money for you to do
your projects, which serve again a very different community. Going back to
where you started, we do have two different markets. There's the 60-120
range and then there's the 30-60 and below AMI range. Both do need to be
served. These conversations have really opened my eyes to what we might
have been missing in the past, what I myself was not cognizant of in those
past discussions. I appreciate having that conversation. I appreciate you
clarifying that tonight. I think that's extremely important. Just as a point of
reference, given the controversy and some of the accusations that have
been laid at the feet of Palo Alto Housing over the last couple of years, I do
think it's important to remember the history. Like Palo Alto Community
Child Care, like Avenidas, you are a product of Palo Alto. We created Palo
Alto Housing, correct?

Ms. Gonzalez: Some community leaders including City Council Members
created Palo Alto Housing.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. You provide a very, very important
service for the community in helping to maintain—helping us with an issue
we struggle with a lot, which is how to maintain some modicum of
affordability and some modicum of economic diversity in our community.
That provides a number of benefits, not just to those who have the

                                                                        Page 18 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
