                          TRANSCRIPT
look at the most successful sharing systems are in Swiss and German cities.
They made one very simple change. Parking is bundled into the car share
per mile. If I drive a shared vehicle in Munich, I can pick up the closest one
that I find based on my app. I drive it one way, and I can park it in any
legal parking space without having to worry about parking fees. The next
guy can pick it up from that parking space, drive it somewhere else, and
park it in any legal parking space. It doesn't mean giving up the City
revenue. The operator for the car system is paying for these cars to be
parked on the City and is paying a lump sum essentially. The user is being
charged on an all-in per mile basis. We're not talking about sacrificing
revenue. We're just talking about making it super convenient to share cars
and not have to worry about parking spaces. That's something we could
immediately start here. I want to show you how that unfolds in the rest of
the system. Remember it's $1 all-in out of my pocket to drive, and it's $1 as
a taxpayer for the infrastructure. How do we get to this nine cents a mile?
Let's deploy all these technologies at once. I'm fast forwarding here a
couple of years obviously, because not all of these are in broad penetration
yet. Autonomy, Google car, reduces all the human-caused accidents, all the
inattention, the errors, the breaking the traffic laws, 90 percent reduction in
accidents. My connected car allows me to route around traffic. Anybody
who uses Waze gets some of this benefit today. The intermodal apps. allow
me to integrate my car with transit and book a parking space or convert
from a two-wheeler that I rent to Caltrain. Going electric takes me from
that one percent efficiency or about 15 percent efficiency for the whole
system to somewhere around 70-80 percent efficiency, because batteries
and electric motors are more efficient. Now I save most of my fuel. The
single biggest lever is the sharing, four percent utilization today. If you look
at Hertz or Enterprise or any good rental car fleet, they're about 60 percent
utilization. That's a 15-fold increase, which if you flip that around and say
now the car costs 1/15th as much to really drive per mile. Where it gets
really exciting is I start putting these together. If I do it all at once,
something I call Autonomous, Connected, Electrified and Shared (ACES),
autonomous connected electrified and shared, that's really the ace. If I have
connected and autonomous, I can suddenly change the space in between the
cars. The reason our freeways have so little capacity is because I need eight
or nine car lengths for humans to drive safely. There's a company up in
Redwood Shores called Peloton that's already doing this for trucks, driving
them a couple of feet apart from each other. They're linked electronically;
they stay in sync between the trucks.           We could do the same with
autonomous vehicles. Just to give you why is this shocking in terms of
planning, every road gets an eight-fold increase in capacity. Four-lane 101
turns into a 32-lane superhighway in terms of today's capacity. It matters
because when this happens, we'll never build another road; we'll just
increase capacity on existing roads. Obviously not going to happen this year
                                                                         Page 29 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
