                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Aiken: There are also classrooms there for—it's not free access, but it's
controlled access.

Council Member Schmid: I guess a question has already been brought up on
the impact of the fee. It would be a shame to discourage people from
dropping in, but maybe those are the people who would become members
and get a lower per-use fee. Just a question for Rob. We have a voluntary
contribution up at Foothill Park. Do you have any idea what the average
per-visitor contribution works out to?

Mr. de Geus: I would have to get back to you, Council Member Schmid, on
that. I know that it's not yielding nearly as much revenue as we would like.
It's something that we're talking with the rangers about to see how we can
encourage additional gifts.

Council Member Schmid: That might be important, because in a way it
justifies having a fee. I guess you just don't want the fee too high that the
casual visitor says, "Let's do something else." The move to Cubberley, the
expected finish date on the rebuilding is the winter of 2020. That's a year
after the current lease with Cubberley expires. Hopefully by that time, we
will have plans on refurbishing. Is there a potential problem that we might
run into?

Mr. de Geus: I think the hope is actually that we would be done by the end
of calendar year 2019, being the winter of '19-'20, a year earlier than what
you just mentioned.

Council Member Schmid: The Cubberley lease ends …

Mr. de Geus: The Cubberley lease ends at that time, in December of 2019.
That's something that we'll need to watch closely as we develop plans for
the future of Cubberley and the master planning of Cubberley and what
might happen there and at what time. That needs to be coordinated
potentially with using some spaces in interim JMZ.

Council Member Schmid: Just to be aware that Mitchell Park took a little
longer than we thought. We wouldn't want a Cubberley development to be
caught up in something. The division of expenses is that the City will bear
the cost of any parking lot change. Is that how it's worked out?

Mr. de Geus: That's something that we're in discussion with the Friends of
the Junior Museum and Zoo as they continue to fine tune the budget for
building the Zoo and the new exhibit building. We are currently carrying—
they are carrying some money to support the parking lot remodel. Again, as

                                                                        Page 16 of 64
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/21/16
