                          TRANSCRIPT
Tier 2, then they're getting compensated for the next amount of energy they
use at that rate. Then in the Tier 3, they're compensated at a little over 17
cents per kilowatt hour. Even if someone who's in a Tier 3, though, they use
300 kilowatt hours of Tier 1 energy, then 300 more on Tier 2, and then all
the energy above 600 is in Tier 3. The amount of what you might call a
subsidy depends on how much they're in each of those tiers. For our small
commercial customers in the E-2 rate, you can see those rates are shown on
the chart there. They differ in summer and winter. There are no tiers in the
nonresidential rates. The medium commercial customer rates, E-4, and the
large commercial customer rates, E-7, these look a lot lower on this chart
because these customers pay not only an energy charge but a demand
charge. Generally even with PV on your roof, you don't necessarily avoid
the demand charge. In this case, the Net Energy Metering sort of incentive
doesn't really exist for the larger customers. We also have the PV Partners
program; that's a rebate program that was also required by State law. That
program had a number of steps of rebate, and the rebates stepped down
according to the law. We had ten steps in the program. For residential,
those rebates have run out over a year ago. They're very low for the
remaining customer groups. I'm showing here what that rebate amounted
to in terms of cents per kilowatt hour over time. Of course, this program will
end relatively soon when these rebates are out. This PV Partners program
required by State law, required by Senate Bill 1, that sort of subsidy, sort of
program is running out as well. All these programs were meant to develop
the solar market and drive down the costs of solar energy. They have been
incredibly effective in doing that.        The price of solar has declined
significantly. That's really all I have. Open for your questions or comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can hear from any technical questions from the
Council. I have currently six speaker cards. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Hi. Thank you very much. I have two technical
questions. If you look on Slide 8, the March 2016 column. You said that
doesn't include the Hecate contract. Did I hear you say that the 3.7 cents
on the Hecate replaces both the 4.6 and the 0.9 of Renewable Portfolio
Standard (RPS)?

Ms. Ratchye: Yes. The Hecate contract was 3.7 cents, and that was
renewable energy. That included the premium plus the energy cost long
term.

Council Member Filseth: Is it a fair assumption to say that—again, the
Hecate contract doesn't go into effect for—we don't start collecting power for
a couple of years. Is it fair to say that in that case the Hecate contract, that


                                                                          Page 54 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
