                         TRANSCRIPT
ambitious goals. We want to set goals that we think we can meet over the
short, medium and long term. I think we can engage in this conversation as
we have more at our fingertips in terms of post-processed information. I
think it's also important that we keep sharing information related to data
around the cut-through that's happening on Page Mill Road. Page Mill Road
is congested, but it's from a variety of sources. It's a complex problem, for
sure.

Council Member Schmid: I would just note that the one issue we had at the
1050 Page Mill site, the data that we were given about forecasts was based
on the ITE Ninth Manual and the VTA regional model, not based on real data
from the site. That is an important issue.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Let me add my voice to the other Council
Members who have thanked you for coming tonight and sharing the
information. It's very helpful, enlightening and promising. What's the
structure—I know you're talking about TDM programs. You also mentioned
TMA. What's your structure? Like, you went out and asked what companies
wanted to participate; you enlisted them. Who gets to say what programs?
What's your structure?

Ms. Griego: Stanford is the underlying landowner, as you are well aware,
across all of the 700 acres. That is the basis for the structure. We are in
contractual relationships with all of these members. I think your second
question was how are decisions made. Right now and we continue to
envision being a demand-driven set of Research Park-wide programs. The
companies will always want to retain the right to run their own individual
programs for their own individual employees. Where we can find the right
opportunity for scale and for a Research Park-wide solution, that's the
natural fit for our organization. It's really, I think, a two-pronged approach
that we have here with a partnership with these companies.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Let's just hope that these measures
are all exceedingly successful. How do you see these programs continuing?
Let's just say they're really successful. Other entities are also performing
their own TMAs, TDMs, and the roadways get a lot clearer. What's to ensure
that people won't revert back to their old habits? What are you thinking in
terms of future success and how that will be also aimed at single occupancy
vehicle trip reduction? Do you know what I'm saying?

Ms. Jarvis: I'll take that one. I've got a lot of experience with commuters
over the years. It's tough to get them out of their cars, but once you do
they're very happy. I don't see a lot of people backslide. When you talk to
                                                                        Page 24 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
