                          TRANSCRIPT
of them are two stories. There are five houses on the other side of the
street. Three of those are two-story homes on the block to the north of us
and on the block to the south of us. Our block is a wide street with mature
trees, already accommodates a variety of heights and architectures. Six of
the seven homeowners have asked the entire block be removed as the
applicants did for a block on Talisman earlier. With this, support is now
significantly below the threshold, which is the lowest threshold for SSOs in
the City. Finally, I'd like to address the frankly abysmal communication
problems with this process. Applicants understandably share their side of
the story when they request signatures. The City then sends a small
postcards titled Faircourt, which I am embarrassed to admit I ignored the
first time, because I had never heard of Faircourt. I've lived in that house
for 15 years; I had no idea my home was part of it. Crucially, which is just
amazing, there was never an opportunity for neighbors to have a discussion
and ask questions, only to make binding decisions with frankly really limited
information. I just don't think this is an acceptable way to make significant
land use decisions. I respectfully request that you reject this proposal as the
PTC recommended. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jackie Geist, to be followed by
Roland Finston. Jackie Geist is a co-petitioner. Is there a different time
amount?

Ms. Silver: No, this is a legislative act. We're, I think, just having individual
petitioners fill out speaker cards.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Jackie Geist: Mr. Mayor and members of the City Council, my name is Jackie
Geist, and I live on Evergreen Drive. I'm the co-petitioner for this Faircourt
single-story overlay. So many details have changed since we as petitioners
began our process to bring an SSO to our neighborhood over a year ago.
Since our petition was first submitted with the required over 60 percent
participation by homeowners, several signers have changed their votes due
to campaigns by non-supporters to influence them. Also we have eliminated
certain houses in this tract because they back up to non-Eichler
neighborhoods. Also, we've had some new buyers who have added their
support to the single-story overlay. The reasons for our goal of creating a
single-story overlay remain the same. Eichler homes come with a "bring the
outdoors to the indoors" philosophy and design; that's why most of us chose
them in the first place. Having a two-story home built in the back of one's
house, as we have, or on either side brings with it a total lack of privacy to
the one-story with its backyard and walls of glass. The backyard and many
rooms of a one-story are exposed, and individual privacy is compromised, if

                                                                         Page 54 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
