                         TRANSCRIPT
Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm joined by Elaine Costello, Joanna Jensen from PlaceWorks and,
in the front row, Elena Lee of our Staff. All of us have been working and
really enjoying our work with the Citizens Advisory Committee. I know that
a handful of the members have stayed here this evening. They've put a lot
of hard effort into this. I'm delighted that you're going to hear from them
and any other members of the public who are here. What we've brought to
you today is review of a Transportation Element draft prepared by the CAC.
We're really here as a midstream check-in. I think you probably want to
know and are somewhat eager to see a product of the Committee's work.
This is not your last chance to look at this element, but it is an opportunity
for you to add your thoughts and direction. As you know, this is the process
diagram we've been using the Comp Plan Update. We're really trying to do
three things at once. You read this diagram going down. In the left-hand
column, you'll see that the Council is giving us direction on vision and goals
of the Comp Plan elements and policy direction on important policy issues.
In the middle column, the idea is the CAC is working with us on policies and
programs to flesh out a draft update at the same time that Staff and
consultants are working on the EIR and the analysis that will have to be
concluded in order to allow the Council to adopt a final update at the end of
the day. The CAC has been doing terrific work. They have had monthly
meetings, many small subcommittees, a very productive and constructive
process, really local government at its best. Tonight we want to share their
work on the Transportation Element and a status update on the schedule of
the overall process, which is elongating a little more than when you saw it
last . I hope we can have some comments and discussion about that, if not
tonight at a future meeting. In terms of the draft Transportation Element, it
represents many, many meetings and hours of work. The Committee
ultimately reached consensus and recommended this draft to eh Council
unanimously.     If you recall, the Council had asked the Committee to
articulate minority and majority opinions where relevant. In this case, they
didn't feel the need to do that. There were some sticking points, but they
worked it, they worked it, they worked it and they really got to the point
where they could recommend this as a consensus document. They did
forward it to the Council as a draft, and there was some discussion of
additional comments. The most substantive of which we forwarded to you in
the Attachment C. I know that Co-Chair Keller also forwarded you some of
his additional comments in the run-up to the meeting. The element itself is
structured around a vision and goals from the Council with a couple of
adjustments.     One being that we moved the Council's goal on traffic
congestion up in the standings, so it appears as Goal 2. The other is that
the CAC elected to move the goal on the airport to the Land Use Element,
which we hope to bring you in September. Although, that schedule depends
                                                                        Page 81 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
