                          TRANSCRIPT
Nancy Hancock: Good evening. I wasn't expecting to speak tonight. My
name was in there from two weeks ago, but here I am. Native Palo Altan,
grew up in Royal Manor. I'm supporting my mother who still lives in our
family home. I remember long ago when the two stories first started going
up in the 1960s and the outcry from the neighborhood at that time. This
isn't a new story. It's not about immigrants; it's about families. I think
probably the most lasting thing is once the Eichlers are gone, they're gone.
They finally are valued for the mid-century modernism. They were designed
after Frank Lloyd Wright's ideals. They have value. They will only increase
in value. Thank you for listening.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mike Blum to be followed by Hobart Sze.

Mike Blum: Hello. I'll try to be brief. I'm in favor of the SSO. I have
friends on both sides. I've heard a lot of arguments. I think there's some
good points on both sides, and some points I don't like to so much. My
bottom line, I've decided, is that the air space above our homes is shared by
many neighbors who depend on it for things like enjoyment and health and
morally valid investment value sufficient to preserve it and preserve their
foothold. Let them get on, finish their school with their kids and everything.
Whatever the reason someone gives for going into that area, into that
community space, the fact is they're kind of taking value away from those
around them. They're destroying the enjoyment by others, most of the
people around them.        Some will claim, "My value got stolen because
someone built up on either side of me, so I have a right to steal from the
other survivors." This can go on and on, and there's going to be only one
end result, and that will be everybody is going to be packed in there. The
streets will be crowded and such. In some moments in American history,
people get the law and army on their side and brush aside the rights of the
other people living there, saying, "I have the right to do this." I can see a
lot of friction coming out of that. I put myself in the place what if I wanted
to build there really heavily, what if I was over on the other side of the
fence. My saying that my family is more important than both my neighbors,
that's roughly the odds we're looking at. It's roughly 2:1 who want to
preserve things. I'd be literally building my house up and looking down on
them anyway. Should I get away with the higher resale value equivalent
roughly to the value I destroyed in their houses?          I don't like these
decisions, you can tell. It kind of breaks me up to think about it and to think
of the good friends I have going through it as well, wondering what are the
neighbors going to do, what are they going to complain about. At night,
your light can shine through the windows to replace the darkness that we
cause during the day with these structures blocking the light out. It turns
things upside down. Thank you.

                                                                        Page 38 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
