                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: I think it'd be simpler to just direct Staff to ensure that X, Y and
Z are in the presentation to Council when they come back twice a year. We
can do that. We'll be reviewing the presentation from the TMA. We'll make
sure whatever elements Council wants to be apprised of are in there.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to include percent
change in Single Occupancy Vehicle (SOV) use in future presentations to
Council.” (New Part B)

Council Member DuBois: Just to point out. Amendment A is also a change
to the amendment, isn't it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Council Member DuBois: You're saying it's already signed.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's not. The Mayor just appoints a liaison.

Council Member DuBois: It's not changing the Board composition?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Council Member DuBois: Again, just to speak to this amendment. My whole
point, again, is that we really are more concerned about a percentage
change than an absolute number, because the universe keeps changing
every year. That's really the only point.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just real briefly. I think it all looks great. Yes, let's
go forth and do it. I think the real issue is—we should spend the $100,000
and let's proceed. Making it work is going to be challenging. I think that's
really where the difficulty is going to come, both funding and making sure
we can make it work in our district and so forth. I think one thing that
we've got to overcome is we've got to find a way to get everybody to do it.
I think there's going to be resistance. Even from the survey, a lot of the
drivers say, "No, I want to keep driving my car." Some of our business
groups can be very conservative on this kind of stuff. I think we've got a
role in that too. People are going to come to us and say this is too soon, too
much and so forth. I think the Council needs to push forward on this as
well. To Council Member DuBois and Schmid's point, the worst case is, I
think, that the Comp Plan builds in a lot of stuff assuming this works. We're
not even going to know if it's going to work for a few years, especially
depending on which funding plan you've got. That's actually a Council issue,

                                                                              Page 88 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
