                         TRANSCRIPT
Finance earlier. I might be open to these items if they were preceded with
something like consider ...

Mayor Burt: Remember this is guidance to come back.

Council Member Wolbach: If it was guidance to consider or—I'm not
enthusiastic about this many changes of this level of detail.

Mayor Burt: How about if we ask Staff to include whatever changes we have
redlined so that they'll stand out when we review, when it comes back.
Council Member Holman, does that sound fine?

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry. Could you repeat that please?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach was concerned about buying in one
way or the other to a whole bunch of very specific changes at this hour. As
a way to not be asking Council Members to necessarily have to agree to
each and every one of these, but to ask this to come back with changes
redlined. These changes would be incorporated, but we'd see them and
have a chance to see what was changed and give them special
consideration.

Council Member Holman: Absolutely. There are a couple of things that are
just language to be added somewhere or other. Absolutely, of course.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “as redline edits” after
“Urban Forest Master Plan.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. I had some questions. I
was going to take advantage of Walter being here but, given the time, I'll
maybe shoot you an email and ask them, because they're not directly and
necessarily related to the Urban Forest Master Plan. Thank you to Staff and
also definitely thank you to the community advisors that we had in kind of
updating the Plan. It never hurts for things to go through an additional
revision and get more expert input. Clearly this is a step in the right
direction. It took a little more work, but it's worth it in the end. Walter,
expect an email with some questions from me later. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. As much as I enjoy having an urban forest
that would be contagious, I'm not sure that's quite what we meant. I'm
assuming that means contiguous.
                                                                    Page 104 of 110
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/23/16
