                          TRANSCRIPT
Male: (inaudible) second.

Council Member Holman: Second it and comment.

Mayor Burt: Let me just say that there are potentially a number of good
reasons for arguing for this. I'm not at all sure that the greenhouse gas
impact is one. When we trim our trees, we actually reduce the foliage that
is storing greenhouse gases. There are other good reasons to argue pro and
con for this, but I just don't think that is a strong one in and of itself. I'm
not convinced that the—whereas, there may be arguments about whether
it's going to contribute to more fallen branches and different things like that.
Unless we're saying that the tree trimming is going to result in loss of trees,
which I'm not sure is the case either, I don't think those are the strongest
arguments for (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: I'd love an opportunity to respond to those, if I
have it.

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Holman: Tree health is what sustains our trees. Trees that
are not pruned adequately and routinely and in a good cycle are not healthy
trees. Healthy trees contribute a lot more to greenhouse gas reductions
than do ailing trees. Proper pruning does account for that. The liability
issue I mentioned earlier. We lost 400 trees last year, 400. How much of
that was due to the drought, I can't say specifically, but we lost 400 trees.
Again, trees that are well cared for and well maintained, that aren't
overstressed because of drought or anything else, are going to be trees that
can sustain a challenge. I think it makes absolute prudent sense to go to a
7-year cycle.    Just a reminder too that Urban Forester said—I don't
remember if you said it tonight or not—at the Finance Committee the
recommended cycle is 5-10 years.        We're on the outer edge of the
recommended cycle at 10.

Mayor Burt: You didn't get a second. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Two quick questions. I support the intent of these
amendments. I just want to make sure we got them right. On HSRAP, I
thought we said—I thought I read that more money necessarily couldn't be
used because of the two-year cycle, but that we already have an existing
fund that we could generalize. Is there an existing emerging needs fund?

Ms. Nose: There's not an existing emerging needs fund. There is an
existing one-time $50,000 reserve that was established in the event that the
approved budget was below the needed HSRAP funding. Ultimately, that
                                                                             Page 56 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
