                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Pollack currently owns the property?

Mr. Spieker: They currently own the property, and we currently have a
contract on it.

Council Member DuBois: Got it. Thank you. You might as well stay there;
I've got a couple more, if that's okay. You mentioned the bike repair shop.
You said that would be open to the public. Would it be like a public retail on
the first floor?

Mr. Spieker: As you know, we are under-parked per current zoning. Retail
would only add to that. Some of the feedback we've gotten from a few of
the Council Members and the public as well as watching the prescreening a
year ago for this site, we wanted to address that. We are open to having
the ground-floor bike kitchen available to the public in kind of getting the
community involved in using a local bike shop, a Palo Alto-based bike shop
in terms of letting them advertise, signage, and things to help alleviate
concerns about trying to dissuade ground-floor retail.

Council Member DuBois: You mentioned possible deed restrictions. How
would that work for local employment or non-car ownership? If you lost
your job or you bought a car, what would happen?

Mr. Spieker: You wouldn't be able to live there, I guess. This is something
we've explored with our attorney. Where people live is not a protected
class. We strongly feel that our residents are going to come from Stanford
Research Park and within Palo Alto, within a small radius. Tenants would
sign a 1-year lease as per the norm in Palo Alto. If they lose their job, I
guess we can work together and figure that out.

Council Member DuBois: You kind of mentioned preferences for public
agency employees. Is that what I heard?

Mr. Spieker:   Yes.

Council Member DuBois: You had a slide that said Santa Clara County
stated that the lane dedication was necessary. What did that mean? Did
that mean it was required?

Mr. Spieker: It means it was necessary to improve the efficiency of that
intersection, is what I believe the letter stated.

Council Member DuBois: Does Staff know about that?

Ms. Gerhardt: Yes, absolutely. Jodie Gerhardt, Current Planning Manager.
Our Transportation Division has reviewed this project preliminarily and
                                                                        Page 8 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
