                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I do want to make sure that we're reminding ourselves what
we're talking about here is what will be studied in the EIR scenarios and not
trying to make policy tonight.

Council Member Holman: I'm arguing for why I think it ought to be studied
as 1.5 instead of 2.0. Let's say you add 1,000 jobs—just to use a number.
If a percentage of those people use transit, great. You still have whatever
the surplus is not taking transit. You've still added to the impact. Some of
the development we've seen in the California Avenue area is not compatible
with the area. It's really overblown. Those two reasons, I would definitely
say reduce it.

Mayor Burt:      On your first one, the argument would be if it's not
concentrated, it will be allowed somewhere else. It's not that this would
affect the amount of cap we'd have per year. It's only the location and the
density at a given location that it would impact. We'll vote on it.

Council Member Holman: The two of those together, you get it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: On those two items at the bottom there, we're
looking at a range. Scenario 5, I would support having the CC-2 change just
for Cal. Ave. It's our most dense zoning. We have a lot of concerns about
the nature of retail on Cal. Ave. This is not in Scenario 6, so we get a
comparison. I would remind everybody we're not picking one or the other.
We're picking what we're going to evaluate. The same thing for "B," the
performance-based zoning. I'm suggesting we remove it from 5 but include
it in 6, so we test both. As there was a lot of discussion that we've had
performance measures in the past.         It's been difficult and costly to
implement. I think it's worth including an option without it in these two new
scenarios.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: The ADUs are now 5 and 6. Can I offer a slight
amendment just for grammar on the one where it says development by-right
should be changed to modified regulations? I'd suggest changing that to
"with reduced regulations." Would DuBois and Holman be okay with that,
just so it's clear?

Mayor Burt: I'm not sure whether we—I think that's a specific direction.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll pull it if we want. (crosstalk)


                                                                       Page 83 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
