                          TRANSCRIPT
and culture. I note that—City Manager Keene and I have had conversation
about this over time.     Also, I note that on the tentative Agenda on
February 1st, there's a Study Session about national, State and local trends
on the impacts of art and culture. It is, referring to the City Manager again,
a comment that I made one time that he razzed me about. I said I thought
we could have a higher level and degree of arts and culture in this
community.     There are many benefits, cultural, intellectual, economic
benefits, to having arts and culture integrated into the community.
Currently our Comprehensive Plan doesn't really accommodate much for
that. I know any time that I mention creation of an arts district in Palo Alto,
whoever I've mentioned it to, whatever group or individual, it's always
received very favorably. If we can look at incorporating that. Something
else that I was glad to see, either in the Staff Report or in tonight's
presentation, was both Level of Service (LOS) and VMT are referenced. I
think we've heard the Council Members say before—I don't want to speak
out of turn here—that the Council is interested in using both of those. Not
abandoning LOS for the sake of VMT. Using both of those, I think, is
important when we do analysis.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, just for everybody's benefit, can you
explain acronyms?

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. That's appropriate. LOS is
Level of Service. It's a measure of intersection performance. VMT is vehicle
miles traveled. CEQA recently changed their recommendation to use only
the vehicle miles traveled or VMT. It's only one measure. I think it's really
the combination of the two gives us a much better measure of how our
streets and intersections are performing. Thank you for that. I could say a
lot of things, but I won't at this moment I do think that it is important—since
we're talking now about the DEIR, it's critical that we establish and bring
forward very transparently to the CAC and to Council how especially, I would
say, traffic is being calculated. I say that because I look at how our
intersections are performing now, how traffic's queued up. If we look at the
current Comprehensive Plan's EIR, we have impacts that were not
anticipated. What happened? If we use the same methodologies, we could
end up with the same results and further degradation of intersection,
queuing of traffic, air quality, noise, frustration, quality of life, any number
of things. I look forward to Staff and the CAC bringing forward very clear
criteria for how we measure traffic impacts. I could say more, but I think I'll
stop right there, and give others an opportunity.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.



                                                                             Page 51 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
