                         TRANSCRIPT
and hearing us tonight. I'll try to be brief. I live on the south side of
Arastradero, actually in a single-family home on Arastradero nearly across
from the Clemo-Arastradero intersection. I'm here in support of the 16
home plan. Yes, the traffic is bad on Arastradero, and it's bad on Maybell. I
agree with the previous speakers that this is a good compromise. It's not
perfect for anybody, but it is a very good compromise between the
neighborhood interests, Golden Gate Homes' interests, the City interests. To
speak to Mayor Burt's question about the BMR, I would be in support of
using the in-lieu funds for BMR in the greater Barron Park neighborhood. It
does seem not to make sense for it to have the units on this particular site.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Richard Evans, to be followed
by Jen Fryhling.

Richard Evans: Since I did email you, I will keep my remarks short and
focused on whether or not a pedestrian path is useful. First of all, it would
only serve this subsection of houses within the development, and it would be
a question of desirability for those who wish to purchase those homes. I
believe that Golden Gate Homes would try to make these as attractive as
possible for potential purchasers, and they made the decision that the
privacy issue trumped an incremental shorter distance to Walgreens. I
support the project as it is and hope that you will approve it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jen Fryhling to be followed by Ryan Kim.

Jen Fryhling: Good evening, Council Members. I'm Jen Fryhling. I've lived
in Palo Alto for 15 years. My family lives right off Maybell, and my children
attend Juana Briones and Fairmeadow Elementary School. We chose to live
in Barron Park because we wanted our kids to be able to bike and walk to
the schools in the area from K through 12. The reason why I'm here today
is to support the Maybell project and ask that City Council also support it. I
believe that the developer has genuinely made efforts to minimize the traffic
and safety concerns on Maybell Avenue and on Arastradero Road. I've been
following the project and would like to highlight some of the aspects that I
think are deserving of particular attention by the City Council. The 16
homes are compatible with the neighborhood, with appropriate setbacks,
height limits and lot sizes. The project does not cause street parking
problems, which we have that problem right now, because there's adequate
onsite parking. The traffic report shows low levels of outbound traffic trips,
only 12 during the morning peak, and it's split between Arastradero and
Maybell. Of course, there was mention of the three curb cuts, reducing that
from what it is now with the four. The developer will build a sidewalk, which
                                                                       Page 90 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
