                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Berman. It was really based on
this—two reasons. First, 300 feet was in our Municipal Code already for Tier
Three uses which are ...

Council Member Berman: The worst of the worst.

Ms. Gitelman: ... bad, worst hazardous materials uses. We figured if 300
feet is okay for Tier Three, it should be okay for Tier Two. The other reason
is it really allowed us to take both amortization studies at face value, ours
and CPI's. Ours said the plating shop could be asked to move or terminate
by 2026. Theirs said it can't be separated from the rest of the facility until
2052.

Council Member Berman: Three hundred feet still allowed them to be onsite.

Ms. Gitelman: Correct.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Ms. Gitelman: Just to add to that. The work that Rod's company has done
has said that those two assumptions hold true; although, there would be a
potential to relocate the plating shop from the rest of the facility if there are
technology or operational changes that we don't know about right now, that
could make that happen sooner.

Council Member Berman: Makes sense. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: We have no other questions from Council.            I think we're—
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I've seen a couple of times mentioned that there
were improvements made to CPI. Have we ever gotten any details on what
those improvements were or how much they cost and when they occurred?

Ms. Gitelman: I would have to go back and look at that amortization study
that we had done by CB Richard Ellis because that focused on the value of
improvements that were made in 2006-ish. Now CPI has asserted to us in
communications that they have made some additional investments since
then, but we haven't seen any evidence of that.

Ms. Stump: I'd just like to add that that is the work that was done by CB
Richard Ellis, looking at that improved facility. That was the result of some
consolidation the company did from their San Carlos facility into Palo Alto.

Council Member DuBois: I know. It was more the comment that work
occurred after that, and I have never seen any details.
                                                                          Page 28 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
