                         TRANSCRIPT
they're really reaching out into the equity angle.         Equity is huge for
transportation. We're really trying to find out who is not included in
transportation, who are the people that usually are forgotten. Oftentimes,
they're restaurant workers. They're the small business people. They're the
moms trying to do a transfer from one bus to another to do childcare.
There's so many other people, and I'm not sure if they're all bidding here.
Obviously, Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) is a huge issue for
transportation. Obviously we're going to have some, like you say, two for
one, three for one type of candidates here. You might even want to consider
having non-voting members in this committee or ex officio type people as
well. Once again, you have to make sure you have too many Indian Chiefs
and not enough scouts. What do you do for that? Once again, I think
anything that you can do to try to look at what has worked in this City
before, and then try to work with a project manager to figure out how do
you compress this timeframe into something. You're going to have to have
a lot of decision process at the end of this to figure out how do you make it
work. I think what Council Member Schmid was talking about was if you
don't give clear direction, you may think you're going here, and the next
thing you know you're off four to five degrees either way, and it may be too
late to correct course. Those are just a few comments. Thanks again.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have one more card, Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'm
speaking because of what I heard Council Member Schmid say. With all due
respect, I have to say I do not believe that any TMA that involves
transportation from Stanford Hospital to wherever the workers work is
working. The problem is that there is no place for this affordable housing for
the low paid workers. There's just no place, but Stanford has the place.
They've got literally thousands of acres. They could house their workers;
they could put them in concrete, "pack them and stack them" but there are
three sets of people for every bed in that hospital. They don't make very
much anyway, and they're traveling at odd hours of the night. Stanford has
to house those people. It can't be a good example for a TMA. Of all the
people, it isn't that Stanford's much worse than anybody else, but they have
quantities of employees, and they do have the land. Nobody else has the
land. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I was thinking about IBRC, and I think I agree
with a couple of comments that Council Member Schmid made and a couple
of the comments that Council Member Wolbach made. My idea for this
would be we set a goal for the committee of achieving a certain amount of

                                                                       Page 95 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
