                          TRANSCRIPT
we really have to think carefully about. You all on November 2nd did have a
really long and lengthy discussion about a bunch of land use items, for which
I thank you. What I understood from that outcome was that housing should
be something that we all look at and housing for everybody. I'm hoping that
we can kind of look at the Comp. Plan with that lens through your direction.
The other thing I just—two more points. Karen Holman, thank you and Liz
Kniss for your leadership on Healthy Cities Healthy Communities; I think
that's being woven in, in a lot of different places. It's been mentioned a
couple of times through Community Services and also transportation. I
think that, again, is another kind of facet of the sustainability that we should
be all weaving in. On process—the one last thing I'll just leave you with—I
would love to see a much quicker feedback loop. I think sometimes your
group will make a decision on direction, goals; it would be nice to have that
come back to us much more quickly so we can kind of start thinking about
them and really talking about them in our groups. Thank you.

Mr. Garber: Thank you, Elaine. Hamilton, Adrian, Don, Amy.

Hamilton Hitchings, CAC Member: Hi. Long time no see. I'm Hamilton; I've
been a resident almost 25 years. I'm a parent, an emergency services
volunteer and a startup entrepreneur. Democracy is hard, and I think the
Staff has been doing a great job trying to get their arms around this. I've
been very impressed with the work products they've been producing. I've
also been really happy with the openness and listening and positive and
many great suggestions from the CAC. I think we've managed to get a
group of thoughtful people who are really all trying to build a better Palo Alto
together. I really appreciate my co-members here. I wanted to address
Council Member Scharff's comment, which really resonated with me, and
also answer Council Member Schmid's question about livability.             As a
resident, clearly that's one of my concerns. I do represent a resident's point
of view because I live here. Not just preserving Palo Alto, but making it
better. I think that this is a great opportunity. If we look at the business as
usual scenario, we all know we can do better than the business as usual
scenario. I think that some of the concerns have been around and a
reaction to the impacts, which is really a result of the phenomenal economic
growth we've had and the Silicon Valley technical miracle which has put a lot
of growth pressure on this City, because all the companies want to be here.
Many residents have pushed back because the existing conditions have not
been fully mitigated and continue to get worse. For example, traffic has a
poor level of service at many intersections and has continued to go down.
There have been, according to one estimate, 2,000 parking space shortage
in Downtown. A lot of large office buildings have not felt in character with
existing aesthetics. I think there's an argument to be made about what's
the right balance between existing compatibility and forward-looking
                                                                             Page 65 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
