                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I just want to make sure it wasn't on this list
understood as something we wanted to deemphasize.

Mayor Burt:      No, we haven't determined anything we're going to
deemphasize. We're now going to talk about what we want to deemphasize.
We haven't had any discussion about what we want to—any collective
discussion about what we want to deemphasize. That's what we're going to
try and do and get out of here.

Council Member Holman:       I'm trying to say is 42 we did not want to
deemphasize.

Mayor Burt: I don't know what "we" is. I hear that you're saying you don't
want to. We're going to hear whether we have suggestions.

Council Member Holman: I'm just saying it was in the parking lot, and we
haven't discussed it.

Mayor Burt: Forty-two was in the parking—we didn't make any decision to
deemphasize by virtue of any voting in the parking lot. That was not part of
the parking lot.

Mr. Keene: Here's what you have said that you guys wanted to upgrade.
You told us some things. Now, we need to go and tell you what that costs.
You've ordered room service; we're going to tell you what it costs. It will
help if you could very quickly just say—maybe you go around in rounds,
what's the first thing just off the top—39, you could get rid ...

Mayor Burt: I'm going to try and do this expeditiously. Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm happy to offer a couple of suggestions, and I
would also just mention that for things where it's just a money obstacle
rather than a Staff bottleneck, if it's just a money obstacle, those
suggestions for de-prioritizing could potentially come from other
departments rather than just being PCE directly. If you want, I'm happy to
start off and give my best.

Mayor Burt: I'm looking for people to put on the table any things that they
recommend we deemphasize.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm happy to start off then. Forty-three, Eichler
Design Guidelines, 58 Downtown cap, 48 ...

Mayor Burt: Wait, wait. Let's ...


                                                                     Page 100 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
