                          TRANSCRIPT
program. VTA is an annual pass that provides employees with free fares on
all VTA buses, light rail, and the Dumbarton Express bus from the East Bay.
The pricing of ECO Pass is such that larger employers get a much better
price on it than small employers. We were able to do actually a bulk
purchase of 15,000 passes in order to qualify for the lowest price of $18 a
pass. By comparison, most of our employers would have paid $93 a pass,
five times as much. Even our largest employers save between 40 and 65
percent. That's money that they put into other aspects of their program.
Specifically, we had one of our members that doubled their Caltrain subsidy
with the money that they saved on the Eco Pass purchase. Another program
that is particularly fun for me is that we launched a Bicycle Champions
Advisory Group. Bicycling is a great option for people who live within 5
miles of the workplace. I knew that we had enthusiastic bicyclists in the
Research Park that would love to see more people bicycling. We engaged
this group. Our Working Group employers, we asked them to nominate
active bicyclists within their companies.         We now have 12 Bicycle
Champions. A really interesting group, they commute from as far away as
Los Gatos and Foster City. We have three of them that combine bicycling
with transit, so we get that nice perspective. They're there to help us. They
propose new programs. They support our new bicyclists. They also have
really valuable input on infrastructure.        Another program that we've
enhanced is our guaranteed ride home program. This is available for free to
all employees in the Research Park. A traditional guaranteed ride home
program will cover cases of personal emergencies. If you ride transit to
work and you get a call from your child's school saying your child is sick, you
need to come and get him, a standard guaranteed ride home would cover
that. We certainly cover those cases. However, we also realize that there
are some days when transit is just not working well for people. We didn't
want that to discourage somebody, that they have a bad experience and
they're two hours late getting to work or two hours late getting home and
miss something important, and they don't want to ride transit again. We
have included transit disruptions in our guaranteed ride home program, so
that we will get people where they need to go quickly in those cases. We
have also modernized the program. Traditional guaranteed ride programs,
the ride is provided by taxi, and we still have that option. We have also
added Uber and Lyft just because many people are comfortable with those
systems, and the response time can be very quick on those. Another new
program we have is on our StanfordResearchPark.com website. We have
extensive transportation information including options for how people will
get there, the services that we offer, and recent updates on promotions and
new events and incentives that we're offering. Now, I'd like to talk a little
bit about programs that we have planned. The first of these is an interactive
trip planning tool. This is going to be a really nice fit with the website I just
showed you. When someone goes to that website and they're reading about
                                                                          Page 11 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
