                          TRANSCRIPT
world war and the devastation of that war interfere with their commitment
to walking to school. The other thing is, given this is the tenth anniversary
and just last year we passed a Resolution for Healthy City Healthy
Community, if there's some way that we—Council Member Kniss and I have
been working on that. If there's some way or some thoughts that you might
have to interject, you can of course—you probably have read, I'm going to
assume, the Resolution already. If there's some program that we might
introduce as a part of that to help promote Safe Routes to School also, let us
know. Congratulations and thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: It's wonderful to see the traffic bike counts that
you have going from 10 percent 15 years ago to 40 percent, over 40 percent
today. That's hard to change customs of a community, and you've really
done it. I guess also we have next week the bike boulevard on our Agenda,
which is a big infrastructure item. I guess it shows the commitment of the
City to provide support to what's going on around town, and the kids going
to school is a key part of that. Just a couple of issues that you might be
sensitive about. One is the share of overflow students from neighboring
schools to schools at a distance. I think certainly you're biking and walking
programs should be coordinated as much as possible with those discrete
decisions that are made. Concerned a little bit about afterschool activities.
One of the items that parents pointed to was worrying about the kids going
to afterschool activities. I know they go in a variety of directions. You just
think of the field policy in Palo Alto; middle school kids are going to fields at
the fringes of the City, at Cubberley, at El Camino Park, in the Baylands, and
bring them home in the dark in winter time during rush hour. Just a
sensitivity about active, engaged kids and their safety and health.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. First of all, this is just flat out
awesome. I mean this program's been a huge success. Thank you very
much for doing it. You look at the charts here, and it sort of looks like it's
started to flatten a little bit at both Gunn and Paly. Have you got any
specific insights into what sort of the obstacles might be to get to the next
10 or 20 percent?

Ms. Star-Lack: Paly has been under construction; although, we've worked
with them to increase their bike parking. Gunn also has had construction
recently. We've also worked with Gunn to improve the numbers and
location of their bike parking. Each school is really different. Gunn has a lot
of students coming by bus, by VTA 88.             Paly has students on the

                                                                          Page 9 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
