                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: If you go to these diagrams and maps that you
have given out, the Measure E site seems to be well to the west of the gap.
It's up here.

Mr. Bobel: Sorry. It's the entire length. Do you want me to show you on
that map?

Mayor Burt: Why don't we do that—first we need to make sure that our
question periods are focused on questions.

Council Member Schmid:        The question is, is this consistent with the
Baylands Master Plan.

Mayor Burt: That's not a 10-minute question. I still say that we need to
have our question period more focused on questions. At this time, what
we'd like to do is proceed with comments from members of the public. We
have two speakers, Herb Borock to be followed by Mark Roest.

Public Hearing continued from March 21, 2016.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt. First, let me give a handout to the
Clerk on the landscaping which will be the last thing I'll talk about. I just
want to mention a couple of other things first. I echo Council Member
Schmid's comments about responsiveness of Staff and Public Works,
Planning and the City Attorney's Office. The final step of Component 3 is
going to be having to be considering not just the general economics of what
that final part would be, but also the generation of electricity and
greenhouse gases that are not being converted to electricity, such as carbon
dioxide. The first page of the Staff Report says that the existing incinerator
building will be repurposed for a time.           I'd like to know what that
repurposing is and how long that's going to be.              In regard to the
landscaping, I have handed out a copy of the view from the top of the
former landfill. That is a change in circumstances that hadn't existed before.
It wasn't a parkland before. That's something new from the previous
mitigations on landscaping. Also, I provided you with a copy of the site.
The south side, which is the lower right-hand corner of the aerial view,
shows a boundary between the Measure E site and the Regional Water
Quality Control Plant. There are different views and approximate boundaries
in the report, so they're not all the same. In general, there is landscaping
space on the Regional Water Quality Control Plant site for the additional
landscaping. The two circular objects are the secondary clarifiers. In line
with those two is a building which is dual media filters. The gap between
those clarifiers and that rectangular building is what you see from up the hill.
You go up through that gap to the sludge facility. The response in the
addendum to the Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND) is written as if the
                                                                          Page 48 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
