                          TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager: Thank you. Thank you, Mayor and Council
Members. Thank you, guys, for this great work. It's exciting to be moving
into the parking solution phase of things. Would you guys put Slide 3 back
up again? That's the big parking picture, not to be confused with the
barking pig picture. The big parking picture. I think it would be fair to say
to the Council that—I mean, there's a lot here. In a lot of ways this is a
preview particularly as it relates to Recommendation Number 2 on the
Automated Parking Guidance System. While we talk about with a preference
for single space and to solicit bids when funding becomes available, there
are a lot of moving parts to all of this. What we're after is getting your
support for this direction, but we're going to have to do a lot more deeper
dives on both the technology, the timing and in the funding and how to
identify those things. The reason I asked to have this is that, you see the
circled part, the parking technology and the parking wayfinding are up for
tonight, and then we go down to the paid parking study. The Staff thinking
on the Automated Parking Guidance System is really connected to
recommendations that would ultimately come out of the paid parking study,
to then start to identify a future cash flow from parking revenues that could
be allocated to fund the installation of this program. I think when I was
talking with Staff a little bit earlier this evening, sometime in the fall towards
the end of this year we would be back before Council with that. I think
we're not going to be able to proceed without having a financing strategy, a
cash flow, a sense of how to pay for these items. We're going to have a lot
more work, but we're trying to come to you earlier on some of these
projects as they're unfolding and get your direction. Secondly, as we look at
this, I've been ruminating on our recommendation about the blue color
scheme; I'm backsliding myself. Let me just make a couple of points here in
that regard. First of all, when you look at just these pieces of our big
parking picture, these aren't just about getting people to park in garages.
They are part of our whole integrated system about how we're going to
move people around our City. It's embedded in our Sustainability Plan. To
me, everything we're doing has a green foundation and a green objective.
The symbol of what we're doing, whether it's hitting people over the head
with it or it's more subtle, is much more the color green and not as much of
an institutional—sorry, I'm using my words obviously as I see them—
component, so the meaning of that. Second, practically we already went
through—not a criticism of the ARB—the signage program for the garages
and right here around City Hall all used a green component on these signs.
Already a little bit of a concern that we would be shifting in another
direction. If you guys could go to the field mockups for a second. If you go
back to the green one. In actuality, this isn't an even comparison. If you
look at this, the very top of the green one is a green "P" on a dark
background. If you go to the blue one, you see this white background with
the "P." If you start to toggle back and forth between them and if you saw
                                                                           Page 48 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/11/16
