                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We're going to vote on that separately. That's how we'll figure
out what consensus we have. Everybody, it's 20 minutes to 12:00 A.M. I'm
going to try to get us to a vote real quickly. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: My question has been answered. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: See, that worked. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'm a bit concerned about "A." It reads like we're
trying to deal with our employees first. I know both at the CAC and tonight,
there's a lot of concern about disabled, seniors, very low income, a diverse
community, diverse affordable housing. If we could switch in there to
provide housing for moderate income as well as lower income or a diverse
spread of incomes, I would be much more comfortable with it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not going to do that, because we already have that.
That's what the rest of affordable housing is about. This is a specific
category that's not covered under our existing affordability.

Council Member Schmid: Is this then specifically asking to take some of the
small amount of funds we have for affordable housing and put it ...

Mayor Burt: It's asking for return with options. We'll have a discussion
around those options when they return. That's provided that Staff has
determined that it's feasible to return with options. If we try to make all
those decisions tonight, we're not going to be out of here. All this is, is Staff
to evaluate the feasibility of coming back with options.

Council Member Schmid:        That sounds like we're dealing with our
negotiations with the employees.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we put in (crosstalk)?

Mayor Burt: I think the clarification was a belief that this is an additional
category that we are interested in options on, not instead of. That's the
intent. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Maybe this wouldn't belong here. On "B," do we
add in the idea of moving away from number of units per acre and towards
just having FAR be the criteria with the ...

Mayor Burt: I think Staff has gotten the sense of that being one of the ways
to do micro units.

Council Member Berman: Just wanted to make sure. We seem to be having
things called out. As long as we're all onboard.
                                                                        Page 109 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
