                          TRANSCRIPT
look at this issue, especially the notion of growing in people's backyards. I'd
like to have the Fire Chief weigh in. I'd like to have more information. I'd
like to have some community outreach.            Maybe we're going to have
thousands of people come here and say, "No, we want to be able to have
less restrictive than that." I doubt it, but. I would like all of that. I'm not
sure it matters if we pass the emergency Ordinance or if we pass the regular
Ordinance frankly. It's about a month difference. I don't know much about
pot growing. Relying on Council Member Schmid who doesn't think we can
grow the plants that quickly—I guess he's the expert now. I'm teasing you a
little bit. Unless anyone thinks that you could really grow these plants really
quickly, I can't see people taking them out of their indoor and putting them
out in their front yard just for a statement. I guess it could happen for a
month.

Male: Winter is coming.     You cannot grow marijuana in the winter.            You
people are hopeless.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I'll just move for the regular—that we pass the
regular Ordinance and that Staff comes back to us within 12 months with
further information.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
adopt:

A.    An Ordinance adding Chapter 9.17 (Personal Cultivation of Marijuana)
      to Title 9 (Public Peace, Morals and Safety) of the Palo Alto Municipal
      Code to prohibit outdoor marijuana cultivation in Palo Alto; and

B.    A finding that this amendment is exempt from review under the
      California Environmental Quality Act; and

C.    Direct Staff to return within twelve months to Council following public
      outreach for potential changes to this Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Before we go further, does Staff have any clarification on the
proposition?

Ms. Stump: We don't have any modification to our previous view.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we want to get something in place so the
community is not surprised. I think we want time to think about this, get
the Fire Chief to weigh in, have Staff research the issue, maybe do some
outreach to the community and get that.

                                                                        Page 86 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
