                         TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

6.   PUBLIC HEARING: Approval of a Lease Agreement With the Palo Alto
     Lawn Bowls Club, Inc. for City-Owned Property Located at 474
     Embarcadero Road for a Period of Up to 10 Years.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to our first Action Item which is approval
of a lease agreement with the Palo Alto Lawn Bowls Club for a City-owned
property located at 474 Embarcadero Road for a period of up to 10 years.
Welcome.

Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Real Property Manager: Good evening, Mayor Burt
and City Council. Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Manager of Real Property. Staff
recommends Council authorize the City Manager to execute a four year lease
agreement with two three-term extension to the Palo Alto Lawn Bowl Club
lease. The club has been part of Palo Alto for over 80 years and would like
to continue its relationship with the City. Staff has followed City Policy and
Procedure 1-11(A)(c) for leasing City-owned property by advertising the
proposed lease in the Palo Alto Weekly in January and February 2016. As of
today, we haven't received any comments from the public regarding the
proposed lease. Staff is available to answer your questions. Thank you very
much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.      Are there any questions that Colleagues have?
Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: The lawn bowling area is a nice part of town. It
enhances life for everyone in the community to have that at the center. One
thing I did not find in any of the documentation is how many people are
active members and using the club? Do we have any idea?

Mr. Ghaemmaghami: I don't have that information. Is there ... There's a
gentleman from the Lawn Bowl Club that can answer that question.

Mayor Burt: Please introduce yourself and go right ahead.

John Hickson, Palo Alto Lawn Bowls: Good evening. My name's John
Hickson. I'm the past president and the head coach at the club. I've been a
member for 20 years. It's my second home. Twenty years or more ago, the
club was losing members. Since then we've been very active, and we've
increased membership today by 60 percent. We're around about 130
members. It's like most things; people come and people go. We're always
having to recruit, but we're holding pretty well around 130. We are, if not
the, certainly one of the largest clubs now in the Bay Area.

                                                                          Page 7 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
