                         TRANSCRIPT
As mentioned, the height is consistent with the CS district. The signs are
designed to be below the roof; those are consistent with the Baylands
Guidelines. This is another view of some of the other elevations of the site.
The landscaping is also appropriate for the surroundings and the
environment as well. The applicant did provide through the process some
detailed building perspectives. The massing of the building is helped by the
additional setbacks being proposed as well as some of the existing built
features, such as the transmission tower that's at the corner. It tends to
take away from the building, but it's something that's just there. That tower
is about 90 feet in height. Some of the plantings that they would be able to
do. There was a lot of specific discussion there. In dealing with Pacific Gas
and Electric (PG&E), near the tower they can actually do a little taller
plantings, because the power lines there are higher from the ground than at
say in-between the property, where that's the lowest part underneath the
transmission lines to the floor. These are some of the building perspectives
from Embarcadero Road as well as Bayshore. You can see the Audi building
there. This is more of a rendering, not the actual building that's now in
place. It does represent what it would look like. What's also important is
the views from the Baylands. This photograph is taken from the trail that's
in the Baylands, probably about 600 feet away from the site. You can see
that the existing trees—there's also a property in between the Baylands
Preserve and the subject property—would obscure the new building. The
rooftop lighting would also not be visible from this distance. Through the
Mitigated Negative Declaration process, there were significant impacts
identified to biological resources as well as transportation. A mitigation is
proposed for nesting birds and sensitive habitat from the onsite lighting.
The lighting would be reduced between the hours of 10:00 P.M. and 7:00
A.M. That's consistent with the adjacent Audi dealership. Also, a mitigation
for impact to the Embarcadero/Bayshore intersection by reconfiguring the
lanes and changing the signal timing there. With that, Staff recommends
that the Council adopt the Mitigated Negative Declaration and mitigation
monitoring and reporting program, introduce an ordinance adding the
automobile dealership combining district to the site, as well as approving the
site and design architectural review and approving the Design Enhancement
Exceptions. That concludes my presentation. Be happy to answer any
questions you may have. Thank you.

Mr. Lait: Mayor, if I may, I just want to note that Alex Lew, Vice Chair of
the ARB, is also in the audience this evening.

Mayor Burt: I want to return to the Council for technical questions.             Vice
Mayor Scharff.



                                                                          Page 96 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
