                          TRANSCRIPT
that you're entering, that's intersecting the street. It would encourage
yielding to both pedestrians and cyclists. It also allows pedestrians to obtain
control of the crosswalk a little easier. They don't have to cross as directly,
and it's not as rigid as a typical intersection.

Council Member Holman: I think just two other questions. Thank you. I
got so used to speed tables, and now we're using speed humps. Are speed
tables not be utilized anymore? They're so gentle.

Mr. Mello: We still use speed tables on collector streets. Speed humps are a
little more dramatic; we use those on local, residential streets. The majority
of the bike boulevards that are before you tonight are on local, residential
streets.

Council Member Holman: Last question. The areas in, let's say, Ross, they
are the wider streets. What did you discover—two things in the same
questions. What did you discover in terms of planting opportunities along
the sides? The other is was there any consideration for any street closures
to automobile vehicles because that certainly seems to slow traffic in these
days of Google maps and all of that. We get a lot more cut-through traffic.
Was that considered as a means to slow down traffic, keep some of the
traffic out of the neighborhood from cut through? Two questions in one
there, sorry.

Mr. Mello: We're going to talk a little bit more about the Amarillo, Moreno
and the Ross Road corridors later in the presentation. Those are the ones
specifically where we found a lot of opportunities to add street trees and
vegetation. On the Amarillo Bike Boulevard concept plan, there's actually a
pretty significant curb extension that would add several street trees. Along
Ross, we found a couple of great areas where it made great sense to add
curb extensions and some street trees to break up the wider sections of the
street. In regard to closures, full and partial closures, those were taken off
the table relatively early in the process due to some guidance that's in the
Comprehensive Plan. There are some corridors, I think, where it may make
sense to look at that in the future. Greer Road is one that we're still working
on the concept plan. We should be bringing that forward in probably about
6 months. There's a partial closure that I want to look at for that corridor,
but I'd rely on Council guidance on that when we bring the concept plans
forward.

Council Member Holman: Interested in that. Not just the bulb-outs, but the
further application for trees is what I was kind of looking for too. Thank you
very much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.
                                                                        Page 25 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
