                          TRANSCRIPT
months even from there. We've got this transportation tax initiative, again,
that has just been an emergent, pop-up issue. We've got that in this work
plan here. I thought it was interesting just listening to the sea level rise
discussion. We don't have sea level rise pulled out at all as a project here.
You could say it's embedded under the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan
(S/CAP), but then this really underestimates how much is potentially
involved in the S/CAP, because there can be 30 different key initiatives. At
any one point, the Council or anybody in the community can say, "Where's
our Electric Vehicle (EV) deployment piece? What are we really doing on
mobility as a service?" You can see even all of these things have minimal
detail. There are almost 100 priority projects on the ELT priority list. I just
put some in here, just grabbed some from other departments, really kind of
without any thought, just going down the list alphabetically. You can see
things in each of our departments that are also under way, in most cases by
the same people who are involved in supporting the Council work or
certainly are involved in managing the organization. For example, you can
see some comprehensive management studies, for example, or
reorganizations there that are part of the day-to-day managing, but they're
actually a special project. As we all know, managing any operation requires
constant daily work; it's not just strategic work. We've got 100 projects
there. Again, most of the work is there below the waterline. Most of the
work is here. We're not focused on this, but at some point in time in the
future we do want to be able to talk with the Council about the fact that I
think we do a great job in service, in being highly responsive, but we need
to be able to put more attention and time to this area of teamwork, of
planning and coordinating and on this area of renewal and more investment
in training and that sort of thing. Some thoughts again on the to-do list
today, as the Mayor was suggesting, we review and assess the Council
Priority work plan. Are there project adjustments that we need to discuss?
Are there some process improvements that we could identify that might help
us down the road? I have a couple of ideas when the time is right for us to
think about some of those things. I mentioned to one of the Council
Members; on the way in here we happened to be talking about it. We've
gotten so much better. We used to do the Priorities, and then we didn't
really have a work plan. We started doing the work plan, and now we're
getting to the point where—the Mayor was very directive to me that we
really needed to have a Committee of the Whole meeting before the end of
this second quarter and the Council goes on break to begin to talk about
this. We are getting a lot better about being transparent, informing the
Council, letting you prioritize. The fact is, in my view, we've got to get
ultimately on a quarterly basis at least where we're really reprogramming
and reassessing, so we're really clear that we're absolutely working in the
best possible way. We need to make sure that we're not burning out our
resources, which we could have a tendency to do, since we're very, very
                                                                        Page 32 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
