                          TRANSCRIPT
trees that were most in jeopardy in the drought, because they need a lot
more water than what we naturally have here. Over time, I think we need
to migrate not just toward more indigenous trees but ones that are more
suitable for our natural environment. I also think that the modified vision
statement is now really looking good. I did want to point out just a couple
of things. There was a statement on redwoods being native to only selected
areas in Palo Alto. It's one little spot, and that's on the whole Bay that a
redwood tree is native. I say this because we kind of have a misguided
notion that redwoods are indigenous to our flatlands here. I love redwoods
as much as anybody, but we really don't understand where they naturally
grow. There was on Page 5 something similar. This has to do with the
change in climate. Native species are of paramount importance to a healthy
ecosystem; however, definition of native is not universally agreed upon. I
beg to differ; it's pretty well agreed upon. They're indigenous, and we may
have plants that are indigenous to elsewhere in California that are not
indigenous to this area. Maybe that's some of the ambiguity. Native is
indigenous plants that grow naturally here, in this area. I'm not sure that
that's so uncertain. It says ecosystems adapt in response to influences such
as climate change, and the climate goes on that we need to have an
expanded list of ecologically important adapted species as a result of climate
change. I would say that the impacts of climate change are not yet really
affecting what will grow naturally here. I want to make sure that we don't
use that as a rationalization to support some new definition of what a native
species is. Anyway, those are my only minor comments on what I think is a
great document and report.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to direct Staff to include the following changes in the Urban
Forest Master Plan as redline edits:

A.   Replace in Goal 1 Bullet 4, “trying to minimize” with “minimizing;” and

B.   Add in Program 1.A.ii. Bullet 6, “and multi-family” after “non-
     residential;” and

C.   Replace in Policy 3.A. Bullet 2, “WOCULS” with “WUCOLS (Water Use
     Classification of Landscape Species);” and

D.   Add to Policies 3.A.i., 3.A.ii., 3.A.iii., 3.A.v., 3.A.vi., 3.A.vii., 3.B.ii.,
     and 3.B.iii., “Canopy and other related organizations” after “Office of
     Sustainability;” and

E.   Add to Policy 3.B.ii., “tree retention, and trimming standards” after
     “tree selection;” and

                                                                          Page 107 of 110
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/23/16
