                         TRANSCRIPT
that while they could build houses that looked like Eichlers, they couldn't do
it for the amount of money that Eichler was able to build them for. They
gave up and left those few houses. About 1990 the house next door to us
was torn down all of a sudden. Nobody knew anything was going on. One
of our neighbors came home one morning and saw a truck out there pulling
all the gas lines and everything out. She said, "What's going on?" They
said, "We just tore down the house." We tried to find out what was going
on. It turned out that the people who had just recently bought that house
really did not want an Eichler-type house; they had hired an architect, and
they had a 39-square-foot house that was going to be 3 ½ stories high,
going to be built next door to us. We said no. I'm sorry. I guess that's all
the time I get. Anyway, I was the first one to get an overlay because one of
the City Council Members told me about overlays. I have a bunch of
newspaper articles here. We were famous for being the first neighborhood
in the City to get a single story overlay. We're very happy with it, by the
way, and we've had no complaints from any of the 130 houses there.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Amir Dembo, to be followed by Monique
Lombardelli.

Amir Dembo: Dear City Council, my name is Amir Dembo. My wife and I
live on 3350 Thomas Drive. I'm here to strongly support the single story
overlay initiative. Twenty-five years ago as a young man of 30, I was hired
to the faculty of Stanford Mathematics Department. Being cash-poor buyers
then, we bought our Eichler that was of a modest size. We raised three kids
and hosted extensive visits by our parents. In 2001, we have extensively
remodeled our house, adding nearly 600 square feet, one bedroom and two
bathrooms to the maximum allowed floor area ratio. We preserved the
original design including many glass windows and kept our house to a single
story. This is even though our house sits on a corner lot with wide setback
on both streets and utility easement on the third set. The initiative proposed
will preserve the neighborhood intimacy and maintain attractiveness to
family like ours that stay for the long run and care about privacy and
California indoor/outdoor housing design. I hope you will take this point of
view into account and follow without delay the wishes of the silent but
strong majority of the neighborhood in approving this initiative. I want
finally to note that six percent of 202 is 12 and not 19. Thank you very
much.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    Monique Lombardelli to be followed by Zeev
Wurman.

Monique Lombardelli: Hi. Thank you so much for allowing me to come and
speak. I have to say that I am really, really saddened by how many people

                                                                        Page 73 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
