                          TRANSCRIPT
sale of the TDRs promised by a previous Council. Those funds from day one
were destined to support the Sea Scout Building's long-term maintenance.
Two, while some building fees were waived during the construction process,
still we paid $40,000 for other City fees. It feels unfair to us to have paid
fees to the City to restore the City's property. Three, we have an obligation
to partially fund the construction of a new restroom in the Preserve. We're
prepared to do so, but we ask that the City manage the construction project.
Our core competence is education. We believe City Staff can better manage
the development process and that they can do so more efficiently and at
lesser cost. The bottom line, let's keep this great public-private partnership
going rather than have it tainted with a degree of animosity and possibly
putting this wonderful building at renewed future risk. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now return to the Council for discussion
and a Motion. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I had asked that Environmental Volunteers bring
the cost of the rehabilitation so we'd know what numbers we're talking
about, that actually were expended for that purpose, consistent with the
Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Berkowitz, you're welcome to respond.

Mr. Berkowitz:     Clarify for me when you say the numbers for the
rehabilitation. The entire capital project was $3.8 million. Approximately $3
million of that was directly related to capital costs of the building. Are you
talking about the amount that we paid in City fees?

Council Member Holman:          Capital costs and rehabilitation costs aren't
necessarily the same thing. If you're finishing out the inside of the building
for exhibits and that sort of thing, that's not (crosstalk) costs.

Mr. Berkowitz: The approximate number is $3 million. The difference
between the $3 million and the $3.8, that additional $800,000 are things like
outfitting the building, exhibits, displays, furniture, capital campaign costs.
The construction figure is around $3 million.

Council Member Holman: I'm not sure we're still quite getting there. I don't
mean to be difficult on this. For instance, if you're redoing bathrooms and
such, that's part of a capital project, but it's not a rehabilitation project in
terms of historic rehabilitation. As Lalo and I were having the conversation,
the purpose of the TDRs is for historic rehabilitation, and that's what the
money should be used for.

Mr. Berkowitz: I think we're going to continue to not understand each other.
                                                                             Page 11 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
