                          TRANSCRIPT
even though it was—I found it about three blocks away—hard to park in
Mountain View as well. I imagine it's the same in Sunnyvale or Milpitas,
wherever we go. The Bay Area is absolutely impacted with traffic right now.
Waiting through two or three lights is not impossible. Again, talking to what
Jim's comments were, how do we get our traffic signalization so it's really
smooth and so people really do move through it. I'd be interested in knowing
how people feel about Oregon Expressway now that that's been altered and the
signals are changed and so forth. I'm getting used to it, but I think a number
of people have really complained about that signalization. Last one was
Number 31 which had to do with housing. I'd like to emphasize housing. In
fact, we're going to be doing the Housing Element overall in the Comprehensive
Plan. Also, I think what's going to be a hotly discussed issue in town is second
dwelling units, whether we call them ACU or granny units, whatever they may
come to being. I was on a Council that discussed this before. It's a topic when
it comes again to parking—the same with Airbnb—is where do you park the car
and does the street in front of your house become congested. Those would be
the ones I would focus on at this point. As I said, I'm not sure that I'm ready
for one more Priority at this point, but I like the idea of prioritizing particularly
under the Healthy City and Healthy Communities the discussion that we just
had about airport noise. This will come a little later, but there's also one I'd
like to add which the World Health Organization is emphasizing and has come
to our county which is called the seniors agenda. I'll say more about that later.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. I think the Vice Mayor's
suggestion is intriguing, and I'll have to give it some thought. I'll be brief. I'd
like to see us somehow in one of the Priorities—I think the Built Environment is
the most logical one—call out housing and mention it explicitly. I don't think
housing should be its own Priority, but I think it should be listed as a sub kind
of emphasis of one of the existing Priorities. If there's a good fit in Healthy
City/Healthy Community, that might be a good place to do that. We might
want to consider airplane noise or something like that there as well, just as an
indication to the community this is something that we take seriously and that
we want to address, and we want to kind of make sure we don't lose sight of it
moving forward.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think Jim's comments about a lot of our problems
being caused by success is accurate. Again, I think we want this to remain a
great place to live. I think we need to listen to the feedback we get in the
surveys and that kind of thing. Again, I think the idea of focusing on things
that are under our control is a great way to think about ranking these projects.

                                                                            Page 34 of 86
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 01/30/16
