                           TRANSCRIPT
fact, if I understand it correct, it is very low. What I'm looking for is instead
of just a blanket issuance of nonresident parking, perhaps some, as I said,
economic motivation to get people on public transport. I think if it makes
economic sense, that people will find a way to get there via public transport.
For those that say that public transport doesn't work for them, I think it
doesn't work for them because it's perhaps a bit harder than driving and
then parking right next to my house or my neighbors' houses. Thanks for
your time.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.           Next speaker is Ben Cintz, to be
followed by Louise Beattie.

Ben Cintz: Good afternoon, Council Members. I have lived in Palo Alto for
most of my life. My office is in Palo Alto. I am a member of the stakeholder
group for Downtown RPP, and reduction was never a part of what was
agreed to by the stakeholder group. Legislating a forced reduction of RPP
employee permits at this time is premature for many reasons. I will address
two of those reasons. The lack of data to support such a decision and the
extreme difficulty in changing such legislation in the future. The Planning
Department acknowledged in its presentation to the City Council in
December 14, 2015, that the proposed 200 permit per year reduction was a
very simplified analysis. Staff hypothesized that decrease in RPP employee
permits over time in recognition of the off-street parking supply, both public
and private, will be expected to meet the demand for parking in Downtown
Palo Alto. Staff proceeded to state again this is simplified. There are other
factors that must be taken into account.          Council should not require
reduction in the Resolution based on anything less than a careful analysis
which to date has not occurred. If the Planning Department was directed to
analyze a reduction after the December 14th meeting, I am aware of no
additional data or analysis to support legislating a 10 percent forced
reduction. Also, I am not aware of any data of how the forced reductions
would impact SOFA employees who are limited to purchasing parking
permits in only three of the City's Downtown garages and none of the lots.
The fact that the vote today must be unanimous is another reason that
forced reductions should not be legislated today. Once a forced reduction is
legislated, any change to that provision in the foreseeable future will require
a unanimous vote. In other words, a single Council Member could effectively
veto any changes supported by a majority of the Council. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid:        Thank you.     Next speaker is Louise Beattie,
followed by Peter Stone.

Louise Beattie: Hello. I'm Louise Beattie, and I've lived in Palo Alto on
Hamilton in Crescent Park for about 33 years. The parking problem was

                                                                          Page 31 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
