                           TRANSCRIPT
through the middle of a residential community, there's really a benefit for
the City. We do not have that. There are not other alternatives around. All
of a sudden, to have a vision of being able to go to the Baylands, to
Midtown, to California Avenue, to the Stanford Research Park, to the
Foothills, off-road is a safer alternative for kids, for joggers, for older people.
It's a wonderful addition to the City and an opportunity. I guess I like the
way you're doing it, very carefully, starting out with several segments,
especially the ones that might connect to the Baylands, seeing if it works,
how it works with the Water District paying most of the bill. I would be
supportive of moving ahead with your first hybrid recommendation.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: ... me go way back for a minute. I'm going to guess
the only one here who might remember the Bryant Bike Path at the
beginning is Bob Moss. Anybody else you can think of, Bob? When that bike
path first started way back when, the streets on either side of it were the
streets that were left open and Bryant was closed. There was a great outcry
about that. That's been a long time. Bryant works very well and, I think,
probably everybody in this community has ridden Bryant at one time or
another. Just to mention, it was extremely controversial at the time. There
weren't bike paths. I don't remember what year it was but sometime in the
'80s. If you now fast forward to what we're talking about now, I find myself
with Cory on this, having trouble with the creek. As I said, full disclosure, I
was on the County Board when this was voted in. We made some visits to
it. I think in that length of time—thank you to the gentleman who brought
very illustrative pictures tonight about how one looks versus the other. I'm
continuing to have trouble with the creek aspect of it. I don't think I could
articulate it more than you did tonight, Cory. It troubles me, and I would
truly be more comfortable going back to the Loma Verde. Let me also ask—
one of the things that another audience member asked tonight, Sherrie
Furman said, "What happened to East Meadow?" Did you look at East
Meadow? Did you consider that more thoroughly than, again, probably a
slightly wider street.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: They just didn't give much attention to it. Pat's
reminding me it's still part of the plan, but it's not what we've really
discussed extensively. I'm looking at this right now. I see Colorado. I see
Loma Verde.


                                                                           Page 48 of 116
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/20/16
