                            TRANSCRIPT
our commuter population, more of the growing workers commute each day,
some by car, but going to communities with much lower standards. What is
the net energy loss that we might be facing by having a Code that is more
expensive than our neighbors'?

Mr. Pirnejad: Let me describe it this way. We're talking about to build a
house in Palo Alto will cost you roughly about $1 million. We're talking ...

Council Member Schmid: No, the land would cost a lot, but building the
house is some small percentage of that.

Mr. Pirnejad: If it's ...

Mayor Burt: I think that's what he means.

Mr. Pirnejad: Typically if you're able to build your house for $300 a square
foot—the architects in our community are saying it's north of that—you're
talking about hundreds of thousands if not half a million or more dollars to
build a house. We're talking about $5,000-$10,000 worth of work. We're
not talking about ...

Council Member Schmid:        Multifamily, you were talking about in the
hundreds of thousands.

Mr. Pirnejad: We can—no, not even that. I can explain. We're talking ...

Mayor Burt: Let me just clarify. I want to make sure the communication is
clear. I believe that Peter was referring to single-family homes adding
$5,000-$10,000.

Mr. Pirnejad: Let's get into the actual numbers. It's a fraction of the cost of
construction.

Mr. Farahmand: Our estimates—these are for relatively simple, easy to
implement measures. For a single-family home, about $1,200. This is all,
by the way, in the executive summary table. This is a full-page table.
About $1,200 for a single-family home, about $3,200 for a multifamily
home, and about $7,500 for an average nonresidential building.

Mayor Burt:     Can you repeat your first number?     Did you say $1,200 or
$12,000?

Mr. Farahmand: $1,200.

Mr. Pirnejad: It would cost $1,200 to do the improvements that we're
proposing tonight on a single-family home.
                                                                        Page 92 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
