                          TRANSCRIPT
out a comprehensive approach that results in real local reductions in the use
of natural gas. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Bret Andersen to be followed by John Kelley.

Bret Andersen:       Good evening, Council Members.          My name is Bret
Andersen, from Carbon Free Palo Alto. I want to add onto what Bruce said
regarding our brief that was sent to you prior to this evening. Our objection
to the Plan is really as a standalone plan. Offsets might be useful as a
bridge if there is a specific and recognizable path off of those offsets and off
of gas in the ultimate goal. We're asking ratepayers potentially to pay, if we
look at a four percent increase, about $1.2 million per year from our gas.
We may be paying for allowances, from what I heard earlier this evening,
perhaps half a million per year just for the gas portfolio. If we're not making
investments congruent to that on the electrification and the path off of gas, I
don't think we can credibly just offer an offsets program without some
linkage to funding efforts to get us off the gas itself. That represents money
that's leaving our community and not being reinvested in our homes for the
comfort and the real benefits that we get from higher efficiency as well as
higher functionality but also we're not investing in our own electric
infrastructure, which we need going forward in an electric future. We need
that functionality; we need the additional storage from electric vehicles; we
need the additional electric loads that are provided by the heat pumps as
well as other electric appliances that may replace the gas appliances. The
other financing aspect of this is that anything that reduces the gas use—that
could be insulation and it could be other ways to save, weather stripping,
new windows. These are upgrades to the home that also have an impact on
the use of the natural gas, so that reduces the load required for the gas, but
it also reduces the load when we convert to electric. All of those items can
be financed, the upfront costs, using our own utility, which provides the
benefits of financing on the bill, making it easy for customers to choose
those measures and basically addressing the barriers that have historically
inhibited investment in efficiency and electrification that would otherwise be
cost effective or profitable in the long term for customers. With our own
utility, we have a very big advantage in moving forward aggressively to
introduce with any kind of an offset program an actual electrification
program that gives people real, local choices to improve their own comfort
and efficiency at home. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is John Kelley, to be followed by
Don McDougall.

John Kelley: Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff, Council Members. I think
Council Member Kniss really asked a good question, which is what is the

                                                                          Page 34 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
