                          TRANSCRIPT
but it won't really save us much because we have a policy that allows five
members of the public to combine for 10 minutes. In this case with so many
speaker cards, we would be limiting each speaker to two minutes. We're not
saving anything by letting people combine. What we would do is continue to
have the public hearing open to the next date that we will be rescheduling it
for. I don't know, Mr. City Manager, if that's firm on when we can continue
the Item to or not.

James Keene, City Manager: I'd be uncomfortable nailing down the date.
We had some flexibility on your next meeting on the 25th, but we pulled off
that other Item tonight. I think you and I just need to talk about that
tomorrow. We'll get the word out.

Mayor Burt: We'll be getting back to the public on the continuation date.
What we will do is have members of the public who wish to speak tonight,
can do so. If members of the public would like to withhold their comments
until the next meeting, they can choose to do that but not to speak at both
meetings that are essentially the same hearing, I should say. Mr. Keene.

Mr. Keene: By Palo Alto standards, it's not even very late. It must be
getting late. I forgot the fact that if we do not this evening specify the date
on which we'll come back, we'll actually have to re-notice the meeting. I
may over the next half hour just try to look at what the schedule is.

Mayor Burt: We'll see what happens as we go forward. Let's return to the
presentation by our Staff. Ms. French.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official: Good evening, Mayor and Council
Members. Amy French, Chief Planning Official. I'm the designated Staff
processing all of the single story overlays that come before you. This shows
you the single story overlays in town of late. You've adopted two of them,
Los Arbores 83 homes, Greer Park 72 homes. Fair Court is scheduled—
that's 50 homes—for next week's Commission hearing. All of the tracts of
Greer Park, Royal Manor and Fair Court are within the flood zone. This
means that a higher finished floor and a taller maximum height are allowed
for new homes. This slide indicates the zoning districts within Royal Manor.
There's two of them; 18 percent of the homes are in the smaller lot
category, and 82 percent are in the larger lot, that is 7,000 square feet or
greater. The proposed Royal Manor boundary encompasses 202 1950s
Eichler homes. The last of the tract, the 203rd home, is 1068 Loma Verde,
and that's a two-story, non-Eichler that was built in the 1960s. It was
excluded from the single story proposal because it is not of similar age,
design and character as the remaining homes that are forming this
identifiable Eichler neighborhood where 90 percent of the homes are one

                                                                         Page 60 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
