                          TRANSCRIPT
When you look at the Colleagues Memo—actually Council Member Burt was
the one who really pointed this out to me. I do think it's broader than that.
I think it would be good to start there. At least if we have new Council
Members, it's clear on that.

Council Member Wolbach: If we wanted to add something saying starting
with technologies which collect potentially personally identifiable information,
I'd be fine with (crosstalk) that.

Vice Mayor Scharff:   I think we should say that Policy and Services
Committee should focus on technology that creates personally identifiable
information.

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine with me.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “with a focus on technology
that collects personally identifiable information.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I support the Motion in general. I think the issue
has been clearly stated that technologies are proliferating. The concern
about security is showing up at every level of government, starting with
constitutional issues, but at the Federal level, the State level, the County
level, the City level.    It's showing up in business, how they conduct
themselves. One of the things that I've heard from the Public Safety over
the years is whenever there is an issue and a meeting, the first statement of
Public Safety is we need trust and support from the residents, from the
people. The first step in building that trust and confidence, the sharing of
information is the fact that people are confident in the way information is
gathered and used appropriately. I think of all those levels of government
that are dealing with this issue, the cities are the most critical because there
is the place where enforcement takes place, there is the place where the
concern of citizens is best met. I guess I like the City policy on video that's
on Packet Page 250. It's a good example of the City looking at the details of
how to gather information, what information is gathered, what controls on it,
what the process is and procedures are investigating. What we're adding
here is an element that review by people in a public setting about the
security and safety of that information. I'm happy to support the motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.         Council Member Wolbach, did you
have some—go ahead?


                                                                          Page 64 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
