                         TRANSCRIPT
are just really easy for them to implement. We want to provide benefits to
scale, and the Eco Pass is a great example of how we were able to do that.
We want to facilitate partnerships, such as we're doing with the commuter
bus pilot and also leverage local and regional systems, especially public
transit. There are a few things that would help us be even more effective at
what we're trying to do. One of these would be to increase frequency of
Caltrain service at the California Avenue station. This station is 2 miles
closer to us than the Downtown station. Additional service there would
provide our employees with more options, and it would also allow us to
operate a very efficient shuttle system and get people to work faster. We
would also like to work to enhance the Dumbarton Express service. There's
a lot of unrealized potential on this service. Right now it is hamstrung by
the lack of parking along the route. The Ardenwood Park and Ride lot in
Fremont fills up by 6:30 A.M. in the morning. What happens is on the
Dumbarton buses, the first three are standing room only, and then the ones
that come in later, there's a lot of unused capacity.            That's a lost
opportunity. It's important to note the Dumbarton 1 comes directly to the
Research Park. The main Dumbarton line comes to Downtown. Wendy
Silvani and I have already talked about ways for the TMA and the Research
Park to work together to improve this service to benefit both of our
populations. We look forward to seeing bike share expanded so that it can
become a useful network for our employees, and particularly bringing some
bike share stations into the Research Park. We think this is going to provide
another valuable connection to Caltrain. It will be very flexible for people.
They won't be tied to a shuttle schedule. They can use these bikes to come
and go as they need. Also a fun way for them to get around on midday
trips. We'd also like the opportunity to work on improving bicycle and
pedestrian access. My Bicycle Champions are a very hearty group. Even
they say there's work that needs to be done. If we want to be able to reach
the people who are more casual bicyclists, draw new people in, we've got to
make it safe and easy for them to bicycle to work. In addition to that, we've
identified some other keys to successful TDM in the Research Park. First is
to maintain flexibility. There is a tremendous amount going on in the
transportation world right now. There's changing demographics. There's
new technologies.       There's apps.     There's on-demand transportation.
There's autonomous cars. So much going on that it's hard to envision the
transportation environment that we may have in 10 years. The Research
Park employers are uniquely positioned to capitalize on this. We just need
to have the flexibility to continue to do that. The other thing is customized
solutions. TDM is not one-size-fits-all. We very much need to be able to
customize programs for our specific employees and to capitalize on the
environment that we do have. We also need the opportunity to experiment
with new programs. I mentioned the $1 Scoop promotion. One of the
things that's interesting is that gives people a lot of incentive to ride. We
                                                                        Page 14 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
