                          TRANSCRIPT
clear separation of the commuter subsidies, giving away free passes to
people outside of Palo Alto, from the General Fund money. What I liked with
the Stanford model was they were much more of an umbrella organization,
coordination. They were paying the coordination fees. They're running the
Marguerite. They're running the bike share. They're not buying passes for
private companies. That kind of concerned me a little bit. More generally,
again what we're talking about now, I think, is a general transportation tax.
I don't think we're talking about a tax for all of Palo Alto to pay for the
Downtown TMA only. I think we should be clear about that. I'd like to
clarify my other comment. Again, it was much more of a long-term
comment. I think you're right; for the initial tax, it should be very clear, if
we go that way, that there's a tax and it's dedicated for this use. My only
point was over a longer term, 7, 8, 9, years, whatever it is, we may actually
be seeing a shift. That may be a replacement for business sales tax. I'm
not sure how you structure taxes, because I haven't gone through that
before. If the initial tax at this level is dedicated to transportation, great.
I'm just saying we should realize at some point in the future, if we want to
increase that tax, that additional increase may actually need to go in the
General Fund to replace other funding.

Mayor Burt: Have to go back to voters.

Council Member DuBois: Of course. As Chair of the Policy and Services
Committee, I'd like to actually see it go to Policy and Services just to shape
the polling requirements, which I think is the most time critical piece. I
think we could have a shot at making the timing. I think we could do that
very quickly.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Kind of following up a little bit on Council Member
Wolbach's comments, let me know if I'm missing something. We seem to be
letting the timing dictate the policy. We haven't decided—just give me one
second. Unless we're really just talking about doing a poll as a piece of
information to use in discussing the different options, then that I'm okay
with as long as there's an understanding amongst everybody including the
community that this is far from a decision that we have made. It's just that
we want to get more information to see what options are even viable. I
think it's really important that we describe it in that way or else folks are
going to hear that we're polling on a business license or whatever we call it.
That's going to freak people out when there's been no conversation about
that at all. I think we need to be really clear that that is just so we can get
information to have part of a broader discussion about the different options.
That's probably the only way I'd be comfortable going along with anything at

                                                                         Page 86 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
