                         TRANSCRIPT
we fail to reach agreement, that paragraph in the Ordinance is effectively
moot. It wouldn't come into play. If we can reach an agreement and that
paragraph becomes operable, CPI would have to notify the City by the end
of 2021 if they were going to elect this incentive plan and move out of town
by the date of 2031.

Mayor Burt: Director Gitelman, when you just said CPI would move, the
plating shop would move or CPI would?

Ms. Gitelman: The plating shop. Forgive me. Plating shop. In terms of
next steps, we hope that you will take public comment this evening; you'll
consider and adopt on first reading the Hazardous Materials Ordinance which
implements the changes we've talked about that creates this Tier Two and
the nonconforming situation at CPI; and that you will also consider and
adopt on first reading this second version of the Amortization Ordinance,
recognizing that as we indicated in our transmittal memo last week, these
discussions or negotiations between the parties are still ongoing and that
provision would be moot if the negotiations do not bear fruit. After tonight,
the Staff will continue discussions with representatives of CPI and the
neighbors. We hope to be able to bring back to you concurrent with the
second reading of both of the Ordinances the terms of an agreement.
Before we go to questions and public comments, I was going to offer the
City Attorney if she wanted to bat cleanup here and if there's anything else
she wanted to mention. Molly?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Director Gitelman. Mayor Burt,
Council Members, City Attorney Molly Stump. I have nothing to add to the
thorough presentation. We are here to answer your questions and assist
you to consider the two Ordinances. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. First, we'll give the Council an opportunity to ask
any technical questions that they may have. It's not a period for comments,
but just clarifying questions. We'll then move to the public for those
comments. I don't yet have speaker cards. Maybe they're coming through
the Clerk. I encourage anyone who wishes to speak to come forward and
place a card. Our first Council Member is Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. Thanks for the Staff
Report that I thought was very thorough and the work (inaudible) but the
work that everyone has done that seems to really be bringing all parties
together hopefully. The only question I have is I couldn't remember why we
chose 300 feet as the distance. I know that was something that Council had
set last time. I didn't go back and look at the minutes from the last
meeting. Do you remember why we set 300 feet as the distance?

                                                                       Page 27 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/29/16
