                          TRANSCRIPT
Anthropologie is exiting the site across the street, they have no further
interest in this property. I want to run through just a couple of the points
we make in our letters. Staff's recommendation for denial of the waiver is
based on the erroneous assumption that our client must have suffered a
total economic loss of this property. This is not a claim for a complete
regulatory taking where the property has been rendered valueless. Our
client's request is that a waiver due to economic hardship be granted,
because the continued imposition of this moratorium on the property results
in severe economic loss and a diminution in the property's value, which
thereby effectuates a partial taking. This isn't about profit. This isn't about
how much profit the tenant can make. Right now, there's absolutely no
value that's being derived from this property with an extensive amount of
carrying costs that continue to mount. Again, I would request that you
decline to adopt Staff's recommendation and instead grant this waiver this
evening for a property that's located on the fringe of the Downtown core
with some really, really unique circumstances. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Benjamin Cintz, to be followed
by Leonard Ely. Welcome.

Benjamin Cintz: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members and Staff. I
grew up and live in Palo Alto. I have seen many changes in retail, both
retail going up and retail going down, in the years I've lived in Palo Alto. I'd
like to address the interim Ordinance, my thoughts on that and also on the
waiver requests at least as to 100 Addison and as to 3241 Park. I think
what the City did by enacting the interim ordinance is give itself some
flexibility in trying to figure out what needs to be done. I think that was a
very good move. When looking at Alma Street, there is very little foot traffic
outside of the core area. I think you see that in terms of what's happened
with North Face, what's happened with Anthropologie and, of course, there's
100 Addison as well. I think if the City wants real retail or quality retail, it
needs to realistically look at where that retail is going to be. It needs to be
in the Downtown core where it's always been. The SOFA area was either the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic or automotive use. The automotive use has gone
away. The Clinic has gone away. On Alma Street where there isn't much
foot traffic outside of the core, it's not realistic to expect retail. It's not
realistic to expect retail at 100 Addison to be able to be viable. You're not
going to get quality retail if you get anything. As to the Park, it's a
compelling argument. Here's a local business; they've acquired a property.
This seems like a perfect use for that property. I ride my bicycle by that
property—I won't say daily but often. There's no retail around it. It just
really seems like it would be a perfect use. I request that the Council
seriously consider granting the waivers based upon the circumstances, which

                                                                        Page 68 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
