                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Struve: On the notice, it is under Number 6. The notice was generally
included as Attachment B. Not all of the items, however, because some of
them were already existing requirements, so those were separately listed in
the Staff Report.

Council Member DuBois:     But the suggested Staff Motion would be the five
items in Tier 1?

Mr. Bobel: Yeah. Those five items, though, we reference the attachment to
the Staff Report. Therefore, this longer list is included. Sorry. It's a little
bit confusing. Yes, by adopting the Staff recommendations, you're adopting
those five points, but you're also adopting the more detailed—the details
which were in, I believe it was Attachment B which is now this one-pager
that we've handed out. There is a requirement that the flow be metered.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Just a quick question. I can't remember if this
came up at Policy and Services. Does Staff have a sense of what the cost of
the geotechnical study might be? Is that going to just vary widely based on
the circumstance or is there kind of an estimate as to ...

Mr. Bobel: I think it's going to be several tens of thousands of dollars. It's
not going to be cheap.

Council Member Berman: Several tens of thousands of dollars. Every home
that wants to build a basement will be responsible, so this isn't small. This
isn't inconsequential.

Mr. Bobel: It's not inconsequential.

Council Member Berman: Got it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: All right. At this time we have, I think, eight members of the
public. If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to bring their card up at
this time. We will give members of the public up to three minutes to speak,
but we're already behind schedule and we have another Agenda item that's
going to have extensive public participation tonight. If you don't need your
full three minutes, we would welcome you being as succinct as you can. The
first speaker is Robert Moss, to be followed by Keith Bennett. Welcome.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. For many
years, I've been touring homes that have been put up for sale to see what
they look like, especially in Barron Park and neighborhoods near us. I
noticed in the last seven or eight years new homes tended to have

                                                                        Page 44 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
