                         TRANSCRIPT
people begin to express through art what's on their mind, what's going on.
There's no healing to be had until you can begin to express. They're very
excited about this. Their big challenge is how do they spread that out across
the country, how do they build this continuum of care. Working with the VA,
and I know we have a VA presence right here in the area, that is one strong
area where we see the arts touching our lives in a way, again, that's not
really intuitive for a lot of people. Here's another way that's not really
intuitive to people: arts as an industry. Arts are a business in this country.
We did a big national study on the economic impact of nonprofit arts and
culture organizations and their audiences. This one we published in 2012.
What we found nationally, the nonprofit arts and culture industry, a $135
billion industry, that's billion with a "B," across the country. Now not just
big national numbers, we can bring it down locally here. You can see data
there for Santa Clara County, a $167 million industry, $105 million in
spending by the arts organizations, and an additional $62 million in spending
by arts audiences. Think of the last time you went to see a show or an
exhibit or something. You probably went out for dinner first maybe and paid
for parking and went out for dessert or drinks afterwards. If you've got little
ones at home, you double the cost of the evening on babysitting. So lots of
economic activity. We did 1,400 audience interviews right here in the area.
The typical attendee spends $22.87 per person per event not including the
cost of admission. Also interestingly, 26 percent of the attendees come from
outside the county to attend that arts event. We actually asked those non-
local attendees a question which was why are you here. Are you here on
business? Are you here visiting friends and family? 69 percent said, "We
came specifically for this arts event." That's why we say a vibrant arts
community, good for local merchants. Talk to your local restaurateurs.
They know when there's great cultural events going on. Another economic
way that we look at the arts is the creative economy. We hear this a lot.
Another way we've captured the arts industry in Santa Clara County is
looking at both the nonprofit and for-profit arts businesses using Dun &
Bradstreet data. Dun & Bradstreet is the most comprehensive and trusted
source for business information in the United States. Working with our
researchers, we pulled out all the arts businesses. Nationally, 702,000 arts
businesses. Right here in the county, you can see 4,423 arts businesses,
nonprofit, theaters, museums, ballet companies, but also for-profit film,
architecture, design. 4.1 percent of all businesses in the county are arts-
centric businesses involved in the creation or the distribution of the arts.
Just one more lens that we think about when we make that investment in
the arts, we're investing in businesses that employ people. Actually you can
see those 4,423 arts businesses employ over 16,000 people. It's a much
bigger industry than most people think of. I'm moving quickly here, but this
is just fodder for discussion and conversation afterwards. Also let me just
take a moment real quick. Each of you in your packet have this handy little
                                                                         Page 3 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
