                           TRANSCRIPT
      in the San Antonio/West Bayshore Area), 16.47 (Approval of Projects
      With Impacts on Housing), 16.57 (In-Lieu Parking Fee for new
      Nonresidential Development in the Commercial Downtown (CD) Zoning
      District), 16.58 (Development Impact Fees), 16.59 (Citywide
      Transportation Impact Fee), 16.60 (Charleston Arastradero Corridor
      Pedestrian and Bicyclist Safety Impact Fee), 16.61 (Public Art for
      Private Developments), 16.64 (Development Fee and In-Lieu Payment
      Administration); and Title 21 (Subdivisions and Other Divisions of
      Land), Chapter 21.50 (Parkland Dedication or Fee In-Lieu Thereof),
      and Finding the Action Exempt From Review Under the California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

Mayor Burt: Our final item is a public hearing, a Finance Committee
recommendation that the Council adopt an Ordinance updating the
procedure for collection of impact fees and various amendments to the
Municipal Code in Title 16. I will not read off the entire title, but it's there in
the report. Is the City Attorney's Office taking the lead on this? Is that
right, Cara?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Actually, Sherry's going to give
the Staff Report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Sherry Nikzat, Senior Management Analyst: Hi. My name's Sherry Nikzat.
I'm the Senior Management Analyst with the Planning and Community
Environment Department. Honorable Members of the Council, tonight we're
coming to you with the Finance Committee recommendation for
amendments to the Municipal Code, which will update and standardize the
collection of impact fees. This could be construed as sort of a procedural
Code cleanup. Generally speaking, impact fees have been adopted by
Council as the need has been identified. The new Municipal Code has been
introduced at that time. An unintended consequence has been an overly
complicated process to administer these funds.          The purpose of the
recommended changes tonight are to provide uniformity amongst rate
calculations; to provide uniformity among the fees for inflationary
adjustments; to improve the administration of these funds. In other words,
to make the program fee computations so we can put them in our permitting
system and retain the information properly. To create uniform payment
timing; and to clarify ambiguous Code language, things like Quimby versus
Park Impacts and things to clarify the Code language. Lastly, to implement
uniform protest procedures per the Mitigation Fee Act. As I mentioned
earlier, impact fees were often established with their own Code, which may
have made sense at the time, but they sometimes included requirements for

                                                                            Page 79 of 90
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 11/7/16
