                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Then the question is do we have Infrastructure
remain as a Priority or does it just drop off the list.

Council Member Schmid: Your amendment is to add those but to drop
Infrastructure from the list?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. From a communication perspective, I don't
think it belongs in the Built Environment. I'm willing to see what others
think on that.

Council Member Schmid: I'm willing to accept that.

Mayor Burt: Seconder?

Council Member Kniss: Yes (inaudible).

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add at the end of Part 1 of
the Motion, “Mobility, with a particular emphasis on Mobility” and add to the
Motion, “Infrastructure.” (New Part B)

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Could the motion as amended be clarified then?

Council Member Dubois: It could be housing, parking, livability.

Council Member Holman: With a particular emphasis on mobility, and then
you'd drop Number 2. Right?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. My (inaudible) is Infrastructure is different.
I would leave it as its own Priority.

Council Member Holman: Infrastructure then gets dropped down as its own
Priority the way it was originally, the way it was last year. That's what your
intention is with the amendment?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, if they're willing to accept that.

Council Member Holman: You have a second with ...

Council Member Kniss: (crosstalk) he wants Infrastructure as Number 2.

Council Member Holman: Yeah. That's what I think the amendment is
intending. My comments. If I'm completely understanding, I think I'm in
support of that. I think it accomplishes what Greg Scharff is trying to

                                                                           Page 45 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
