                         TRANSCRIPT
dream act. I've worked the last five years in East Palo Alto with women who
have been living in the shadows, so their children might succeed in a world
that's very competitive. Last but not least, I am but one generation away
from a Holocaust survivor. We must do something, and we must do it at the
local level, and we must be loud. Thank you for considering this resolution.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jerry Schwarz to be followed by Lisa Craig.

Jerry Schwarz: I am in complete support of the spirit of this resolution and
of the thoughts that go in it. I would like to see some concrete action
behind this. I have two ideas, both of which should probably go to Staff in
some form. Santa Clara County last week began the process of adopting
procedures to support immigrants in legal cases or in deportation cases. I
was at that meeting, and there was some mention of cooperation with cities,
specifically with San Jose. I'd like to see some Motion towards cooperation
with Palo Alto. I don't know what form that would take, but I'd like to see it
investigated. The other thing I'm concerned about is bigoted graffiti. I don't
know what procedures are in place in Palo Alto for dealing with that kind of
thing. Many years ago I reported some scribblings on a sidewalk, and they
were cleaned up in a week or two. If that's happening again, I'm pretty sure
there's graffiti appearing; although, I don't have any specific incidents. I
think it would need some attention to make sure that that kind of graffiti
gets cleaned up. I'm sure there are lots of other things that people can
think of. I'd like to see some direction to Staff to look at actions that can
support this Memo besides just the good words.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Lisa Craig to be followed by Kari Barclay.

Lisa Craig: Good evening, City Council. Thank you for your time. My name
is Lisa Craig. I'm a Barron Park resident. I'm here with my colleague, Kari
Barclay, from Stanford Sanctuary Now. We've been working to try to build a
bridge from Stanford through Palo Alto to East Palo Alto and create a
sanctuary region. We'd like to extend that out to Menlo Park. We know
there's a movement there and in Redwood City. We'd like you to consider
not only supporting this Memo but also supporting the notion of becoming a
sanctuary city and reaffirming our commitment to that movement and
bridging out to other communities to, again, try to create a region of safety
for our community, where people are feeling very threatened and children
are concerned about their parents disappearing. Again, this political climate
is very concerning. I think January would be a great time to declare
ourselves a sanctuary city. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Kari Barclay to be followed by Sarah Almond Pike.


                                                                       Page 100 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
