                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Now do you want to speak to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do. I think the important part for the Council—I'd
appreciate if you'd help me out on this as much as possible. When we put
this Motion together, to go in and add things to it, to have Staff look at stuff.
I think the more we look at a positive scenario in here, the more we can
show the community that we as a Council can have a vision for quality of
life, the better of the community will be, the more trust we'll have in the
community, and the less this will be a zero sum game. If we increase more
housing, we have an impact on the schools. Come up with housing units
that have less impact on the schools. Come up with housing units where
people are not in their cars. Think about the impacts, and come up with a
mitigated scenario that is positive for Palo Alto. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Was I up next and also speaking to my second?
Both?

Mayor Burt: Yes. Because a number of Council Members haven't been able
to speak to the topic in general, I'll go ahead and encourage Council
Members to do both, speak to the Motion and to add their broader
comments.

Council Member DuBois: I have some general comments, and then I had
some potential amendments.

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, thanks for the presentation. I think a
lot of these charts were useful. I think there's a danger in sometimes we're
looking at a short part of the curve. When you really look at a longer part,
some of the curves are accelerating where we're actually getting into an
even worse situation than it appears. I actually had similar comments to
Council Member Scharff's, like what is our goal. I agree that jobs/housing is
really a proxy. I think several people said it's a proxy. I think it's a proxy
for the impacts that people are feeling living here. I disagree that it's just
about traffic impacts. It's more than that. Ultimately, I think what we're
talking about is a bigger picture of where we want Palo Alto to be. Do we
want to be a commuter city and become even more of a commuter city?
What does that look like? Do we want to be something else? Even if we're
able to handle all the traffic, I think this jobs/housing proxy is really about
what kind of City are we. I'd like to see a scenario—one thing we haven't
really talked about is Downtown. How big of an employment center do we
want Downtown to be? What kind of companies would we like to see there?
                                                                          Page 50 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
