                          TRANSCRIPT
remember, we brought to you our electric vehicle ordinance. We brought
last year our Reach Code for our Energy Code. She's been instrumental in
all that as well as developing the outreach efforts, the education efforts, all
of our training documentation, our inspection guidelines, our plan check
guidelines, all the documents and forms that people fill out in the field and at
the front counter at the Development Center. She's been a major part of
this. In the crowd, we have Evon Ballash, our Assistant Chief Building
Official, here to also just show good faith. If you have any questions, we
can bring her onboard as well. With that, let me take you through a quick
outline. We're going to go through the scope of the Energy Ordinance. We'll
give you a brief background about Palo Alto. We'll go over some of our
awards, our Zero Net Energy roadmap that we developed last year and that
we're continuing to chip away at. Our Energy Reach Code Ordinance
proposed changes, which is the fundamental piece of what we're asking
tonight. These are amendments to Part 6, Title 24. That's what we'll be
talking hopefully at length in. Then a future policy, priorities. After we've
concluded with this, the big fish to fry remains. We'll get into what that fish
is. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Ed to give us a little bit about the
global context of these efforts before you tonight.

Ed Mazria, Architecture 2030: Thank you for inviting me. It's a pleasure to
be here in Palo Alto. You actually are playing a very important role globally
in a problem that's plaguing us all around the planet. In December, 200
countries at the COP 21 in Paris agreed to a framework and came to
agreement on keeping global average temperature rise above preindustrial
levels to well below two degrees Celsius, really shooting for 1.5 degrees
Celsius as a maximum. The reason for this is that once you go past two
degrees Celsius, the planet keeps on warming. Climate change becomes
essentially irreversible. If you keep planetary warming below two degrees
Celcius (C )(inaudible) saying about 1.5 degrees C if we want to have a high
probability of not passing two degrees C, then the planet will then come
back to the climate that we've always known. In order to do that, we have
to phase out CO2 emissions in the power sector, essentially fossil fuel
emissions, by about mid-century, roughly. That's why you hear all of these
countries pledging to 80 by '50 or 0 by '50. That's the reason, to keep
climate change in check. We know that about 75 percent of all greenhouse
gas emissions globally comes from cities. That's why you see a huge push
now at the city level to reduce emissions. They're really the key player, and
buildings are an important part of cities, and cities have actual control over
their buildings, which is why you see a huge emphasis on cities and
buildings. About a month and a half ago, 13 cities met, who have high
ambitions, met to talk about the 80 by '50, 0 by '50 and even interim goals
below that, met to talk about ways to get there. That was a select group of
leading cities. I'll just tell you who was there. New York City, London,
                                                                         Page 85 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
