                         TRANSCRIPT
about one of the real, somewhat unintended benefits of the Residential
Permit Parking program. In the past, we had a lot of discussions in the
community about reducing parking requirements. The only place that we've
really done it significantly was what Council Member Kniss spoke about,
which is Alma Place, which is single-room occupancy. We're talking all now
about these micro units, and we have a real great project built by Palo Alto
Housing Corp. right on Alma. It is reduced parking. I went in there a month
or two ago. The reduced parking was not quite full, but the bike rack was
overflowed. They didn't have enough bike rack parking for the bike demand.
Isn't that crazy? Anyway, that kind of model is one that we can have going
forward. If we either don't allow commercial or residential to purchase those
RPP permits or if we find out that we in the long term can't do that, we have
to remember we've already got a program for cutting back the number of
RPP permits to be sold each year. It wouldn't be quite as good, but I think
we can manage this either way. We basically always had the community
pushback that said if you reduce the parking requirement onsite, it's just
going to externalize the impact, and it's going to spill over into my
neighborhood.     This is why we could never do it, and it wasn't an
unreasonable concern. If a developer has to own the consequences of the
parking that they provide and for that matter in order to get this bonus, we
say they actually have to have a full suite of Transportation Demand
Management programs; they have to decouple parking meeting; you rent
your apartment and, if you're one of the one in three tenants who also wants
to rent a parking spot, then you do that separately. I think we'll have a lot
of today's demographic who says, "Wait a minute. If I have a Zipcar and I
have a shared electric bike there and I have a rail pass that's already
provided to me and I live Downtown, I don't want a car. If I ever want to go
somewhere other than a Zipcar, I get Uber. Why do I want a car and why
do I want to pay for that?" We have a big portion of an emerging population
who's already functioning that way. I had a discussion with a residential
developer about this model and asked, even within our 50-foot height limit,
under these conditions, would this be attractive to develop. His answer was
yes. I was glad to hear it. Frankly I didn't know whether it would or
wouldn't be attractive. We have this final issue of what scenarios do we
study. I think that we actually want—Scenario 5 has less job growth, and
then it has a range of amounts of housing growth. I think that we definitely
want to study the less job growth for a whole variety of reasons. We don't
solve this problem by continuing to have jobs grow at the rate we grow
housing, even if we increase our rate of growth of housing. Anybody who
keeps claiming that we can do both is not being realistic. We've got to slow
down the job growth. We hear all these moans and groans from folks that
somehow it'll harm this economy by not being the highest jobs/housing
imbalance in the country, which is what we are. Council Member Schmid
reminds us of that. That's a really striking statistic. You think about in The
                                                                      Page 102 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
