                          TRANSCRIPT
Cubberley Community Center, and we rent our offices on San Antonio Road
and are currently in the process of considering being bounced from both of
them, given certain economic realities here in Palo Alto. I can talk about
that in a minute. One anecdotal story about traffic. I remember when I
moved up here in 1999. Being a lifelong Angeleno, I though driving here
was going to be cake because people drove like just complete wimps up
here. I was from Los Angeles (LA), and we knew how to drive. Let me just
tell you, people up here are driving like maniacs now. I don't know if you've
noticed. Either it's getting worse or I'm getting soft. I just wanted to
communicate that I think this group exists in a tension. I think we have too
many in the group to have a very engaging conversation. The meetings are
run very well. Arthur and Dan are hamstrung, I think, by what's being
asked of them. I think the Staff do an excellent job giving us what we need.
Primarily when we meet as a group—this is echoed from what Annette and
some others might have said—we throw our thoughts out there, and we
have an opportunity to speak, but we don't have enough of an opportunity
to grapple, to really like, "What are you really saying?" and "How are those
different from what I think and how are those different from the other
people who have spoken?" I would like to see more of that; I don't know if
it's possible, but I believe it would make the process more impactful. I've
not served on a subcommittee yet, but it feels almost impossible to do deep
dives. I heard some requests for that; I don't even know how that would
happen, and I don't know how much the Committee could even handle the
extra time for that. I know that would be a real press for me. My big
problem is that I came in assuming that we were all being called to
comment on policies and programs, that the document's started and now
we're revising them. Some of the comments I heard from the Council,
particularly from you, Council Member Wolbach, was is there bigger
aspirations for this group and do we want to have—I don't know exactly.
Maybe it would be helpful to have a re-articulation from the Council. What is
it that you want us to do? Do you simply want us to limit comments to
policies and programs or do you have bigger aspirations for what we will
give to you in a final report? It's not clear to me, at least at this point, what
you would find most helpful at the end of our process for us to give to you.
It seems to me—I agree with Don and others—that some of our biggest data
needs—we do have big data needs, but for me they come along the lines of
impacts of different proposals and policies. We talk a lot about we should do
this or we should do that, but how do we get the data of what those impacts
of executing those policies would be? For example, I think it would be
interesting to take Cubberley Community Center, probably the largest piece
of land left in Palo Alto that hasn't been developed—I know it's coming up on
the whole issue between the School District and the City. Something's going
to happen there. It'd be interesting to model different scenarios for how to
use that property, sort of like what Doria said, to plan for the City that you
                                                                              Page 77 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
