                          TRANSCRIPT
people in Palo Alto and neighboring cities use the shallow aquifer
groundwater. Irrigation is the most common use, but one person on
Edgewater Drive emailed me because his heat pump no longer works. It
requires—it's a geothermal heat pump that requires the use of groundwater.
He's kept records for 40 years, and this is the first time that he has not had
adequate water flow to use his pump. Could dewatering be a cause? He
should mention that he has records through the '70s which was a four=year
drought as well. Save Palo Alto's Groundwater hopes that Council Members
have reviewed our white paper where we've discussed lots of issues related
to groundwater dewatering. We had testimony or written comments from
four local hydrologists, summaries of groundwater studies from East Palo
Alto's groundwater management plan and the BAWSCA strategic
groundwater model. We suggested alternative methods of constructing
basements that use far less groundwater, and we also suggested revised
City policies. I was advised by a wise member of the City Staff when I first
inquired about dewatering last summer that Staff would need Council's
direction to revise City policies. We are here tonight to ask Council to clearly
request Staff to implement effective policies that significantly reduce the
groundwater pumping in 2016 and to build a roadmap for zero groundwater
waste policies beginning in 2017. I would like to also mention that I've
given a petition with 130 more signatures in addition to the 200 that we
delivered to the City Manager. I will end here.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Rene Wood.

Rita Vrhel: Thank you. I wanted to answer Councilman Berman's question.
Not all basements will require a geoengineering study at the cost of tens of
thousands of dollars. Only those basements that are—those basement
owners that are requiring a dewatering permit. That needs to be clear. Not
all basements require a dewatering permit or a geoengineering study. To
Council Member Filseth, I wanted to let him know that the reason this topic
is coming up now is that the last time it was studied only four to five
basements were being constructed requiring dewatering. Last year, there
were 14. The year before, I believe there were 13 or 14. The basements
are now huge, including the one over at 736 Garland that will be 3,454
square feet of basement. Sustainability is a timely topic. I do not believe
sustainability can be achieved while unlimited dewatering or groundwater
extraction occurs. This belief is shared by many professionals as evidenced
in the scientific articles savepaloaltosgroundwater.org has sent to you, most
recently a report by the Union of Concerned Scientists called the Big Water
Shift. This report discusses California's reduced precipitation and snowfall,
flooding, climate change, expected severe droughts and stresses the need
for sustainable groundwater management. Tonight you can implement
sustainable groundwater management practices by adopting Staff's
                                                                         Page 46 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
