                          TRANSCRIPT
said if we were at $50 a square foot, we're basically where we are at the
seven and a half to 10 percent of the sales price?

Ms. Gitelman: This one would be also below what we would get if we
charged an in-lieu fee under the current ordinance. The current ordinance,
using the prototype for single-family attached, would be $124,000 per unit.
This would net us about $105,000 per unit.

Council Member Holman: We're going backwards.

Ms. Gitelman:   At $50.   I'm sorry.   To go below $50 would be quite a bit
less.

Council Member Holman:      We're going backwards.     I certainly will not be
supporting this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Everybody wants a fee cut, but it's going to get
paid for out of affordable housing.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to say I'm losing track of what we're
doing here. I think we're taking money away from affordable housing. I'm
not really sure why. We spent a year on this. I don't know. I think we
should think about the numbers we're proposing.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I don't want it to get lost. I hope it'll go back into
the main Motion. I think we should do exactly what the Vice Mayor just
suggested, evaluate this after a year. We make these huge decisions
without then going back and looking to find out how much more will we have
in affordable housing at the end of the year. Will we be getting toward
actually providing affordable housing? Also, will we be getting toward
affordable housing that is beyond the just affordable housing amount? Just
the kind of housing that somebody could afford, who moves here and just
wants to buy a house. As many of you know who have gone looking at
houses, it's pretty hard right now to find anything that's reasonable.

Mayor Burt: I will say that as I anticipate our trends locally and regionally,
we certainly have severe demands on market-rate housing. We have new
workers coming into this region month by month, literally by the many
thousands if not tens of thousands. That new workforce is generally a very
highly paid workforce. It's squeezing out the social and economic diversity
                                                                        Page 76 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
