                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: This is a fixture. It says fixture, so I'm confused as to if
we're requiring people to change it out.

Mr. Pirnejad: A toilet would be another example. You would need a permit
to change out a toilet. There would be a flat fee for that toilet exchange.

Mayor Burt: On that shower fixture, I see maybe one of your Staff members
is …

Mr. Pirnejad: George Hoyt is our Chief Building Official.

George Hoyt, Chief Building Official: Good afternoon. Good evening, I'm
sorry. To answer your question, Vice Mayor Scharff, you would not need a
permit to simply change out that showerhead. However, as a good citizen,
we would expect you to install one that meets the minimum flow rates for
water conservation by the State.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Of course. That's why I would be changing it out.

Mr. Hoyt: Exactly. Technically, for a toilet you really don't need a permit to
do that. The reason why we reduce the per fixture—increase per fixture is
because we're moving to a valuation-based fee. Currently, we are charging
a valuation-based fee on these type of permits. Now, we will just be
charging this minimum fee of $88 to go out and do the inspection. That
recovers the cost of the inspection.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I've got one other question that's practical like this.
This happens to people all the time, and I hear about it. It's happened to
me before in the past. Your water heater goes out, and there's water all
over the floor. What are you doing? You are calling someone that night.
They come out and replace your water heater. Before it looks like it was a
$5 permit fee. Now, it's a $105 fee. Water heaters are like $80 if I recall.
Maybe I haven't bought one in a while.

Mayor Burt: You haven't bought one in a while.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I'm really just wondering how we go from $5 to
that much. I've installed my water heater. Now with a big price like that,
am I really going to call you and have you come out?

Mr. Pirnejad: That's a good question. I don't mean to raise eyebrows. The
$5 fee to inspect a water heater means that we're collecting fees for other
permits and subsidizing the water heater fee. What we're trying to do is
make sure that every fee stands on its own and it pays for the services that
it would receive. We're not bleeding permits, some to subsidize others. The

                                                                          Page 82 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
