                          TRANSCRIPT
that does agree to pay less than the minimum wage, the City would honor
that agreement.

Council Member Schmid: Why would any labor union do that? Why ...

Ms. Silver: It might be in exchange for additional medical benefits, the
wage would be lower but the benefits would be higher.

Council Member Schmid: It doesn't seem to make any sense to have a law
but that a union could negotiate a lower wage. How could that be?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: The reason for the provision is to protect
against preemption by Federal labor law. You point out that it seems
unlikely that there would be such a collective bargaining agreement that
explicitly waived it. It is to allow for other types of compensation structures.
I'm not aware of any city with a local minimum wage that actually has
waived it due to this exception. As you point it, it would be unusual.

Council Member Schmid: It seems we're preempting the Federal law by
having a minimum wage higher than theirs.

Ms. Stump: No, the provision is to honor the Federally required collective
bargaining process. If a union were to knowingly and explicitly wish to
waive that right on behalf of represented employees, then we as a local
government need to not override that federally authorized bargaining
process. That's the reason for the provision.

Council Member Schmid: You're implying that we would not run into it in a
practical way. Is that right?

Ms. Stump: It seems unlikely.

Council Member Schmid: It's funny to have that as part of our vote.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Sorry, just one other technical question I wanted
to ask. Santa Clara County has calculated a living wage for the County,
which it uses for paying County employees and County contractors and their
employees. I just wanted to check the amount of that. The living wage, I
believe it's somewhere between $20 and $22 per hour as a living wage for
Santa Clara County calculated officially by the County of Santa Clara. Sorry
I didn't email this one earlier. I was just wondering if we had access or were
able to look that one up at some point during the discussion tonight just as a
point of reference.

                                                                         Page 70 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
