                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: This is a new fee and potentially, again, we could
have neighbors appealing a project paying the full rate, $2,300, for a
director's hearing, and then they would pay $280 to appeal ...

Mr. Lait: You wouldn't have to appeal. I'm sorry for interrupting you. You
wouldn't have to appeal a director's hearing. That automatically goes to the
City Council. When you get a request for hearing, we automatically transmit
that to Council. You're not appealing a director's hearing. It's just the one
fee.

Council Member DuBois:         It just seems like we've added a new fee,
potentially quite a hefty fee.

Mr. Lait: I'll say that we've had, I think, two in the last almost two years.
We don't get them very often. It's a new fee to cover the cost. I mean, the
whole premise for this is cost recovery, and so that's the effort there.

Council Member DuBois: While we're on that page, the neighborhood
preservation zone exception. Sorry. A lot of discussion going on. The
neighborhood preservation zone exception fee, what is that? Is that an
Single Story Overlay (SSO)? Neighborhood preservation zone exceptions.

Mr. Lait: I don't know what that is, but it's not the SSO. SSO has no fee
associated I think it.

Council Member DuBois: I know we waived the fees this year. Are SSOs
included in a different table?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we actually changed the Municipal Code section. In
our cleanup ordinance, we changed the section of the Code that talks about
SSOs to say that they would be treated as City-initiated projects for which
no fee would be charged.

Council Member DuBois: We don't really have preservation zones, do we?

Ms. Gitelman: In the time I've been in the City, we've never had this type of
application. I apologize. I just don't know enough about the processing of
that.

Council Member DuBois: As far as I know, we don't have a preservation
zone Ordinance. Again, my concern is it would be similar to an SSO, that it
would be City-initiated and not something we would want to charge a fee for
if it was affecting a group of homes or a neighborhood.

Mr. Lait: I think we'd have to look at the Code and find out what this
application was. I think it's a rarely used item. Before we made that kind of
                                                                       Page 23 of 72
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/28/16
