                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Yeah. First of all, I think this is clearly the right
kind of thing for the City to invest in. I think the group's done a tremendous
job. This is exactly the kind of thing that makes sense for cities to do, and I
think we ought to invest in it. I think in general our job is—if something's
worth paying for, then we ought to pay for it. I think this is worth paying
for. I think we shouldn't muck around with TDRs on it; I think we should
just pay cash. It's simpler. We have it. It's the right kind of project. I
think that's what we should do. When we use TDRs on something, it's sort
of this limbo. We're sort of saying, "It's not really worth spending money
on, but maybe we'll use TDRs instead." I think that's not the case. We sort
of look at TDRs as kind of this free money thing, and it isn't free. If
something's worth doing, we should do it. As to the Ordinance, if we repeal
the Ordinance, then that says we can never do another TDR. That seems to
me different than should we use TDRs on this project or not or in general,
we shouldn't use TDRs. I think that's a bigger step than maybe we're
prepared to do right now. I think this is a good project. We should do it,
and we should pay for it and acknowledge that we're paying for it rather
than trying to hide it and sort of slough off the costs onto residents in some
other way.

Mayor Burt:    Council Member Holman, are you speaking to the Substitute
Motion?

Council Member Holman: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Sorry. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll keep it brief. Again, I think the City's only used
TDRs like this one other time which was for the Roth Building where
(inaudible) for a historic property that the City owns. I remember looking in
the notes. Council Member Klein asked the question if money had ever been
used for a nonprofit to restore a building. At that time, it hadn't happened.
Kind of what Council Member Filseth said, just because we have an
Ordinance on the books doesn't mean we have to use it. I'm not suggesting
we get rid of the Ordinance, just that in this case it's a relatively small
amount of money. I think we should live up to that commitment. My
understanding is that any sale of TDRs above this has to be restricted again
to historic preservation, so we can't just take that money and create a new
bathroom. I don't know if we—it's actually a question for Staff. If we built a
bathroom in the Baylands Center, could we use TDR money for that or is it
restricted to historic buildings?

Mr. Perez: It's restricted to historical rehab.

Council Member DuBois: Is the Baylands building considered historical?
                                                                            Page 17 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
