                         TRANSCRIPT
B.   The person requesting an Appeal and/or a Director’s Hearing will pay a
     maximum fee of $280, except in the case of an Appeal filed by an
     Applicant; and

C.   Neighborhood preservation zone should not have a fee; and

D.   The City should continue to subsidize childcare centers at the current
     rate; and

E.   To request Staff return with an alternative for an annual inflation
     adjustment to the Fee Schedule; and

F.   If an Appeal by a third party fails, the Applicant is not obligated to pay
     additional fees; and

G.   If an Applicant appeals and prevails, the Applicant would not be
     obligated to pay additional fees; and

H.   If the Council chooses not to hear an Appeal, the Appeal Fee is
     returned to the Appellant.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That helps. I see no more lights. If there are
none, we can—is the Motion as clear as it's going to get? Please vote on the
board. That passes unanimously with Vice Mayor Scharff and Council
Member Holman absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

Mayor Burt: I want to check-in on whether we should change the sequence.
We had this item tentatively scheduled for 8:30. It was one that we
received a lot of comments from the public. Should we instead take Item
Number 9 at this time?

Council Member Kniss: I would move so, if we can do it?

Council Member Berman: I'd second it, if it needs a Motion.

Mayor Burt: Mr. City Manager, did you catch that?

Mr. Keen: I did. I think it's a great idea. I just need to see if we can get
the Staff on Item Number 9 down here, unless you would like me to handle
it on my own.

Mayor Burt: How about if we take a five minute break?

Mr. Keene: That would be great.

                                                                         Page 39 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
