                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I actually think it would be nice if we just approve the
Guidelines, possibly with just the buckets. If we didn't try to be too
ambitious tonight, I'd be fine with the single-story individual overlay.
Frankly, that calls to me, that issue. I think that's a fairly simple issue to
deal with.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. When you said with the buckets, I don't understand
what you were saying.

Vice Mayor Scharff: She's broken it into two buckets.       I said I think the
bucket that's not more prescriptive.

Mayor Burt: You didn't say that part.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I meant. The bucket that's not more
prescriptive, and then there's the issue of the individual story overlay, which
seems like an anomaly, which we might want to fix. I don't want to be too
ambitious tonight and spend forever on here. I think we should move to the
ARB and see if we can get that done in a reasonable time. Otherwise, we
won't be able to do both.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A couple of us over here are confused. What are
the two buckets? We don't know what the buckets are.

Mayor Burt: My understanding is one bucket is items that we're truly just
clarifying language. The other is things that are more substantive in the
change.

Council Member Holman: From my perspective, having been the person
who in theory at least—I think there was some misunderstanding. We can't
do that tonight. I can tell you that I don't even agree with some of these
because it's a misunderstanding. Personally, I would move that we continue
this to a future meeting. I know you said that the agendas are full, but
there's no way we're going to be able to do this in any kind of rational
manner. I would move that we continue this item.

Mayor Burt: That may a good thing to do.

Council Member Holman: I just got a second.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue this Item to a date uncertain.


                                                                        Page 74 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
