                          TRANSCRIPT
I think the worst in Palo Alto. I do like the addition of a right-hand turn
lane. Certainly as car queue heading south on Page Mill across El Camino,
they do tend to back up. Because they slow down to make that right-hand
turn, sometimes people behind them who are trying to go straight don't get
a chance to clear out of the intersection. They have to wait there for
another cycle of the light, and that can be a long light. I think that would
probably be a real help. As I mentioned before, I'm a motorcycle rider
myself. Yes, I do also sometimes drive, about 50/50. I would like to see
some kind of options for scooters or motorcycle riders to have parking there.
Just brainstorming here. Maybe when people apply to look at the building,
ask them, "Do you want a parking space for a car or do you want a parking
space for a motorbike." If you get three or four people who say their
(inaudible) space for their motorbike, then you can maybe restripe one of
the parking spaces to be motorbike parking. Again, just brainstorming here.
I'll let you guys figure that out; just encouraging you to think about the
options around that. In addressing the housing crisis, the housing issues,
the housing challenges, however you want to phrase it, most people
recognize we don't have a lot of studios and one-bedrooms in Palo Alto. We
need them. I think the first person to point this out to me was former
Planning Commissioner Arthur Keller a couple of years ago at an Our Palo
Alto meeting. He was giving me the stats on how many studios and one-
bedrooms has and what our need really is. Once they get to the point of
recognizing there's an overall supply and demand issue and it's particularly
acute around studios and one-bedrooms, then the question inevitably is how
do you actually get them built. How do you force the developer to build
studios and one-bedrooms when they just seem to want to build big, luxury
penthouses? As far as I can see it, there are at least three big impediments.
Those are, as I seem them, our low unit maximums with 40 units per acre
as our highest maximum generally; our high parking requirements which
makes units very expensive, and it's per unit. If you have fewer big, luxury
units, you don't have to provide as much parking, and then it's cheaper for
the developer. If you provide a lot of units and you have to build 1 or 1.5
parking spaces per unit for thousands or tens of thousands of dollars apiece,
it's less of an incentive. Usually people don't do that; it doesn't pencil out.
The other third biggest impediment I see is our slow and strict and
sometimes subjective approval process. If we do actually want to see
smaller units, studios, one-bedrooms built in Palo Alto, I think we're going to
have to realize that those three impediments exist, and we're going to have
to be flexible once in a while or across the board. As far as the question
about how much do these cost, Council Member Filseth was estimating that
they would probably run 2,000 to 2,500 per unit. Even if that's not very low
income housing, there are 60 people out there who need that. If they can
move in there, that's 60 units less pressure on the rest of the market to help
others. One project is not going to solve the rest of the issue, but we hear a
                                                                        Page 42 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
