                         TRANSCRIPT
Arthur Keller: Thank you, Mayor and Council Members. Although I'm Co-
Chair of the CAC on the Comp Plan, I'm speaking as an individual tonight.
The first thing is if you look at that chart in terms of Director Gitelman's
response to a question by Council Member Holman, I would understand that
question better if the business as usual jobs number didn't exactly match
the sustainability tested Number 1, line 4. Those numbers matching exactly
means it's a suspicious thing to me as a data scientist. Secondly, I think it
would be helpful to separate out the Stanford Medical Center numbers from
the non-Stanford Medical Center number to increase clarity. Thirdly about
the sphere of influence, Stanford is going to embark in several years on a
new General Use Permit. There's going to be a lot more something or other
there, not clear what. Therefore, the cumulative impacts, who knows that
the Statement of Intent (SOI) will be on that. It will be a lot greater. I
think there's a missed opportunity here in terms of the job numbers and the
square footage numbers being the same for Scenarios 5 and 6. I would
encourage the Council, even though you supposedly put that to bed—I think
it's a mistake, a lost opportunity to have the jobs numbers and the square
footage be the same for Scenarios 5 and 6. I would suggest that Scenario 5
have 10 percent lower than that for that, just like you've gone down 10
percent from Scenario 1 to Scenario 2, and then go down below that for
Scenario 5 further than it is now. We also need to think in terms of school
impacts in terms of the housing and also general fiscal impacts. I've heard
discussions on the Council tonight, talking about fiscal impacts. That's very
important, whether or not they're CEQA requirements. We're talking about
relying on code enforcement and TDM enforcement when we've never been
effective at that. That's a leap of faith to actually achieve that. We need to
make sure that there's appropriate measures taken by the Council to really
do that. There's a talk here about the FEIR. The problem with the FEIR is
that if the FEIR basically says it's one of these scenarios without picking a
particular one, we don't know what the numbers will be. It's imperative for
the Council to actually pick a particular scenario or some combination of
scenarios and pick the option the CAC will bring forward and have specific
numbers of that, and then have one scenario that goes in the FEIR, not a
mix and match. The specific performance measures probably won't be in the
Comp Plan as recommended by the CAC, but probably will be studied during
the life of the Comp Plan. Finally, I'm going to talk housing near transit.
The issue is more people bike to work than take all forms of transit
combined. What is this idea of putting housing near transit? We're better
off putting housing near services. Transit is just another service. Housing
near jobs makes more sense than housing near transit because of the
bicycle things. I agree with Mayor Burt about how few people live in Palo
Alto, work in Palo Alto. I think the number is about a third as of the latest
data. About a third of people who live in Palo Alto work in Palo Alto, but a
lot of people don't.
                                                                        Page 38 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
