                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'll do my best to keep this as a question. I think
one of the most interesting aspects of this is if you reference 1989, when I
wasn't here but have read a lot about it, you come up with what I think is a
different baseline than I recall us having discussed before. Have you altered
the baseline? Your suggestion is to go to 2015 and call that a new baseline.
Whereas, if you take what we currently have, we are roughly at our cap per
year, looking back over that 30 years. I'm not sure it's a bad idea; I just
wondered why you had decided on a new baseline.

Ms. Gitelman: Sure, I'd be happy to answer that. I think it's a little bit of
semantics. When I say new baseline, I think the group was thinking that
this new, updated Plan would be easier to use if it referred to the date 2015
rather than way back to 1989.

Council Member Kniss: Because they can't remember that far back.

Ms. Gitelman: The Committee did want to perpetuate the numeric value. In
1989, the cap was 3.2 million square feet, and some of that has been used
up to the point where we only have 1.7 million square feet left under the
cap. That's what's being proposed for 2015. The amount of growth hasn't
changed; it's just the date we're going to use to describe what is left.

Council Member Kniss:     Use that new figure rather than the old figure.
Correct?

Ms. Gitelman: One point seven correct.

Council Member Kniss: I just don't want to get the history lost in all this,
though. That was such an important data point. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think I have two questions. One is was there
any analysis done for—let's just say we change the zoning so that, while
housing is allowed in mixed use, office oftentimes trumps the mixed use
because the return on it is usually higher. Is there any calculation of how
much floor area ratio would be freed up for housing if we merely changed
the office allowance to housing?

Ms. Gitelman: The Committee didn't engage in any analysis on this point.
They merely identified this as a policy direction in the form of programs that
appear in a couple of different places in this element, talking about this as
being the direction we want to go in, particularly in light of the fact that
many of them wanted to perpetuate the growth limits. They saw those
growth limits as limiting the amount of office/R&D space that could be built
                                                                       Page 61 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
