                         TRANSCRIPT
building and a specific neighborhood that's being impacted. This EIR process
and these scenario processes have been very word focused. People don't
have something to respond to. My concern has been that we aren't
employing visuals to say, "If we were going to do this, here's what it would
look like." People don't really have anything to respond to but words. When
is that going to be a part of what we're looking at, literally looking at?

Ms. Gitelman: We've tried in the Draft EIR that you have to include some
figures that illustrate the scenarios, but we're looking at a Citywide scale
here. We're not looking at a single site or even a single neighborhood. If
you look at those figures, you'll see they're basically diagrams that take the
map of the City and show the areas where we would presume that job
growth or housing growth would occur under the various scenarios. It's not
the same or as visceral as when a developer comes in and there's a building
and its right next door and you see what it looks like. That's one of the
challenges of a programmatic EIR. We're trying to do something at a
Citywide scale. We can double down in this supplement to the Draft and try
and illustrate the fifth scenario in other, more creative ways, but there's no
getting away from the fact that we're doing something—we can't do it at the
same level of detail as you would for a single site or a single neighborhood.

Council Member Holman: Comments later. Has the Staff done any looking
into how many units of housing we'd actually have if we intervened in the
loss of housing units, if we limited the number of Airbnb listings that we
had? Right now just under single family and apartments, I see 300 listings
for Palo Alto. Not shared rooms or any of that, just single-family homes and
apartments. If we put some kind of—as other communities are thinking
about at least—taxation on ghost houses, that could raise money for a
housing fund. Are we looking at building stuff that we already have, but just
not having access to or utilizing?

Ms. Gitelman: You're raising a series of issues that would take certainly
more conversation, particularly the idea of taxing ghost houses. I don't
think that we have yet found a way that we could do that. On the larger
issue, we have not assumed the loss of existing housing stock. We're
talking about in each of these scenarios the idea that over the next 15 years
our housing stock would grow. Our assumption is that's all new units; it's
not like we lose some and then we add more. Again, that's just an
assumption. The larger issue of how we regulate and control or think about
vacation rentals and these issues is a discussion probably for another day.

Council Member Holman: I guess everything else I have pretty much is
comments rather than questions.


                                                                       Page 68 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
