                          TRANSCRIPT
global economy is what they told us. In order for them to succeed, they
need to be able to win the war for talent. They need to be able to recruit
and retain the best employees, the best and the brightest. They also need
constant inspiration, which is where we come in with fostering collaboration.
They feel it's their responsibility to invent the future. A story about Ford
Motor Company, Number 8 on the Fortune 500, is a perfect example. Last
year Ford set up shop in the Research Park. From their site there, they are
re-imagining the transportation industry. Ford's Chief Executive Officer
(CEO) has said, "At Ford, we view ourselves as both a mobility company and
an auto company. We anticipate customers' wants and needs especially on
connectivity, mobility, and autonomous vehicles. We are working to make
these new technologies accessible to everyone, not just luxury customers."
Transportation is top of mind not only for Ford, it is top of mind for all
Research Park companies, we have learned. It is core to their business now.
They told us that traffic congestion is taking a toll on their employees. It
impacts everybody's ability to fully utilize employee productivity, and that
they are deeply motivated to work together and to work with Stanford to
unlock potential and to unlock new solutions. The conclusion we drew was
that it's Stanford's role to help move people to and from and around the
Research Park, so that the people once they arrive can move their ideas out
into the world. It sounds cheesy, but I have to say this is a mantra that
Jamie and I have adopted, and we leapt into action from that point forward.
First we surveyed what current Research Park employers are doing already
to solve traffic congestion and to meet their employees' needs. We learned
that they are already responding to the employees' demographic shifts and
changing views on living in urban environments and using mass transit. We
learned that many Research Park companies are offering generous and
effective transit subsidies to their employees. I'd like to call your attention
to this man's T-shirt. I love it, because it says, "It's null unto you ship it,"
which reminds me it's our job to move people, it's his job to move his idea
to market. We also learned that many employees are running private
shuttles to the University Avenue Caltrain station to improve the connection
to the Baby Bullet service. We also learned that several employers are
offering their employees organized vanpool services, discounts and subsidies
to use vanpool, specifically vRide. We learned that several employers are
already running long-distance shuttles to far away locations like Half Moon
Bay and Dublin and Fremont as well as San Francisco and other areas
locally. Finally, we learned that there is a thriving bicyclist culture in the
Research Park. Many companies are offering a variety of onsite bicycle
services for their employees. I was so pleased to learn through research
that the Research Park employers are already deeply invested in significant
Transportation Demand Management efforts that are long term and that are
quite frankly costly, and they're doing this on a voluntary basis already. We
all know, given the congestion and given our geography that I pointed out
                                                                            Page 7 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
