                          TRANSCRIPT
governmental policy of the Legislature about this type of decision.              You
should encourage public participation. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Steve Downing to be followed by Amie Ashton.

Steve Downing: Good evening, Council Members, Mayor. I came here to
speak in favor of more housing in general, especially dense housing near
transit corridors. The zoning restrictions here in Palo Alto have made it very
difficult for anyone to find apartments near where they work. I've lived and
worked in Palo Alto for many years now. I actually don't really like driving.
It's not the worst, but I'll do it. The last time I moved, five years ago or so,
within Palo Alto, I looked obviously for an apartment or some such near
Downtown. There are very few of those, and there is very little liquidity in
that market.      I ended up further away in south Palo Alto, in a nice
neighborhood, in actually a nice house. It's much bigger than we need. It's
much bigger than what I was looking for. Now, I drive to work every day or
almost every day. I'm not saying this to complain. This is not a bad
existence by any stretch, but it does mean that I clog up the roads for all of
you. I'm taking up a bigger house than I needed. Presumably I pushed
another family out who actually would have used the space. This has
happened with many colleagues of mine as well. Many of them have been
pushed even further out, and they create more traffic for all of us. In
summary, more diverse housing stock would benefit us all. I favor more
density and more choices, particularly near transit. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.     Amie Ashton to be followed by Becky Sanders.
Welcome.

Amie Ashton: Hello. I'll just speak quickly. I wanted to express my support
for housing density, in particular near transit. I live Downtown. I pay an
exorbitant amount of money to live in Palo Alto. I love living here because I
don't have to drive anywhere. I bike, I take Caltrain, and I walk. I support
density because to me it means that we have a more vibrant Downtown.
That's what's exciting to me. Increase the height, increase the types of
units. I don't care if they're luxury, micro, anything. Get the density here
because to me it's so exciting to have all these great uses Downtown or to
bike over to Cal. Ave. and have all these fun places to shop and walk
around. This is what life's all about, and it's very exciting. Living Downtown
and taking advantage of all this, I just wanted to share how important that
was to me, that you call consider it. It's the environment; it's the quality of
life; it's health. Please support housing density near transit. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Becky Sanders to be followed by Suzanne Keehn.


                                                                         Page 64 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
