                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: It's just a concern—it sounds like it's premature—
that we present it in a way that looks reasonable. I also wanted to comment
on the point source discharge fee. Separate from the impacts of pumping
and, I guess, this idea of paying for the use of the storm drains themselves,
the data seemed pretty compelling. Do you guys have any comments in
terms of the amount of usage of the storm drain versus a typical home?

Mr. Bobel: We do a similar thing for the wastewater charges now. There is
logic to charging for the use of infrastructure like that. We do that with
wastewater. Staff is not opposed to this. We think it does deserve a full
evaluation, and that's what we'll do.

Council Member DuBois: I think there was a letter from the public; maybe
you partially answered it in your answer to Council Member Holman. Would
it make sense to add language today that would enable us to add the point
source fee to the 218 ballot if the evaluation came back and it was
supported? Is there any way we can match the timeline?

Ms. Stump: Maybe I'll jump in here. This is an important and significant
issue.   We're just learning about it.     We've had some very valuable
information from the public as a starting place. We're not at a point where
we have the data developed to a cost of service level that will really allow us
to put that question before the voters. We are exploring different types of
fees that could be used to address this somewhat significant activity. We'll
continue to do that and report back in August when we come back.

Council Member DuBois: I'm asking is it possible to keep it open as an
option or are you guys basically saying we don't have enough time, that it
wouldn't happen?

Mr. Bobel: I would say it still is an option. When we come back to you the
next time, we may have some more information on this. We may not have
conclusive information on that, but I think we will be able to describe to you
some of the options that we're looking at that wouldn't require this voter
approval. I think there's a certain feeling developing that, if we miss this
opportunity, we've missed a major opportunity. Staff is going to try to look
at it from the perspective of what other opportunities are there, what other
ways could this fee be imposed that wouldn't require voter approval. We'll
be looking at that as well.

Council Member DuBois: I think that's exactly it. If it is an opportunity, is it
worth trying to hit or not basically?

Ms. Stump: One of the challenges that we face is that there is a timeframe
to re-up the storm water management fee. There's some tension between a
                                                                          Page 23 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
