                          TRANSCRIPT

community on that and included diversity. I went through the policies that
we have there and divided them into whether they were neutral,
independent of an audience, or whether they spoke to culture or to seniors
or to disadvantages or to children and youth or to teens or to low income,
and would say that slight emphasis on youth which makes sense because
they're the future. Otherwise, it's very balanced. All of the programs and
policies are well balanced. The interesting, though, is that there are 26 new
policies or 26, 27 new policies and 30 new programs. I would say that's also
a result of listening to the citizens and all the presentations that were made.
The size of the CAC that we have has affected that, and listening to input
from the Council in the first place. The second thing is I think we tried to be
really sensitive to the fact that although we're listening about people, the
services is a substantial portion of place and facilities. Both the maintenance
part of this and the new development part of this were taken care of. The
next thing we did was recognize, I think, that the City can't do all of the
things that we would like to do alone, and that partnerships are really
important. We've tried to define the partnerships. Maybe some should be
more explicitly called out than they are, but in general partnerships are well
identified and particularly the partnership with the School District. As
Jeremy mentioned, I would say we had general consensus that we'd like to
demand more metrics be made available. So statements in the old Plan that
said things like where data is available use it, we changed that to say if
there's no data available, go get it as opposed to just simply allowing a Plan
to say there's no data, so we didn't use it. We thought that was way too
easy.     In the health and well-being part, because of the citizens
presentations, we were really sensitive to the fact that health and well-being
is not just physical. We think that an awful lot of the old Plan was making
sure there was parks for exercise and all of that kind of thing. The mental
well-being of the community and all of its members was really important to
us. The other thing we would say is that we tried to structure it so that we
were religious to the goals that were defined by the Council. We tried to put
in place policies that were guidelines, that would be in place for 10 or 15
years like the Plan is used. With programs, we tried to take out obscure
words, look into or consider or whatever. In programs we tried to be more
deliberate about do this or do that, so that they were in fact measureable or
in fact just because they're in a strategic document, you say you do it
doesn't mean you can't say no, we're not going to do it. We tried not to be
wishy-washy there. If I'm allowed to go for one more minute, I will
comment that the subcommittee process and the subcommittee meeting on
this Element was outstanding. Bonnie's here with me, and I'm sure she
would agree that the subcommittee process was extremely good. I'd like to

                                                                         Page 16 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
