                          TRANSCRIPT
review note 10 years ago and know the quality of the work that you guys
do. Needless to say, that note was not published. More recently, I've been
doing some research on kind of best practices for adoption of technology and
local public safety. One of the things that I read by a sheriff's association
actually was the best process is to have a policy in place before you have a
problem. Drafting these processes after there has been some public incident
often leads to rushed policies and bad results.             I think we have an
opportunity now to do our best to put the process in place as we adopt—for
technology that we currently have, but also as we adopt new technology as
it becomes available. I think that it's important to have that community
dialog and community conversation and bring together community
stakeholders ahead of time to get everybody's input in a kind of logical,
thoughtful process before something goes wrong. I want to commend
Council Member Wolbach for all the work he did. I've been a part of a lot of
Colleagues Memos, and I think this was one that probably took the longest
to actually bring to Council. Council Member Wolbach did a diligent job of
getting input and reaching out to Staff ahead of time and providing a lot of
data that, I think, was helpful for tonight's conversation and will be helpful
when this goes to Policy and Services. Good job. I don't know if this was
your first Colleagues Memo that you took point on. No. Then you're a pro
at this. It's just important. I'll support kicking this to Policy and Services, so
we can have a longer conversation about it there. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to say thank you to the members of
the public for clarifying the issue. When I originally read this Memo, my
initial reaction was the City's already doing a lot of these things. I was
thinking about it more generally. Like our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) has
come before us and talked about our PII security procedures. The City deals
with credit cards, Social Security numbers, a lot of personally identifiable
information. We already have a lot of policies in place around that. We can
discuss those policies more broadly. In a lot of ways, I think the security
around the data is similar. I think we also recently passed a data retention
policy, and it was reviewed, I think, by the Legal Staff and the City Staff. I
guess you guys really just underlined this is really about surveillance
technologies and dissemination policies. If that's the intent, I'm supportive.
I think we have some existing policies we can build on. I'd like to keep the
focus just narrow on surveillance. When I initially read this, I was thinking it
was much more broad. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Now I do see other lights. Council Member Holman.



                                                                           Page 58 of 67
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/25/16
