                          TRANSCRIPT
to yield a scenario in which Stanford University would invest in the line with
SLAC. We have been working with Stanford to identify the viability of that
option for them. Part of the attraction of that approach for Stanford
University involves how they would then be able to serve their tenants both
at the University as well as the Research Park. The question of how the
rates apply in that situation is a relatively complex question and one that
they're still evaluating. We do have the possibility that the SLAC line is both
a viable and desirable approach. We want to let that play out.

Council Member Dubois: This isn't a staffing challenge at all, and it's not a
City budget issue. If it was going to hit the City budget, then we'd look at
the alternative through Mountain View?

Mr. Shikada: Based on the discussions to date, we wanted to allow Stanford
the opportunity to reach its own conclusion as to the level of investment that
would make sense for them before we decided that that was not viable and
then move on to the Mountain View approach. In conversations that I had
with Val Fong before she retired, it was her opinion that it wouldn't make
sense for us to pursue both at the same time because of the time and both
Staff resources that would be involved as well as potentially duplication in
terms of the effort we would be requesting from the other agencies. On that
basis, we did want to let the Stanford University scenario play out first.

Mr. Keene: Can I just add something to that? If I understand Council
Member DuBois' concern, we are continuing to pursue the Stanford option
because it could be cost effective. There may be capitalization of the costs
by them. It's really a question of the externalities that go along with that
that we're working through. The default, as Ed said, would be to default
back to the Mountain View option.

Council Member Schmid: I guess just from an economic perspective, while
you're dealing with Stanford, it is good to have concrete alternatives in
mind. Do you know enough about the economics of the Mountain View
option to make a critical decision there?

Mr. Shikada: I believe we do. In general the capital costs associated with
doing the tie directly with Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) would require or
would involve spreading all the costs among its rate base. There would be
sufficient spreading that it does make economic sense for us to pursue it.
Again, it's a tradeoff of a single capital expenditure versus one that is going
to be spread among many users. I think we have enough costs and who
pays information available. The question is whether and to what extent
Stanford University will be willing to invest its own funds.


                                                                        Page 53 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
