                         TRANSCRIPT
more convenient, much faster and actually a great experience to ride Uber
versus taking a traditional taxi where you had to wait half an hour and you
weren't sure whether the guy would show up. To your point, physical
spaces, downtown spaces, public spaces, parks, all create those kinds of
experiences as well. I love the fact that we have some of those resources in
our community.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, Mr. Heck, I want to thank you for the
presentation. Much appreciated. There are four areas where I'd be curious
to get your input. If you want, I can go through them one at a time or just
list them all.

Mr. Heck: Sure.

Council Member Wolbach: The first one is—maybe just to say thank you for
the data that you provided on the trends towards flat-lining and declining
vehicle miles traveled, car ownership, parking demand over the last few
years and continuing into the future. As you're probably aware a lot of
people don't really believe that that's happening, don't really believe that
demand for owning a car is decreasing and that people given options many,
not all, would choose not to own a car. The data that you provided is very
useful. It also supplements something that our burgeoning Transportation
Management Association (TMA), our TMA, found a lot of the workers in
Downtown currently say, "I drive, but if you gave me a better option, I'd
sure take it." Also, data collected in our recent survey in preparation for
updating our City shuttles—we're looking at potentially small or large
changes to that system particularly after some outreach by our Human
Relations Commission to the senior community in Palo Alto where a
tremendous number of seniors who prefer not to or cannot drive anymore
feel even trapped in their homes because of the lack of transportation
options. There's certainly many of them not driving. Not to say that
everybody over the age of 65 can't drive. As Palo Alto continues to gray, the
number of people in Palo Alto who would prefer or cannot drive will certainly
increase. The data that you provided is a useful supplement to that as we
continue to develop our understanding that indeed cars are not the answer
for everybody. That's more just my own comment. Really, three areas of
question. The first is on coordination. The second is on—I'm curious to hear
your thoughts about the priorities that Palo Alto sent to VTA in preparation
for the ballot measure and for consideration of big projects and the future of
VTA. The third is about the idea of housing, specifically the Stanford
Research Park. On the first, on coordination, we've got VTA, Palo Alto
Unified School District, our TMA that is getting rolling, the shuttles that I

                                                                       Page 43 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
