                         TRANSCRIPT

Council Member DuBois: For this year, because they were in the pipeline. I
guess if this were year 2, I guess my point is we could end up approving—
like in this case, there's one project that's large and it was scored last, we
could end up with a lot less square footage.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. Although, the ordinance does allow you to
request project changes. You could give the applicant of the last place
project the option to do a smaller project. The ordinance also gives them
the right say no, but you could certainly make that request.

Council Member DuBois: Got it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. First of all a couple of things. The way this will
work is that all these projects will go through the process. In a year in
which there isn't 50,000 square feet, do you still score the projects or do we
just say there's nothing.

Ms. Gitelman: No, we would just approve them as we usually would. We
would not score them.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In a year like this which is really only the first year of
which you have grandfathered projects, you're going to have 2747 Park, the
Lytton project and the Foot Locker project which would be scored against
each other theoretically, but all of that is under 50,000 square feet. If they
all had zero scores in all of them, they would still all be approved. I guess
the question is shouldn't we have something in the Guidelines that say when
that happens you don't have to go through the process of scoring them and
doing all that? I mean, it seems sort of silly. Unless the outcome could be
different, but it just seems like a silly process to me.

Ms. Gitelman: I guess I agree with you that it's a little overblown for the
fact that you have three projects that have priority and they're under
50,000. The ordinance does say that those applications have priority over
other projects and shall be evaluated against each other and granted an
allocation before other eligible applications. Our thought was they would
come to the first public hearing and present just like the other projects. You
would have an opportunity to weigh in on the findings and whether you
thought those could be made. Then at the second hearing, we would bring
back our Staff recommendations. The recommendation would be, number
one, approve the three that have priority and, number two, this is how we
see the remaining two projects stacking up against each other.
                                                                        Page 54 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
