                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: If Mr. Heck is not here yet ...

Male: He will be there in about 15 (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: We'll take a five minute break. Thank you.

Council took a break from 5:42 P.M. to 5:52 P.M.

Mayor Burt: We're now proceeding on Item Number 16 which is a Study
Session with Consulting Professor Stefan Heck from Stanford University
regarding innovation, energy, and transportation issues. Welcome.

Stefan Heck, Stanford University Consulting Professor:            Thank you,
Mr. Mayor, City Council, fellow Palo Alto residents.           Appreciate the
opportunity to share with you some of my thoughts and research on
transportation and sustainability more broadly. I just want to say upfront
this is ongoing research. I don't claim to have the answers for Palo Alto.
That's for you guys to figure out. I want to share a little bit about what is
going on in sustainability and a bit of what are some of the choices that Palo
Alto has. Obviously we have a long history here. Palo Alto grew up around
the train. I took a picture from 1894, the original railroad station. It's a
theme I'm going to come back to in terms of the choices of sustainability
and how we organize our community. That time period is very important,
because it was the second industrial revolution, not just the manufacturing
revolution that happened years before, but in this time period a lot of the
technologies that influenced our quality of life appeared. Up there I featured
building controls, steel as a structural material, sewers which actually well
before vaccination already reduced our death rate from disease
substantially, electric light that we all take for granted, and Palo Alto as a
very early adopter. The reason I highlight this is because there was an
enormous benefit to the society at that time through the deployment of
these, at that time, really advanced technologies. You can see that since
Roman times Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita only doubled, but in
that span from the Industrial Revolution there was a 13-fold increase in GDP
per capita over just a couple generations. That's really a productivity benefit
that came to all of us. We died much older; we lived twice the age. A lot of
the things we take for granted now, public libraries here in Palo Alto, the fact
that we can work at night under electric lights, all of that was really only
four generations ago. The reason I mention all this is that what we've seen
is this massive shift in labor productivity. Of course, Silicon Valley has
continued to drive that. We get more productivity per worker from our tech
companies than most manufacturing industries, and we've continued to push
on this through automation.         We haven't seen this level of shift in
sustainability and resource productivity. By resources I mean broadly water,

                                                                         Page 15 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
