                          TRANSCRIPT
greenhouse gas, so if we can do it, it has the biggest payoff, but it's going to
take a huge amount of effort. I'd like to see a lot of ideas, a wide range of
ideas, and it's going to take a lot of communication, marketing, promotion to
get those ideas out there. I was a little surprised and concerned about
mobility as a service, something we've talked about a lot, showing a
relatively small benefit. Again, it gets back to where do we spend our time
and money. On water, I agree with the comments about groundwater
preservation.      There was a goal that was mentioned; there was no
corresponding strategy that talked about groundwater. One thing I thought
was missing in this section on the utility of the future was the importance of
the telecom strategy. We talked about our Smart City efforts. I also think
decreasing commuting through telecommunications, again understanding
the cost-benefits of that. I think it could have a pretty big sustainability
impact. On the commercial side, the second highest total of greenhouse gas
was commercial use. Kind of a random question. Heating water seemed to
be a pretty big chunk of that. Heating water, commercial heating of water.
I'm wondering if there are behavioral changes that can be made similar to
recycling. People are using hot water where they don't necessarily need to.
Finally, nobody's talked about carbon offsets yet. How we finance all this
stuff is pretty critical. If we do move forward with carbon offsets, I think the
idea of using that money to invest in local efforts makes a lot of sense.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Mr. Friend: Mr. Mayor, could I just respond to a couple of points? I don't
want to respond point to point of everything people said. Some things that
Council Member DuBois raised are just really important to understand. With
regard to the 90 percent EV target for Palo Alto and vehicles, we can talk at
another time about why that number is there and the basis for it. I want to
be clear that the goals that we're setting are not guarantees and they're not
predictions. They're challenges to Staff. Nobody knows what can be
achieved by 2030. I'll say that declaratively. The State has a goal of 30
percent statewide by 2030. Our 50 percent incoming is against that base.
We are thinking that Palo Alto can do more. Basically the question is not can
we guarantee that that will be reached. It's saying to us as Staff and
community what could be done to get us toward that goal or close to it.
From that, some strategies emerge and that starts to give us our priorities.
As we go in the next 2 or 3 years, we'll see how we're going and steer. I
want to think about the goals in that context. With regard to the mobility as
a service, it is a very small number. The challenge there is that, in contrast
to what one of the community members said before, the numbers here
aren't guesses. They're grounded estimates using the best data that we can
find, that can be referenced and documented and build a credible case for
the greenhouse gas reduction estimates we built. In the case of mobility as
                                                                        Page 37 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
