                          TRANSCRIPT
at the red outline here, you can see that this is a large parcel. It's unique in
that way in Downtown. What's highlighted in blue is an anecdotal survey
that myself and my staff, as we've walked these neighborhoods, have kind
of recorded in what we see as multifamily development. As an important
ingredient in this, we want to understand what that figure (inaudible) looks
like and what's in the neighborhood. It points to us that this site is ripe for
housing. As Brad showed you before, this is broken up into two portions, so
commercial here. The existing outline of that box is the existing footprint.
We're diminishing the presence of commercial space on Hamilton and
bringing forth the residential edge on Webster. These site sections begin to
get at the question of scale and compatibility. You'll see in this packet that
we've taken care to be both within the existing zoning limit, but also
underneath the existing building that's there as well. Just quickly finishing
up here. Replacing two curb cuts on Webster into the surface parking lot
with a single entrance and egress into a subterranean parking garage that
will allow us to fully park the site. We have ...

Male: (inaudible)

Mr. Zirkle: ... a great interest in preserving the trees to the greatest extent
we can.

Male: (inaudible) time restriction or not?

Mayor Burt: First, what we have is recognition by the Chair of parties who
wish to speak. I have discretion to allow a speaker to continue and wrap up
comments.

Male: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Just so that people understand, it is our rules to require
recognition by the Chair before speaking.

Male: Apologies.

Mayor Burt: Let's return to the Council for questions and comments. Who
would like to go first? Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I spent some time at the site a couple of days ago.
One of the things that—is the applicant close by? Where did you go? Just to
ask you a couple of questions about this. It says three stories, 58 feet tall.
Is it actually 58 feet?

Mr. Zirkle: Are you talking about the existing structure?

Council Member Kniss: Uh-huh.
                                                                          Page 5 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
