                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT B PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach no

Mayor Burt: Next, Scenario B is under Scenario 5 to remove mitigation and
sustainability measures would be adopted to minimize impacts and remove
performance-based zoning, retain density-based zoning. I'm sorry, but I'm
now getting confused. A yes vote would be to remove mitigation and
sustainability measures—remove?       The first one before the "m" in
mitigation, is that a quotation mark? Is that what that should be? Is that
correct? Karen, do you know?

Council Member Holman: I was trying to identify where this came from
because the language seems to have changed a little bit.

Mayor Burt: Tom, you put it up, and then it was seconded by Karen. I'm
just ...

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) on 287 and the second one (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: I've found it now. Hasn't the language changed
from its original version?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, that's the way the language was.

Council Member DuBois: It's the language. This is basically removing
performance-based zoning from Scenario 5, keeping it for Scenario 6.

Mayor Burt:   Your proposal is to remove performance-based zoning from
Scenario 5?

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk) but keep it on Scenario 6.

Mayor Burt: Just so we have clarity, maybe we'll restate it that way.

Council Member DuBois: That's why I confirmed that that's what this
paragraph is. The answer was yes (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt:    The intent is to remove performance-based zoning from
Scenario 5 and to keep it on Scenario 6. All those who want to do that, vote
yes. All those who don't, vote no. Has everybody voted? That passes 5-4
with Wolbach, Scharff, Berman and Kniss voting no.

AMENDMENT C RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to add to the Motion, “remove from Table 3 Row 13
‘performance-based zoning.’” (New Part A.iii.)

AMENDMENT C PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach no
                                                                       Page 86 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
