                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: ... ask now that we're back to it.

Mayor Burt: You need your mike.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. Under 50-foot high building is too large
for the Baylands, I think you read off at the very beginning the height of a
number of the other buildings. I was out there today, and it looks to me as
though several of them are 30 feet or higher.

Mr. Ah Sing: The highest building out there probably wouldn't be more than
35 feet, which the zoning for the ROLM allows up to 35 feet. Some of the
other buildings in the area are between 25 and 30 feet in height.

Council Member Kniss: What height is the Audi building, which is right next
door?

Mr. Ah Sing: That's 27 1/2 feet.

Council Member Kniss: The one that's mostly glass?

Mr. Ah Sing: Yes.

Council Member Kniss:       This is bigger than the surrounding buildings.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Let's move on to hearing from members of the public. Our first
speaker is Hamilton Hitchings, to be followed by Shani Kleinhaus. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 11:25 P.M.

Hamilton Hitchings: Thanks for hanging in there. I'm Hamilton Hitchings.
I'm a member of the CAC; these are my own comments. I happen to live
nearby. I'm on the other side of 101 from this. I do pass it on a regular
basis. I feel putting a dealership in this particular location is compatible with
the nearby businesses and helpful to City tax revenue. Request for further
setbacks should be looked upon favorably and supported. However, I feel
that 50 feet is too tall for the surrounding area and for the Baylands. I'd like
to see it conform to a 35-foot height limit and also ensure that the windows
are bird safe. The last question I have is how does this project impact our
goal for 80/30? I don't have an answer. Stepping back, I want to thank the
City Council for recently improving, not approving but improving, a number
of projects, specifically in four key areas of resident concern, traffic, parking,
housing and aesthetics. For projects such as Olive Garden replacement,
Shady Lane and 425 Page Mill. However, why is the City Council doing all
the heavy lifting? Because the Architectural Review Board and the Planning
and Transportation Commission (PTC) are not. Please help balance these
                                                                             Page 106 of 128
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
