                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Abendschein: We could look at both those aspects. I think the way
we'd want to do it is return and amend the successor program so that we
could get started on implementation but then clean up.

Council Member Berman:          In your presentation—thank you for your
presentation. It's always difficult giving a presentation that somebody else
made. You talked about how Palo Alto got to its NEM cap. I guess the State
legislation was kind of vague in how different municipally owned utilities
derive that cap. What analysis did we use to get to that cap? Are there
options? I had a meeting with—I won't hog the ball too much, but I had a
meeting with Staff last week where it's my understanding that there might
be a different equation that we would use, that gives us a little more, that
would increase the cap a little bit and maybe give us a little more time as we
make the transition and maybe analyze other improvements that could be
made.

Mr. Abendschein: The cap that we have now, we brought it to you for
adoption—I think it was last year. It was based on a formula we'd been
using internally that was based on what's called coincident peak load, which
is the actual measureable load where we take energy off the California (Cal.)
ISO grid. That's a clear measureable standard. We used the peak from
2006, which was when Senate Bill (SB) 1 was adopted, and it represented
the highest level of the peak in the last ten years or so. There are two other
ways that you could look at defining peak. One is the way the investor-
owned utilities do, that they're mandated to do by the California Public
Utilities Commission. That is to take the peak load of every individual
customer throughout their service area and add it up. That generates a
much higher cap, but it also requires analytical capabilities that we don't
have.

Council Member Berman: Smart meters.

Mr. Abendschein: Smart metering, yeah. A middle ground is the peak load
of every customer class, so residents, commercial customers. It's not as
clear cut, but it is something we're able to estimate. We chose a very
clearly measureable standard. Customer class, non-coincident peak load is
something that we can estimate.

Council Member Berman: You think that if we were to use that analysis that
would increase the cap a minimal amount?

Mr. Abendschein: Yeah, maybe by around five percent or so.

Council Member Berman: The last question I have for now is there's been a
lot of debate—this is more a legal question than a technical question.
                                                                       Page 23 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
