                          TRANSCRIPT
mitigations but not this idea of actually changing. I just wondered if that's
coming later or we're not in sync on that.

Ms. Gitelman: I guess we haven't gotten to the point where we talk about
what happens if these measures are not complied with. We didn't put the
penalty trigger phase in here. I think that's something we would have to
develop. If we set what we think of as an aggressive but achievable way for
people to address their impacts, the impacts of new development, we also
have to come up with, as the Council indicated, the what if the impacts
aren't sufficiently addressed, what would happen either to that development
or to the next development. That's to be developed.

Council Member DuBois: We were talking about 40 percent reduction in
single occupancy vehicles if the Comp Plan's built on that, but we don't see it
happening, how do we adjust. I think that was the context.

Ms. Gitelman: That is still to be developed. I think this whole area of
performance-based zoning is one that's evolving. We have a significant
amount of research to do on our part to come back to you with some ideas
that we think are not only captivating, as the concept is, but are pragmatic
in the sense that they can be implemented and we can achieve our goals.

Council Member DuBois: I did go back and read a lot of transcripts, because
it's been a little while. We recently passed the motion in April about the
S/CAP. I thought we were pretty clear we asked for it to come back in two
months, which would be June, about how the Comp Plan would relate to the
S/CAP. I thought we were pretty clear that we wanted the Comp Plan to
drive the S/CAP, not the other way around.        Do you feel like that's
happening?

Ms. Gitelman:      I think the subcommittee of the CAC that met on
sustainability agrees with you. I think the first discussion that they had
since the Council's meeting was really along those lines, that the Comp Plan
sets the goals and the policy framework. We now have this additional goal
of greenhouse gas reductions to incorporate in here. This Comp Plan is the
overarching policy framework, and the S/CAP should be consistent and
supportive of the policy framework that we build in the Comp Plan.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to be clear, because it almost sounded
the reverse sometimes. The other thing we had in that motion was we
asked for Palo Alto-specific data to be used. It still looks like we're using
ABAG forecasts. Again, when would we—we're talking about tonight what
are reasonable assumptions on growth, but we're still using different data
when we asked to use the Palo Alto-specific data.

                                                                        Page 60 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
