                           TRANSCRIPT
the same, and Context Based Design Criteria also don't apply to every part
of town, only the commercial districts. I added those there. I look forward
to any comments there. Picking up again with Staff recommendation, "and
enhances living conditions on the site if it includes residential uses and in
adjacent residential areas." Number 3 I did not change at all. "The design
is of high aesthetic quality using high-quality materials and appropriate
construction techniques, and incorporates textures, colors and other details
that are compatible with and enhance the surrounding area. The design is
functional." I didn't change Number 4 either. "The design is functional,
allowing for ease and safety of pedestrian and bicycle access and providing
for elements that support the building's necessary operations, for example,
convenient vehicle access to property and utilities, appropriate arrangement
and amount of open space and integrated signage if applicable." Number 5 I
did change a few things here. "The landscape design is"—"suitable" seemed
to be an unusual word to use there, so I put "desirable." "Integrated and
compatible with the building and the surrounding area, is appropriate to the
site's functions and utilizes drought-resistant"—Mayor Burt, you may have
some comments here—"plant material capable of providing desirable habitat
and that can be appropriately maintained." The last one, in consult with
Jonathan Lait, "the project incorporates design principles that achieve
sustainability and green building requirements in areas related to energy
efficiency, water conservation, building materials, landscaping and site
planning." We deleted "and sensible design," because who knows what "and
sensible design" means. That would be my Motion that I would put forth.

Council Member Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt an Ordinance which is a continuation of the annual planning
codes update discussed in December 2015 and contains amendments to the
Architectural Review approval findings contained in Chapter 18.76 of the
Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) Title 18 as submitted in the Staff Report,
replacing Section 1 of the Ordinance with the following:

“(d)   Findings

Neither the director, nor the City Council on appeal, shall grant architectural
review approval, unless it is found that at a minimum each of the following
findings is met:

1.     The design is consistent with applicable elements of the Palo Alto
       Comprehensive Plan, Zoning Code (including context-based design
       criteria, as applicable) and any relevant design guides.

2.     The project has a unified and coherent design, is an aesthetically holistic
                                                                           Page 22 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/11/16
