                          TRANSCRIPT
closures along both sides of the creek for about two weeks. On the Palo Alto
side of the creek, the San Francisquito Creek Trail between Geng Road and
the Friendship Bridge at this time, we understand, will be closed for the
duration of the two-year construction phase beginning on September 1st.
On the East Palo Alto side of the creek, the levee is not a marked trail but is
frequently used. Signs will be placed at entrances to that portion of the
project when tree removal will occur. I'll keep you posted, and we'll do the
best we can working with the District and the project to see how we can
route some trail locations for those folks in our community and visitors who
love to walk and hike down there. The last Twilight Concert series will be
held this Saturday, August 20th, starting at 6:30 P.M. at Rinconada Park and
will feature music, the unique genre-crossing vocal and guitar jazz duo of
Tuck and Patti, who have been playing together for 36 years. It's free, live
music, and there will be delicious fare from local food trucks. We hope folks
will come out and celebrate and enjoy the last of these summer concert
series. Just a minor point I'd point out to the Council. During break, we did
replace that 75-year-old bulletin board that had been behind the Council
with something a little more substantial. There will actually be a fabrication.
The City Seal will be up there. I think as part of ultimately some of our in-
planning upgrades to take our broadcasts to high definition for the Council
meeting, that will look that much better for the folks who tune in for six,
seven, eight hours every Monday evening. That's all I have to report.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt:        Thank you.       At this time, we'll move on to Oral
Communications. We have a number of speakers. We have about a dozen
cards. We'll go ahead and continue with the normal of three minutes.
Sometimes we reduce it. If people are able to accomplish their message in
less time, all the better. Our first speaker is—it just says Nelson. I'm sorry;
I don't have a first name. To be followed by Mary Sylvester. Welcome.

Nelson: Welcome back Honorable Mayor, Vice Mayor and Council Member
and City official. Thank you for coming back. I hope you guys did have a
great rest and ready to tackle some thorny subjects for the City. Before I
start, I want to ask a couple of question. Just a quick raise of hand to see
who is happy with the current traffic situation in Palo Alto. We can add
some more.       It's okay to remove 160 full-grown trees.        In the last
(inaudible), if you have a home, living in a single-family neighborhood,
somebody wants to put up an industrial-strength, underground garage with
the driveway directly to your front door with over hundreds of cars a day
coming to your front door, in your living room. If you raised your hand, I
would like to talk with you to understand why. If you didn't, maybe you
would be interested in the topic. First of all, I live with my family at 1260
                                                                           Page 3 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
