                         TRANSCRIPT
not eliminated, when a two-story house is built next door or behind you.
Another reason for our SSO is to maintain the character, uniformity and
feeling of our neighborhood as was intended in the original subdivision. We
have a very small neighborhood, just 50 houses, set in an enclosed,
rectangular pattern with basically no through traffic. Extremely diverse
architecture, two-story homes with, for example, Mediterranean architecture
is not very aesthetically pleasing to us. We have found that property values
are not affected by adding an SSO. Buyers now seek out Eichlers and buy
them because they are Eichlers. Another point is that these houses provide
comparatively lower-cost homes if one chooses to live in Palo Alto. Adding a
second story will increase the square footage of a house and, therefore,
raise the selling price of the house, standing in the way of offering the
possibility of a lower-priced house to a community that is in need of such.
Faircourt 3 and 4 is located in a flood zone. To rebuild even a one-story
house after a teardown requires adding an elevation of nine inches to a foot
to the ground or floor-level of the house, already making it taller than its
adjacent house, even if it is only one story. We respectfully ask that the
Council consider what is being lost to our neighborhood without the
protection of a single-story overlay. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Roland Finston to be followed by Robert Moss.

Roland Finston: Thank you, Mayor Burt and the Council. We are here to ask
you to consider the following. In the two meetings that we have had with
the Planning and Transportation Commission, the last minute, day before,
two days before the Commission meeting, reversals occurred where people
who had signed the petition came forward and said they did not wish to
continue to support. Even today's meeting changed drastically in the past
two days. We have had more than 60 percent support for our petition since
August, and actually going back to June of this year we've had more than 60
percent support. It just was last weekend that we learned that three of the
supporters on Ross Road had reversed themselves, giving us virtually no
chance to find new supporters. Interestingly, however, is the fact that in
addition to withdrawing their support, the total of five people on Ross Road
sent a memo petition to Amy French on Monday asking that all the houses
on Ross Road be taken out of the SSO proposal. They've asked you to do
that. We would not object to that at all. We ask you to consider their
request to withdraw those six houses. As a result of those six houses being
withdrawn, there would be then 38 remaining houses in the SSO. We would
have 24 proponents of the overlay at that moment. Twenty-four of 38 is 63
percent and meets the requirements of the SSO. We would ask you to
remove Ross Road, because the residents of Ross Road want to be removed
from the SSO, and consider then that we would be at 63 percent which
meets the requirements for the SSO. If you do not do that, I am fearful that
                                                                     Page 55 of 104
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/4/16
