                          TRANSCRIPT
Transportation Official on that. That information may very well be available;
I just don't have it right now.

Mayor Burt: I think that's important. When we look at that and if this goes
forward and if it's an application, when it goes to the Planning and
Transportation Commission I'd really hope that we've got meaningful data.
It also looks at not only TDM programs that have existed representative but
what are emerging TDM measures, including things like just the whole
consideration of electric bikes and having shared electric bikes perhaps. We
talk about Zipcars, but Zip bikes may become at least as valuable and a
fraction of the space, fraction of the cost. For Stanford Research Park, it
makes the whole Research Park readily bike-able even for people who aren't
real serious bike riders. Finally, we don't have a zoning currently that allows
this number of units per acre. We have historic development in Palo Alto at
this kind of density. The President Hotel is a good example. We don't have
the zoning it does. We do have, with all of our zonings, limits on the Floor
Area Ratio. I've never been able to understand what was the historic
rationale for imposing units per acre limits on top of the Floor Area Ratio
limits. All it does is drive developers to having to build larger units than
they otherwise might be willing to do. The argument that I've—kind of the
pushback historically was we don't get the high units per acre because
developers historically get a better rate of return on larger units than they
do smaller units, so they don't build them. They haven't historically built
them. This is what has been the response for the 18 years that I've been on
the Planning Commission or the Council. It really didn't matter. It was a
moot point because we didn't get those projects proposed. If we create
certain mandates or zoning overlays that would discourage or say we don't
want large units like we've been talking about for the last several years and
as part of the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan discussion, I'm trying to
understand in that context why do we have a cap on units per acre in high-
density, multiunit dwellings. Do we know that?

Mr. Lait: I think the short answer would be to limit density and perceived
impacts associated with higher densities.       It's the character of the
neighborhood that you're trying to establish. You're absolutely correct. You
could use various zoning tools to modify what approach we might take. You
know from the RT—I think it's 50. Is it the RT-50? That's an example
where we don't have a density limit. We try to address the form and the
size of the ...

Mayor Burt: The RT-50?

Mr. Lait: Does not have a density restriction.


                                                                        Page 16 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
