                          TRANSCRIPT
you ask. Very briefly, you'd ask new housing policy for whom, and then
begin to answer that very specifically. You would then say where. I bet you
right now people in this room can name ten sites that could be considered.
Nobody would like them all, but they're the natural sites. It's not like
Portland. I read about last night an (inaudible). They got a swathe of land
for 8,000 homes, (inaudible) a whole new city. The third question is
something that's re-iterative, and at what cost. The cost won't be known
until much later in the process, but you can begin to speculate as you were
pushing the applicant here.       There's got to be three questions that
somebody comes up with, that won't throw you through a constant four year
loop of project-by-project for the kind of housing that Palo Alto—the corners
that need to be cut versus the pathway that you want. Let me give you a
Forrest Gump quote, and that is "I don't know where I am going, but I am
on my way." That's the way the City of Palo Alto seems to go. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mark Mollineaux to be followed by Patrick Slattery.

Mark Mollineaux: Hello there. I am Mark Mollineaux. I live in Redwood
City. I graduated from Stanford, and I would have like to live in Palo Alto
but I couldn't afford it. I'll keep my comments brief. In short, I think we
agree there's a problem in Palo Alto with housing. The system is broken.
High prices everywhere. This is a signal that everything is broken. This is a
result of ill-advised zoning decisions by essentially all the cities in this
region. Things are bad. It may not seem bad for local residents who don't
see the effects of this. They're locked into cheap houses with artificially low
property taxes. If you take the regional view, it's impossible to say things
aren't extremely bad. They need to be fixed. With this kind of stress, they
will be fixed one way or another. The Council has the possibility to fix things
locally, or it'll be fixed at some higher level by the State of California, which
holds the underlying authority of all of zoning. I hope the City is able to
solve it locally. It'll be better that way. Anyway it is, it'll take a long time
and a lot of effort to fix things with housing. Some decisions will be hard,
and some will be easy. I think this project is one of the easy ones. This is
60 great units in a really great, walkable area. I anticipate this should easily
pass. It really looks great. I would maybe hope I'd be able to live there
someday. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.      Patrick Slattery to be followed by Stephanie
Munoz.

Patrick Slattery: My name's Patrick Slattery. When I came down this
evening, I was concerned about a lot of the questions that have already
come up. I was concerned about the traffic, especially how they were going
to be able to keep people from having cars. That's an American thing. How

                                                                         Page 23 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
