                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for the excellent work and the great
presentation. A couple of questions. We had an Open Data Proclamation
back in 2014. Have we really adopted an Open Data Policy since then? I've
heard that Los Angeles (LA) has a pretty good one. I know San Jose is
voting on one tomorrow, really emphasizing this common value of open by
default. I just wanted to check whether that's something we've explored,
whether it's something we ought to explore. Then I've got one more
question after that.

Mr. Reichental: At this time, we are not pursuing a policy. Extensive dialog
with the City Attorney and City Manager, we thought a Proclamation was
appropriate, and we could adopt the qualities of open data across our
organization without having to make it compulsory or have repercussions if
you didn't do certain things. At the time, I recall—I agreed with this—part of
it was just the maturity of where we were at in our evolution here. I don't
think it's unreasonable that in some future date, not too far, that we would
want to mature this into a charter or a policy that had a bit more oomph to
it, but currently not.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd definitely be interested in exploring that. No
terrible rush. The fact that our neighbor San Jose is doing that this week,
just interesting timing. That got me thinking that's something we ought to
explore as appropriate. The other question I had relates to campaign
finance data. This is an area where the City of Palo Alto already has
available campaign finance data for ourselves and for candidates running for
local office. It's already available through the City website as a whole. Its
format is not, to use your phrase, machine consumable. You can't set up an
Application Programming Interface (API) key to just pull off the data as it
gets updated, as I understand. You can get it in PDF form which is a
nightmare to work with. You can also get some of it—I think it's a Comma
Separated Values (CSV) file. It's not part of our open data portal. I was
wondering if you've had any discussions with the City Clerk's Office about
putting it up on our—transitioning it over to our portal homepage maybe
under the government tab or somewhere else on the open data portal. Any
thoughts about campaign finance data being made available? Part of my
impetus for this is I've heard that the open disclosure team with code for
San Jose is working on collecting data on campaign finance around the
region. Making sure that that's available, that that's available to the public,
I think, is important to the public. I just wanted to know if there's been any
discussion among City Staff about that.

Mr. Reichental: I love that; terrific suggestion. I will personally commit to
meeting with Beth, our City Clerk, in the next couple of days. We have a
fairly easy process for taking data and uploading it. Assuming there's no
                                                                        Page 18 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
