                          TRANSCRIPT
actually achieve these things that require new funding. Mr. Friend, were you
saying you wanted to comment on that?

Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Mr. Friend: Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer. Thank you, Mayor, for
the chance to comment. One of the things we contemplated in the S/CAP
was that the funding streams conceivably could come from parking fees on
the model of the Stanford fee-bate program where parking charges there
were used to funding the Marguerite and other transportation alternatives
there. The details on that are yet to be worked out. Certainly the legal
questions that you've raised are yet to be worked out. In concept, we see a
connection between potential parking fees, which are currently subsidized at
a considerable value by the City and employers, that could be used to shift
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Agreed. The Council has discussed and is going to have in the
coming months our Downtown Parking Study, which will enable us to really
look at those things. For instance, this sixth block is much broader in its
ambition than what we are going to be considering in the Downtown
parking. Some portions of what we have here, that require new funding,
might be achieved through revenue streams such as parking fees. Others
are in all likelihood outside of that. I wanted to make sure that we
understand that as we consider the scenarios both now and when they come
back to us. We don't just go throwing around idealized solutions without us
really tackling the tougher issue of how do we achieve them and, where
necessary, how do we obtain the funding. Thank you. We'll now go to the
public. I have six cards so far. If anybody else would like to speak, please
fill out a card at this time. Our first speaker is Shani Kleinhaus, to be
followed by Neilson Buchanan. Welcome. Everyone has up to three minutes
to speak.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members. I'm Shani
Kleinhaus. I'm a resident; I'm on the CAC. I don't speak for the CAC, but
I'm on quite a few committees, all of which seem to be meeting in the next
few days, subcommittee including sustainability and land use and the natural
environment. There's a few more that are not in the next few days. I'm not
completely prepared with reading all the EIR comments tonight. You'll
excuse me; I'm trying to get all that work done. One comment I have is
how do you call those scenarios. You talked about and instructed Staff to
look at quality of life scenarios. That seemed to be a controversial issue,
quality of life. It was changed to community measures. I felt that quality of

                                                                       Page 35 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
