                          TRANSCRIPT
These are two cities that have the same population, arguably the same
quality of life, although I've heard people debate that Barcelona is probably
a little bit nicer than Atlanta, anybody who's lived in both. As you can see
here, one has seven tons of Carbon Dioxide (CO2) per capita; the other one
has 0.7 tons of CO2 per capita. In terms of energy footprint, the cost
difference for people spending on transportation is about 4X times between
these two. The answer is very obvious. Barcelona is very walkable, very
compact. Atlanta is one of the worst examples of urban sprawl in the U.S.
Palo Alto is in between these two in terms of density. What are the levers?
I dug into the history. This is one of my favorite cities at the bottom here,
Florence. You can see Florence is a little bit higher than our height limit
here in Palo Alto. The history is it's 29 meters which was the capped height
so that no family in 1200 could get ahead of the other families by building a
taller tower. It's an old height limit, but it's led to a very nice city. Any of
you who have been to Florence would probably agree quality of life there is
not bad. Same climate as here. Could we do something like this? You can
see very lovely streets at the ground level, still very friendly, but one or two
stories more than we have. For the areas near our train stations, California
Avenue (Cal. Ave.), Downtown, this is a viable option for increasing density
and walkability and adding a mixture of both office uses and residential
uses. Florence has done this completely by making downtown pedestrian
only. Here's a description from a tour guide of Florence: How do you get
around Florence by car? The answer is you park it and you start walking.
Not everybody obviously is up for that, but it's actually quite a nice way to
experience the city for anybody who's been there. I want to just highlight
some pictures. If you go back to that time I mentioned earlier, we had a
walkable City. This is Palo Alto at the turn of the century, the previous turn
of the century. People were walking or took this tram line that went down
the center of University Avenue. We kind of gradually engineered around
the car, fast forwarding here. You can see at this point it's pretty much all
cars. I don't see any pedestrians any more. This is the '60s. We've
brought the pedestrians, and there's certain days when we've brought a lot
of pedestrians back, and everybody's out on the streets. I show this picture
which is not Palo Alto just to show how you can do that in a modern
environment, Santana Row, and actually make it a nice place. If you think
that's hard because we're very busy, we have a lot of people, we have a lot
of businesses here, here's a city that has a lot more businesses. This is
what it looked like when I first went to New York. Here's New York a couple
of decades later. Here's New York today. This is Times Square obviously,
now mostly a pedestrian zone. The fascinating data point about New York—
this is where the research knowledge comes in—is what do you think
happened to pedestrian traffic at Times Square when they did this? It went
up, right? Obvious. What do you think happened to the speed of vehicle
transit through Times Square when they did this? Down, yes, that's what
                                                                         Page 20 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
