                          TRANSCRIPT
working with an organization called the Center for Climate Protection
promoting an idea called Community Choice Energy which is spreading
across the state. It's a number of people who wished that they had their
own municipal utilities; since they don't, they're trying to go halfway by
being able to procure their own energy and breaking away from the grip that
Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E) has upon their electricity supply. It's really
taking off in San Mateo County, and in much of Santa Clara County it'll be
starting within a year. The reason I'm bringing that up is because they all
have big plans to develop as much local solar energy as possible. Right
away in the start, there will probably be just very little. My guess is over the
next four or five or 10 years they'll have substantial amounts of local solar,
at least that's what they hope for. Matter of fact, quite a bit more than the
four percent. Who knows exactly what the implications are of that? One
can imagine actually, because of all the demand for solar, that there might
be an initial shortfall. Down the road, obviously if you ask for it, the supply
is going to increase. My point here is not to belabor that, but to say that
you know the benefits of local solar. I think it's very important at this point
in time to keep the tariff the way it is and allow Palo Alto to reach its target.
That's going to be requiring to have some commercial developers do this.
Once you reach that, then you can maybe relax the payback a little bit and
see how it works out. I think at this point in time it's very desirable to keep
the program the way it is. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Our next speaker is Vanessa Warheit, to be
followed by Herb Borock.

Vanessa Warheit: Thank you very much for moving this proposal off the
Consent Calendar last week. I'm another voice in favor of the Palo Alto
CLEAN pilot remaining at its current rate. Locally generated, clean electricity
is an essential part of our City's resilience efforts. Local solar arrays can be
tied into community micro-grids and supply our City with power in case of
emergency.       It's more efficient, because you don't lose energy in
transmission when you generate your power next door and don't have to
schlep it hundreds or thousands of miles. The Palo Alto CLEAN pilot project
was designed as a crucial step in fulfilling our stated goal of generating four
percent of our power locally. It does this by temporarily raising rates to help
bring in solar developers and sort out the permitting, construction tie-in
details, all the factors needed to pave the way for locally generated, large-
scale, clean electricity. Having been intimately involved with UUCPA solar
project and what it took to get that off the ground, I can assure this is a
really important component. What you also need to remember is that even
with the CLEAN program, as other people have pointed out, running its
course unhindered, even once the City's Net Metering program has been
fulfilled, we are still nowhere near meeting our goal of four percent. Another
                                                                          Page 59 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
