                         TRANSCRIPT
number of Board Members from the Friends of the Junior Museum and Zoo
here. They can wave. I can't say enough about these individuals, and
there's more than these. Their dedication and volunteerism and fundraising
has been just extraordinary. Thank them for being here, and also a shout
out to Aletha Coleman who's the President of the Board and has been for
some years. Just thank you for everything you've done, Aletha. Last but
not least, we also just want to thank the Staff that work at the Junior
Museum and Zoo. They're really the heart and soul of the program. While a
new building is great and much needed, the Staff really are the ones that
make it work. Their passion, their commitment, dedication to engage
children's curiosity in science and nature is really what makes the Junior
Museum and Zoo as special as it is.            Just a quick overview of the
presentation. We'll have a background on why we're embarking on this
project. We'll have an overview of the new Junior Museum and Zoo design.
We'll talk a little bit about the potential for an interim facility when we do
rebuild. We'll talk about an update to the fundraising and some estimated
costs. Then, we'll conclude with a timeline and then answer some questions.
We think about 20-25 minutes for the presentation. With that, I'll pass it
onto John to begin.

Mr. Aiken: I believe all of you are familiar with the facility. If you've gone
to the bathroom, there are only four fixtures for all of our guests. It's long
overdue for a renovation. In fact, in 1997 the Adams and Associates
Infrastructure Management Study Report recommended that the facility was
overdue for a major renovation. The Friends, when they began this process
really 14 years ago, commissioned MKThink, an architectural firm out of San
Francisco, to do a feasibility study and look at what the possibilities were
with the site and with the facility. They recommended actually tearing down
and rebuilding, not even a major renovation but a complete rebuild. In
October of 2014, Council approved a letter of intent recognizing or really
authorizing Staff to work with the Friends formally to draft an agreement for
the design and construction of the Junior Museum and Zoo (JMZ) and
agreements for operation and management of the JMZ. We're still in
process with that, and we're going to touch on many of the things that are
being talked about in those agreements tonight. Let me give you a little bit
of background about the people that we serve and kind of what we do for
the community. We have two audiences really. Our drop-in visitors come to
interact with science exhibits and live animals. We estimate over 150,000
visits a year now. Our audience is mostly kids that are 0-9 years of age.
About a quarter of them or less are from Palo Alto. It means that people are
coming from elsewhere, and that elsewhere is really about 15-20 miles in
either direction. It really is our neighboring communities and Palo Alto.
Many, many of them, 74 percent, are repeat visitors, which are the statistics
that any museum would envy to have. We believe it's because we're easy,
                                                                          Page 4 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
