                          TRANSCRIPT
had slipped from how they were interpreted 15 years ago when they started.
Either way, the interpretations they've been having are not adequately
sensitive for using in Eichler neighborhoods. If I was going forward, going to
allow second stories in Eichler neighborhoods, I'd want much stronger
Guidelines on the privacy and kind of the mass and scale and those issues.
When do we think that we would see these prospective Guideline changes?

Mr. Lait: I think we are probably two to three weeks out from getting a final
draft complete for Staff to review. As I noted, there's a couple of items.
When we have that, I believe the idea was we were going to go back to the
Commission? We were going to present that to the Planning Commission for
feedback. I will say that in the last better part of a year, we have taken a
different tack on the IRs. We have been looking at them more closely. I
know that there's been some criticisms of the process in the past. We've
been trying to address that at a Staff level.

Mr. Keene: Can I just interrupt? I'm a little concerned we're maybe mixing
up two streams here. We have an IR process review. You're bringing up a
particular question, though, as I understand, that might be Eichler specific in
some ways on the second-story component.

Mayor Burt: Actually I think it needn't be Eichler specific. It's circumstantial
actually. The circumstances of Eichlers have a whole bunch of glass walls,
open. When we put privacy guidelines from second stories in Individual
Review, it all along should have been protecting those circumstances more
than it has. I'm not so sure it's Eichler specific. Either way, it's going to
inform my thoughts on a one year ordinance, whether that critical
component would be addressed through the IR review process
improvements or a more heavy-handed one year moratorium is needed.
That's why I'm asking.

Mr. Lait: I think by the time it came back up to the Council, we're talking
many months for your consideration. Not three, not four. It's least a half a
year just on these IR Guidelines. That evaluation of the process and
recommendations to make modifications to that process, that's what we're
doing presently.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think I'm sort of trying to drill wells in the same
sort of field as the Mayor a second ago. It seems like the direction we're
going is we're going to allow second stories as long as they are
architecturally compatible with the neighborhood. That seems to be sort of
the general direction we're going. The issue that Council Member DuBois is
trying to target—this is going to end up with a question for Staff. How do
                                                                         Page 78 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
