                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'm interested in the process the Mayor described
with doing some straw polling and trying to group things quickly.

Mr. Keene: The Mayor's introductory comments were really speaking to the
next steps at the Council level about how you start to mash up this
component ultimately with the other pieces. You've got to do some work on
the Transportation Element itself. There's no doubt, with all due respect,
this Council can take what we think is a very simple Consent item and
deconstruct it and turn it into a lot of stuff. The idea of reconciling
transportation and land use simultaneously, even though they need to be
done, it really is going to take some real work by the Council, digging into
each one and then starting to reconcile them.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I just wanted to quickly follow up on Council
Member DuBois' comments. I had had the same anticipation based on the
Council's comments and direction before, that this would be—our current
Comp Plan isn't broken. Some updating and editing and such. I don't want
to anticipate what the Council's going to do with this. It's really difficult to
try to compare this with our current Comp Plan that isn't broken. It's largely
a total rewrite and a lot of additions. I heard your comment to begin with.
It's like it's impossible to do a redline version because it is so very different.
Are we going to be looking at the same thing when we see the other
chapters? Is it going to be what the Council direction was, I thought, which
was our current Comp Plan isn't broken. We look for some updates and
some changes here and there, but not a rewrite or is it going to be like this
where it's like oh, my gosh?

Ms. Gitelman: The CAC's work is being driven to a large extent by the
Council's direction on goals. With the Transportation Element, the Council's
direction was to use the goal structure that the PTC had recommended with
a few adjustment. I thought the Council had a very full discussion back in—
it was early 2015 I think. We've tried to use that as the base. Others on the
Council are recognizing transportation is one of those issues that we all care
about deeply. You spend the kind of time and energy on it that the CAC
has, and you're going to end up recommending some changes. We will do
what we can to bring some kind of—it's not going to be a track changes
version, but some kind of cheat sheet so you can do the cross walk between
the original and the current draft. There's no question that we are proposing
some changes. Although, we think some of the central themes of the
existing element, in fact all of them, are maintained, and we've added the
additional goal on traffic congestion and this new complexity that the State
has handed us on Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) in addition to Level of

                                                                           Page 87 of 90
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/15/16
