                         TRANSCRIPT
outlined in red, 9 of them either go by schools, a number of schools, or busy
shopping centers where you have heavy cross-traffic, especially of kids
during the day, or you have collision rates above 4. The majority of the
numbers that come in this chart, just by the chart, seem to say, "Wait a
minute. These aren't the streets that we want to be increasing rates at a
rapid pace." I think you need to have data that has identified the streets
that you think are reasonable to do. Just personally, I drive home on Alma
Street after Council meetings, 11:30 at night, drive probably …

Mr. Keene: Be careful. Sergeant Lee is here.

Council Member Schmid: It is very hard to see those signs saying the speed
limit is 35 when you can look up miles ahead, miles back and there's no one
else on the street. It's very tempting, but I use my time instead to calculate
and figure I go about 2 1/2 miles on Alma. If I exceeded the speed limit by
10 miles an hour, I'd save something like 90 seconds. It's a trivial game for
upping the speed limit by 5 miles an hour. If we could just convince people
that the speed limits are there for a reason and a purpose, it's mostly kids,
pedestrians, collisions, accidents. A couple of minutes of time is not a big
deal.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, if I just might clarify something here. Maybe I
misunderstood what the Staff was saying. In the report so far, what I've
heard our Staff say is that they would favor looking at reducing speed limits
in some areas around schools and pursuing some design options that might
calm traffic to slow speeding down. These 14 that have been identified have
been identified as needing to have a speed limit increase in order to provide
radar enforcement in order to control speeding.          The Staff has not
recommended any of these and, as a matter of fact, made the point that
that was not a recommendation. It was putting out the data and the
requirements under State law if we wanted to be able to more strictly
enforce through the use of radar. I think that's really, really important,
because I think even some of the media stories picked up that as the Staff
recommendation. That is not the recommendation. It is laying out the facts
under State law as to what it would take to provide greater enforcement
through radar use.

Council Member Schmid: I guess my using this is—very clearly there's the
redline marks and three of them go through schools zones, some two or
three schools zones. It's clear that the data we have is raising questions.

Mayor Burt: First, I'll say that Council Member Kniss alluded to that this has
been a discussion that's occurred in the community every—I think the last
time was over a decade ago. I don't know to what extent Staff had an

                                                                         Page 42 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
