                         TRANSCRIPT
percent of those streets, 30-40 percent of those streets that are actually in
the program. The remainder of the streets in the eligibility area are not
participating in the program today; therefore, we have not sold any permits
for those spaces on those streets.

Council Member Holman: I understand. That's not exactly my question. My
question is why—I guess I didn't state it very well. My question is if you're
Seneca, Hamilton, Forest—I see what you're responding to. My question is
why are we selling employee permits on those streets that have opted in.
That's probably a decision that was made earlier here. What would we be
putting back into the other section if we didn't sell there and Waverley and
Kingsley and Bryant?

Ms. Atkinson:     You're correct that that's a decision that was made
previously, when Phase 2 was first implemented. To the question of what
would happen if—to be clear, only annual permits are sold for those streets.
There are no daily permits sold for Zones 9 and 10. That was also a decision
made previously. To the question of what would the effect be if there were
no employee permits sold in those zones, the overall occupancies in other
zones would increase, and we would see more crowding.

Council Member Holman: By what kind of numbers? Obviously they'd have
to go somewhere. What kind of numbers would we be talking about? Do
you have any notion?

Mr. Mello: Eight, 9 and 10 are still undersold. They're not very popular with
employees because of the distance from the Downtown core. It would be a
pretty small number of permits that would be rescinded.

Council Member Holman: If it's a small number of permits—I will wait until
other Council Members have a chance to comment—I'd say let's not sell
commercial permits in those streets.

Mr. Mello: That would also be a change to the Resolution that was passed in
February.

Council Member Holman: That would be coming back in December, correct?
January now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I appreciate the opportunity to kind of wrap my
head around everything. We have 2,000 permits available technically for
sale to employees. The table we have on Page 4 of the Staff Report shows
us that allocation per zone. There are 2,000 total. One proposal tonight is
                                                                      Page 96 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
