                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. The applicant represented to us that he
worked with Staff on this. It seems like Staff's tried to minimize the
exceptions. It doesn't seem how this site could be developed in a way that
doesn't have some exception given the remainder parcel. This seems
reasonable to me. I don't see people concerned about the actual lot split. I
see them concerned about issues of the development, which is really the
ARB issue, which would really be an appeal of the ARB findings, if people are
unhappy with it. I think we should move forward on this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just a couple of quick comments. First of all, just
a request to Staff. If you could please include ARB Minutes on something
like this. They were online; it was hard to find them. Finding them, the ARB
seemed pretty much in agreement. Again, it was useful just to read those
Minutes. I think Council Member Scharff hit one of the issues. I think the
lot's actually over 30,000 square feet, so there's no way to divide it into
three and not have one be over 10,000 essentially.

Mr. Lait: Right. It's like 30,800 and something.

Council Member DuBois: One lot is going to be noncompliant. I am a little
bit concerned about the comments about the dewatering. That doesn't
seem practical, but if there was a way to stagger that, I think that would be
good. Again, an appeal could be filed tomorrow. Is that correct?

Mr. Lait: Yes. I have the …

Council Member DuBois: If that's correct, we're being asked to look at a
subdivision. A subdivision makes sense to me. If there are enough
neighbors that have a concern about the actual design, the process there is
to file an appeal. That's not really before us today. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was just going to respond quickly to the
maximum lot size. That's actually something that was put in place when I
was on the Commission. That was put in place because we were actually
losing housing units, because a lot of lot combining was occurring. That's
why the maximum lot size is in place. It was also dramatically and
negatively affecting neighborhood character. One other question I have for
Staff. The third lot—I've forgotten which number it is. One of the lots, Lot
1—no, I'm sorry. Lot 3—I guess it is—would be the large, noncompliant lot.
Was there any thought of doing something that we also don't allow, just like

                                                                        Page 28 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/14/16
