                          TRANSCRIPT
do this now if they look a little. I think the Vice Mayor eloquently described
it a month or so ago as they have to knock on a few more doors. I believe
our biggest problem is housing low and middle income people who can't pay
$2,000 a month for a one-bedroom, and that includes people like Windy Hill
mentioned, teachers, City Staff, first responders and so forth. These are
plus-one people who add extra value to our community just by being here.
If we had more of these community workforce people here, that would be
public value. That's not going to happen if these folks have to bid for their
housing against high-paid tech workers like the 6,500 that Facebook is going
to put in Menlo Park next door over the next couple of years. Tonight's just
a Study Session. It's Public Facility land. I think we ought to deed restrict
to City employees and School District employees. That would be community
workforce housing. Maybe that's not the exact mechanism, but it's simple.
We had a bunch of discussion about preferences and so forth earlier, and
that's all good too, but it seemed a little fluid to me. If you list it at $2,000
a month, you're not going to fill it up with teachers. If you can't find any
teachers after six months, then it's going to be engineers like I used to be a
lot of years ago. Maybe there's some other way, but it's got to have teeth in
it. You actually have to have lower rent than $2,000 a month in order for
this to work. Maybe it's not deed restrictions, maybe just some kind of
zoning mechanism. I actually do like this kind of mechanism. It's not a
blunt instrument, as blunt as rent control because you still have market
forces at work, just sort of a smaller market. This is the way that Stanford
housed a lot of its faculty. I think we ought to learn from that. Plus, by
definition, all these folks would be working in town, not commuting in or out
somewhere. In principle, it's an ideal group to use bikes or other forms of
non-automobile transit.       I'm not sold we ought to be going around
converting Public Facility land to commercial uses. I think if we're serious
about community workforce housing, then eventually we're going to have to
pay for it. This is one way to do that. If we're entertaining rezoning Public
Facility land and up-zoning for density, then the public ought to get
compensated for it. I think we ought to give this kind of mechanism some
real consideration. As Neilson point out, if we can make a program like this
work here, then maybe we can replicate it other places. If we let this go by,
I think we're going to miss a real opportunity. If we don't go this direction,
if we just up-zone it and it goes on the market and so forth, I don't see that
it makes sense to change the Public Facility zoning. If we're willing to tackle
something like this, where there's real community benefit, then we ought to
consider it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I'd just like to pause and see if the City Attorney has any
guidance on the issues that Council Member Filseth raised. If we're going to
be having any follow-up discussion, we have that in the context of what's

                                                                         Page 31 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
