                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Now, we can return to questions for the Staff. Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First question for Staff. As we were looking at
this, clearly this hasn't been fully fleshed out yet. If we did move forward
with something for this fall, if a company's already contributing and
participating in a significant way with either the Stanford Research Park
(SRP) TDM Working Group or with our TMA, would they receive any sort of a
discount or incentive or waiver from the tax we're considering?

Mr. Keene: Council Member Wolbach, we did not have the opportunity to
get into that discussion in any detail. If you hear from folks in the Research
Park, for example, they'll probably be able to give you more impacts as it
relates to that, just given the nature of some of the established relationships
that they have. For the Downtown TMA, the contribution base to the TMA is
slight right now. This would only effect a couple—this issue right now would
only be present for a couple of businesses, I think, at this point in time. In
other words, what does this mean about our current contributions?

Council Member Wolbach: I guess my question is in the way this would be
structured, would it be set up as basically like a stick to encourage people to
become more active in one of these broader TDM efforts. If you participate
in the TMA or the Stanford Research Park TDM Working Group, you get a
discount or you get some kind of a waiver so that there would be an
either/or rather than hitting them twice and reducing the interest. I saw this
on—actually there's no page number. There was this question, does your
business currently contribute to the TMA. If yes, if Palo Alto businesses paid
a transportation tax, would you continue to voluntarily contribute to a TMA.
The number of businesses that said yes was slim to none. That's why I'm
kind of (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: Particularly in the nearer term, we'd be really hard pressed to
define in relation to structuring the tax itself how all those kind of "what-ifs"
work. That being said, it has seemed that one of the primary intentions of
the Council for pursuing a tax like this would be to provide a funding stream
that could definitely invest in and supplement TDM measures that, in many
ways, we've got some gaps in how we provide that funding now.

Council Member Wolbach: In the structure for what we've been exploring
here, would hotels which are facing recently increased TOT tax receive any
proportional discount or waiver? Would there be any exemption for hotels
based on the fact that they're already paying a recently increased TOT? Was
that part of the discussion?

Mr. Keene: I don't think we had that discussion.
                                                                          Page 58 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
