                         TRANSCRIPT
Operations Manager. I'm here tonight to talk about our 2016 Utility Public
Health Goals Report. As Ed said, this can get pretty detailed. I'm going to
try and keep it at a pretty high level. I can go deeper into any of these
topics if you request it. I think it's important to note, just as Ed did, that
this is an obligatory public hearing. This Report isn't about problems with
our water system. We've a well-run system with high quality water, and we
regularly receive positive feedback from the State Water Resources Board
about how we run it. We meet our regulatory requirements. This Report is
about goals set by the Office of Environmental Health and Hazard
Assessment. They are not regulatory requirements, but there is a regulatory
requirement that we report when we exceed these public health goals every
three years. These background slides—essentially what we're talking about
here are certain regulatory requirements set by the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) and the State Water Resources Board. We manage
our system; we monitor weekly and monthly and on a whole variety of
timeframes to make sure that we stay within these goals, within these
maximum limits. Generally we're compliant with the one exception of
coliform that we'll talk about in a moment. Generally, we're compliant on
coliform as well, but we've had a couple of instances in the last three years,
so we exceeded. What we're talking about tonight, though, are not those
regulatory limits, but rather these public health goals. These public health
goals are set by the Office of Environmental Health and Hazard Assessment.
They represent a level below which a contaminant does not pose a
significant risk to health. Public health goals are usually lower than the
regulatory limits, often by quite a bit. They don't take into consideration
whether it's technically or economically feasible to actually achieve those
levels. Water can be considered perfectly acceptable for drinking even if it
contains contaminants in excess of the Public Health Goals Report. The
public health goal doesn't necessarily represent a dividing line over which
water is unsafe. As I said, we're required to submit one of these—to provide
these reports once every three years. In the last three years, we've
exceeded the public health goals on two contaminants. One is coliform, and
the other is lead. I'll start with coliform here. Coliform bacteria are
organisms that are generally—they're pretty common in nature. There
aren't particularly known health effects associated with them, but they are
an indicator organism that we use to establish how well our disinfection is
working. It's not uncommon to have occasional coliform bacteria show up in
your water. It can be the result of debris accumulating in a line, a
contaminated sample port. It can be related to low flows on the system that
allowed debris to accumulate. It can be associated with high flows where
the water is delivered too quickly and doesn't have time for the disinfectant
to work. The drought has likely contributed in the last few years due to
lower flows and the fact that we've been flushing the system less to save
water. Generally, we review our system, and we work with the San
                                                                         Page 56 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
