                         TRANSCRIPT
District initiated the closure of 14 schools. At the same time, reductions in
bus service occurred due to school budget constraints. This led to longer
school commutes for students and increased numbers of students crossing
busier intersections.     In the late 1970s, the City and School District
established the City School Traffic Safety Committee to address student
travel concerns given the school closures and lack of busing. The Committee
recommended the siting of additional adult crossing guards on routes where
busing was no longer available. Between the 1970s and the early 1990s,
due to the cuts in busing, a negative feedback loop was set in motion where
parents drove to school, creating less safe conditions. This lack of safety
meant fewer parents were willing to allow their students to walk and bike
which led to more cars at school, less safety and fewer students arriving on
foot or by bike. By 1993-94, Parent Teacher Association (PTA) members
initiated a conversation about congestion and safety issues at the schools.
This led to some nascent partnership activity. The City and School District
created task forces to engage in self-study, conducting engineering studies
and parent surveys. These activities led to the establishment of the third
grade bike education program in 1994. A more robust education program
developed over time along with some school access and engineering
changes. In 2005, Staff became aware of the national movement to
improve rates of active transportation for school children.         A national
coalition had formed to increase opportunities for student walking and biking
to school so that students could enjoy the benefits of active transportation
including improved physical and mental health; safer, less crowded streets;
increased independence; improved academic performance; and fewer
greenhouse gas emissions.         This national coalition created a national
consensus statement with a framework on how to address student travel to
school. In 2006, the City, School District and PTA Council endorsed the
national partnership consensus statement which is the date we acknowledge
as the beginning of our Safe Routes to School partnership. The partnership
is a collaboration of the three entities with a mission to reduce risk to
students on their school commutes and to encourage more families to
choose alternatives to driving solo more often. The City School Traffic
Safety Committee that had been created in the 1970s became the task force
for the Safe Routes to School program. Representatives from these partners
meet monthly during the school year to share information, solve problems
and communicate about changes to the road network or campus access that
affect student commutes. I'll briefly—sorry. The partnership uses a five Es
approach to improving student travel. We educate students and parents on
how to use our roads safely. We encourage through various means families
to try walking and biking, carpooling or transit when possible. Our police
enforce our traffic laws for both cyclists and drivers while both the City and
the School District engineer safer spaces for our students on their
commutes. Our PTA aids City Staff in evaluating our program. I'll talk
                                                                        Page 2 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
