                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I guess it works. It seems like we're mixing two
different ideas in that sentence, but that's okay.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Then we need to get rid of "assuming job growth below
Scenario Two."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Motion Part E, “below Scenario 2
including” after “regulating employment.”

Mayor Burt: Okay. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think Number Five now is kind of mixing two
things.   We're talking about office development and then regulating
employment. They're two different things. I think that doesn't strike what
Council Member DuBois was after.        It says "evaluate mechanisms for
regulating employment densities in existing buildings." Another bullet would
be "evaluate lower general office and R&D development than Scenario Two."
That's what would make it clear.

Mayor Burt: Do you really mean to limit it to general office and R&D or is it
jobs? I think separating the two are fine, but I didn't know that the intent
was specifically to those categories of employment.

Council Member Holman: I'm just trying not to include retail and personal
service. Generally how we've talked about office caps has been general
office and R&D.

Mayor Burt: That's a proposal to the maker and seconder.

Council Member Holman: That would take it out of Number Five.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we're getting beyond the intent which was if
Staff can come up with a quality of life one without going to the more
extreme measures which I have heard Hillary talk about, I think that's good.
If you can only do it by coming up with the extreme measures, then go and
suggest to us that this is what it'll take. That's want I want. That's the
direction I want. I want to know what it is broadly. I'm not going to accept
that.

Council Member Holman: Is there a second, if I offer to separate the
amendment? The reason is because I want it to be clear what the policy
direction would be to Staff.

Mayor Burt: You need to first see if you have a second before speaking to it.

                                                                       Page 64 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
