                         TRANSCRIPT
their ratings of street repairs excellent or good has increased from 53
percent to 51 percent. Forty-three to 51, excuse me. On Slide 11, a little
bit more about the built environment. One of the key things on this slide is
how workload has increased over time. The number of building permits
issued—these are processed by Development Services—has increased 13
percent in the past five years, but the average days to the first plan check
response has declined 23 percent. Even though the workload has gone up,
they've improved their efficiency in processing those plan checks. Also, the
average days to issue a permit has gone down from 44 to 25 days, so both
areas have improved efficiency despite the increased workload. Same thing
in Planning. Planning applications increased 29 percent from 329 to 425.
The completed number of applications also increased by a larger percentage,
48 percent. Again, more productivity based on the greater volume. In
Planning, the ARB applications also increased, but the number of Staff-level
applications is a greater part of that.         Even though the number of
applications increased 34 percent, the average amount of time to complete
them didn't increase at as high of a rate. It increased at 23 percent. One of
the notable things in the National Citizen Survey is that only 40 percent of
the residents rated land use planning and zoning as excellent or good
compared to a 49 percent rating in 2010. Moving on to Slide 12 on
community engagement. One of the key things about this is how well do
residents engage in the community by volunteering their time. The question
asked how much they volunteered in the last 12 months, and that has gone
down quite a bit from 51 percent to 41 percent which is actually also
reflected in the City data. In the Performance Report, you can see that total
volunteer hours throughout the City declined 22 percent from about 22,000
to about 17,000.        Some of those hours were the time that people
volunteered to help with restorative and resource management projects,
neighborhood park hours and library hours. Volunteer hours in all those
areas decreased. However, the National Citizen Survey shows that the
opportunities are still there. They only went down one point from 81 percent
to 80 percent which is within the margin of error and not considered a
significant change. Despite people recognizing that the opportunities are
they, they are not actually volunteering as many hours. However, more
people did participate in the community garden program, about 30 percent
more than in 2010. Slide 13, moving on to the economy facet. I have a
couple of slides on this. The first one on Slide 13 is talking about the City's
expenditures. This slide is a little bit different than what you have in your
slide handout. The first bullet on your slide handout says City operating
expenditures increased 8.3 percent. Those are actually the Enterprise Fund
expenditures. I've added a bullet that talks about the City's General Fund
operating expenditures increasing 16.7 percent. Some of the areas where
those funds were spent for staffing. FTE staffing actually declined 2.6
percent from 1,055 to 1,028. That is both Enterprise and operating.
                                                                          Page 5 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
