                          TRANSCRIPT
There's something going on over there." The third strategic issue I think
about is places. Let me just make comments on certain places. I've said
before we have a big decision about Foothill Park. I think you make the
point on Page 95 that it's a big, important decision and you'd like to get
some input. We're waiting for a hydrology study. For the public, that is an
absolute and complete mystery. What is it? How can anyone think about
how do you use it and what activities might be appropriate, natural uses
versus more engaged activity, if they don't see it. I think as part of this
Master Plan there should be a way of getting community engaged in this gift
of 7.7 acres out there, of at least seeing and knowing and starting to think
about it. Cubberley is mentioned on Packet Page 84. That is a critical part
of our community field activity. Unfortunately, it's not part of Cubberley that
the City owns. It's the school's part. If the school needs something out
there, those fields make up about half of what's left. The fields and gym
might make up two-thirds of the space they have. We have to work with
them closely. How do we make sure that those fields remain in the Parks
Master Plan? The Baylands 10 acres is nice. If you've ever tried to cross the
freeway, especially from south Palo Alto, between 4:00 P.M. and 6:30 P.M.,
you need to add on a good 15 or 20 extra minutes onto your trip. That's a
constraint. Is there a mitigation we can take to get those fields used in
some appropriate way that can deal with the traffic? There's "a preserve
called Esther Clark." I don't know why it isn't a park; it's a preserve. It's
listed up there with Arastradero and the Baylands and Foothill. There's just
one problem, how do you get to it? There are zero parking places available.
It's a park off the mainstream. If you want people to use it, you've got to
have access of some kind to it or let's take it off the list. Let's use it for
something else. It's a beautiful Foothill spot. It's closer than Arastradero,
but it's virtually unused. Finally, I'd put in a word for the Matadero Creek.
On Packet Page 102, there's a statement that there's a lot of different uses
that could be made of that creek. I think that is very appropriate to get the
whole community on the creek side there. Those are my thoughts. Thank
you very much for what you've done and what you're doing. I'm a heavy
user of the park on weekends and weekdays and hope they are maintained
into the future.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, guys, very much for all the work
you've done so far and the work that you all do before—what was it?
Midnight on New Year's Eve—to get this back to us and for the presentation
today. From a macro level, I love the creation of both dog park and park
restroom policies, that use quantitative metrics to determine where it could
possibly make sense to have a dog park or a public restroom. In my time on
Council, I feel like our quest for a dog park has just been kind of
                                                                       Page 13 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
