                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Could I ask the consultant? Have you done work
in other communities? San Francisco neighborhoods have very vibrant
commercial districts. Don't they have mixed use requirements?

Ms. Eisberg: Yes. I think one thing you'll want to think about is what kind
of Downtown you want.        We've already heard some discussion about
personal services being appropriate on University Avenue or not. I do think
in this kind of Downtown context, although housing is very important on the
ground level, there are some privacy issues. People having windows, even
living room windows, facing onto the public sidewalk in high foot traffic areas
is not always desirable from the tenant's perspective. University Avenue
may not be the appropriate place for a ground-floor residential unit, but
away from those sort of less traffic areas, residential uses may be
appropriate.

Council Member Schmid: No, I'm not thinking of ground floor but above the
ground floor. Should we create incentives on what's going on on the ground
that would increase mixed use development with housing as a part of it?

Ms. Eisberg: I think it is something very desirable from communities. When
you talk to developers, they often are more challenged by doing actually
mixed-use buildings from a financing perspective. Otherwise, it's sort of
easier for them to do single use or a commercial office development with
ground-floor retail as opposed to residential above retail. I think it's often
desirable from a community perspective, but can be actually challenging
from implementation.

Council Member Schmid: Although, the implementation might be the other
way around. If you can get more value from your square foot of the land,
it's easier then to stick housing above and around.

Ms. Eisberg: You're suggesting creating incentives, which may be—if you
have the right incentives, then maybe yes. That's a possibility.

Council Member Schmid: Where does that discussion of mixed use housing
come in, say, for the SOFA area?

Mr. Lait: That'll be part of your Comp Plan discussion that's coming up. I
think you said next month or something.

Ms. Lee: November 28th.

Mr. Lait: November. Council Member Schmid, if I could also—you were
asking these questions about education and schooling and coding classes
and things of that nature. I did some quick look in the Code. There is a
                                                                       Page 67 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
