                         TRANSCRIPT
downturn, but especially if there's another recession, I hope that we
remember to think systemically, to think about financial responsibility and to
choose wisely and to choose well. Because we've had a golf course in Palo
Alto, I am not going to be the one to say let's get rid of it because we want
to save some money. I'll be honest. I am not banking on this being a
money maker. We might end up losing money on this, but it's important.
We don't make money on Foothills Park, but it's an important amenity for
the community. If we can make money on this, great. Don't get me wrong.
Again, when it comes time for some of these other hard choices, I hope that
we remember to think carefully and be willing to say no to some things that
might be potential boondoggles and ask the hard question about whether
something is an ego project or necessary for the community's well-being. I
do have one question I should have asked earlier. I'm sorry if I missed it in
the Staff Report. Are we envisioning having for members of the community,
especially Palo Alto residents who are say lower income—I know we haven't
passed—fee reductions or free club rental or anything like that? Especially
after the testimony we heard from the public today, it's driven home what a
great opportunity the game golf can be. I want to make sure it's available
for those who might not have the financial resources.

Mr. de Geus: Thank you for the question, Council Member Wolbach. We are
certainly looking at that. We want to provide as much access as possible. I
can tell you we're very youth friendly at the course. We work closely with
the two high schools, in particular, so they can play at no cost. We also
have middle school programs out there. We don't have a dedicated fee
reduction program yet, but it's something we're going to take a good look
at.

Council Member Wolbach: I hope you'll keep us up to date as those
discussions continue. I appreciate that consideration by Staff.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid:       Look forward to having a round of golf in
December 2017 on a great new course. Just a clarification. We're voting for
Option Number 1, that is the option where we're only looking at the cost
moving forward. We have $2 million of expenditures to date. Do we need
to put something in here to state that if they do have excess funding, we
could make a claim for that?

Mr. Keene: If I might add. I think we're closer to $1 million than $2 million,
somewhere in between there is the difference. My recommendation would

                                                                      Page 111 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
