                          TRANSCRIPT
distance offsite that was affected was less than 100 feet. It was 96 feet or
something like that.     Subsequent to that, there was some additional
modeling that was a hyper, worse, worse case where the distance would
potentially go farther, but AECOM itself recognized that that study was
highly unrealistic. CPI has submitted at least two different expert opinions
that question the assumptions and methodology of that study. I think that
study got to 600 feet or something. The 300 feet, it's well beyond what we
think is reasonable based on that first modeling exercise, and it's in line with
what the City had already adopted for Tier 3 facilities. That's how we got
there.

Council Member Schmid: That's helpful. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights or hands. We will now go to the public.
Our first speaker is Romola Georgia. Welcome. To be followed by Arthur
Lieberman.

Public Hearing opened at 7:38 P.M.

Romola Georgia: Thank you. Good evening, Council Members, Mayor Burt
and Staff. I'm Romola Georgia, and I have lived in the Barron Park
neighborhood for 36 years now. I really want to thank Council and Staff for
its long work regarding the health risks of toxic chemicals, the work about
zoning and amortization. I commend the Council for directing the two
ordinances under consideration tonight to be written. I particularly wish to
thank the City Attorney and the Planning Director for their tireless,
persistent, and creative work on this difficult issue. Council directed Staff to
pursue negotiations with CPI and the neighbors, and they have diligently
worked to fulfill your request. Approving tonight's ordinances is a big step
towards your important Council Priority, that is the health and safety of we,
the residents. Operations that use large quantities of toxic chemicals should
not be located right next to homes. Please vote tonight to approve the
zoning and amortization ordinances. This is the moment for Palo Alto to
begin a fair process that helps CPI move its plating facility and all toxic and
hazardous materials away from our homes.               Barron Park has been
petitioning you and waiting now for 10 years. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Arthur Lieberman, to be
followed by Robert Moss. I have no other speaker cards. Thank you.

Arthur Lieberman: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. My name is
Art Lieberman. I've spoken to the Council on many occasions in the past
about our neighborhood's concern about the hazardous materials at CPI.
The hazardous materials ordinance that's been proposed tonight by Staff
does a terrific job, in my view, in identifying the concerns of residents, which
                                                                          Page 31 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
