                          TRANSCRIPT
energy. I'm not sure I’m willing to give up the freedom that I have of
building a house or living in a neighborhood and choosing what I want to do
for something as simple as consistency and lack of diversity which is core to
what makes America and American values great. Thank you for rejecting
the proposal for SSO. Appreciate it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Ruiping Huang. Welcome.

Ruiping Huang:       Good evening, Council Members.          Thanks for the
opportunity to speak here. I live on the Janice Way. I'm a new resident in
the neighborhood from last year. I'm here to oppose SSO. I actually feel
really welcomed in my neighborhood. I see a lot of neighbors here, but I do
not believe SSO actually will solve the problems of our neighbors. One of
the things that our previous speakers already mentioned, so I'll be really
brief here, is SSO does not preserve Eichler architecture. We were told a
new home can be built actually in non-Eichler style. Having an SSO is not
necessarily helping preserve the Eichler-style home. The second thing
around Eichler-style home is, because we live in the flood zone, we were told
also the new building standard will be allowing three to five feet higher. It's
not necessarily helping the privacy issue either. Coming from a new area
into this very welcome neighborhood, I really like the harmony. I like the
kids running around, having not worry about other bad things happening to
them. I want to see if there's any other midway to find a solution here. I'm
actually against SSO, but I'm asking for reconsider the design guideline.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Padma Kotha.

Padma Kotha: Hi. I live at 3391 Greer Road, and I strongly oppose SSO.
Our house is 1,350 square foot on a lot of 7,000 square foot. Even though
mathematically we can build 2,950 square foot in a single story, it won't be
possible due to setbacks and easements. We have 20-foot setbacks in front
and rear, and additional utility easements on the right. Moreover, if we
expand single story, we will be left with no backyard. Greer being a busy
street, there will be no yard for kids to play. I don't think privacy is a
concern if my neighbor wants to build a second story. I have seen in many
houses nice shades that roll up when privacy is needed. Shades can be
rolled down; otherwise, they can be rolled up for most part. In this age of
drones, there is no assurance of privacy if someone wants to be malicious. I
request the Council to fix two process steps before approving any SSO in
Palo Alto. First, conduct an official ballot either in person or through
postcards instead of asking neighbors to go and collect signatures. Second,
change the percent needed to undo SSO from 70 percent to 30 percent. I
request the City Council not to push the homeowners towards litigation. It is


                                                                        Page 53 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
