                         TRANSCRIPT
sidewalk repairs for example, this would have had a full check except there
was some policy work and some forward planning we did not quite get
finished. Just scanning through them—sorry—up on the board, more for the
public to give a sense of the range of issues. Again, just projects within the
four Priority areas for 2015. I guess I am going to go through all of them
fast. Again, some of our thinking on some of these projects, like on the
housing funds availability, we really shifted our attention as you know last
year to setting aside money for Buena Vista and trying to work through that
as the main focus for what we would do as a City. TMA formation, shuttle
expansion. One of the challenges you will see—the Vice Mayor and I were
just briefly talking about this—is that we have a lot of projects, as you know,
concentrated in the Comp Plan and the Built Environment area. Those
demands fall disproportionately on some of our department [video
malfunction]. All of these projects and this work in the year went a lot more
slowly than I'm spinning through them. Just being able to see the range of
them is pretty interesting. That was it, Mr. Mayor. I just didn't want to
have you jump into 2016 without, one, you all having a little bit of a report
card on 2015 projects under the Priority and just doing a quick pass through
on the year past. Again, ultimately we could get into more detail. In some
cases, some of these things were policy decisions. Sometimes our ability to
deliver on projects actually can be affected by Staff turnover in an area. At
other times, we're dependent upon other parties.             For example, on
Cubberley we've been working with the School District on how we do that.
We have to move at the same pace. Then, at other times, there are projects
outside of this area that have come in during the course of the year that we
then shift our attention to, and it does have some impact. Understand it's a
dynamic, but overall just as City Manager I would report I'm quite satisfied
with the organization's efforts to respond to your directives last year. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Most folks may have seen it, but on the back wall the Staff has
taken these various, actually all the projects listed in this spreadsheet that
we have and they're all broken out individually so that later in the Agenda
on Item Number 3, Priorities and Staff Work Plan, we'll have an opportunity
to look at those major initiatives within the work plan, how they fall under at
least last year's Priorities and have an opportunity to wade into comparative
importance and immediacy of all those different, 40 some odd major
initiatives.

Mr. Keene: That's for this year, 2016 calendar year.

Mayor Burt: Right.



                                                                         Page 23 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
