                          TRANSCRIPT
graduate students, that ratio is probably a little lower than it will be for
undergrads. In general, it's probably in the neighborhood of 10 to 15 cars
are not needed to be parked on campus for every Zipcar that we have on
campus. That's in general. We haven't done the exact math on that, but
those are the numbers that we're told by Zipcar.

Mayor Burt: I'm not sure who will be the best to answer these next
questions. You spoke briefly about kind of a reverse commute to some
degree historically on the campus in the morning and off in the evening. It
sounds like we'll have probably some set that will be going from campus to
jobs, either spouses or even grad students with jobs off campus. Do we
have any sense of what that volume will be? Right now, the Marguerite
fleet, which is very strong, is oriented toward moving people to campus in
the morning and off campus in the late peak hour. I assume that those
buses then are pretty empty when they leave campus in the morning and
pretty empty when they're coming onto campus in the afternoon. Have you
been thinking about serving that reverse commute need more deliberately
than in the past or is it just going to kind of hit an equilibrium that—are the
destinations different, if you're thinking about the reverse commute, than
what you've historically had?

Ms. Palter: What the trip rates tell us does show clearly that there's some
reverse commute, travel being made by residents, and some of them may
be spouses, and some of them are certainly the students doing various
things. Part of the project is going to include some sort of transit hub and
some really careful probably surveys of the folks that live in Escondido
Village now to get a sense for is there a need for that. I know that the
Marguerite service planning and adjustments goes on regularly. As soon as
there's a need observed, that service can be adjusted to provide more off-
campus travel in the peak times.

Mayor Burt: In this slide of the residential trip distribution, we have 62
percent going we'll call it south on El Camino Real, which presumably go to
that intersection of El Camino Real and Page Mill Road. I don't know if
you've done a distribution on what portion of those who go toward Highway
101 and what portion to Highway 280. I'm guessing majority toward
Highway 101, which is a—either direction is very congested right now. Do
you have tentative plans on how to reduce the impacts of those trips either
through additional Marguerite service or any other means?

Ms. Palter: I think the key is the additional amenities that were referred to
and this transit hub. The more that we can provide services and recreation
onsite, hopefully these trips that we're analyzing will be even lower because
these are new elements of Escondido Village that aren't there now. They're

                                                                        Page 16 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
