                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Rita Vrhel: I find it very interesting that Council Member Kniss referenced
the historical documentation that was used in generating these plans. I was
fascinated when Council Member Schmid brought up, I think, 1988 and
1998. I would be willing to bet you each $10 that these documents were not
provided to the CAC as a whole. During the meetings that I attended, one
of them was over the caps or non-caps or whatever you want to call them.
These documents were not brought up. I can't be certain, but it would be
very easy for Council Member Schmid to send these to the CAC, each
individual member, and see if in fact they did review these. The reason I'm
a little suspicious is that, as you all know, I was here a couple of years ago
(inaudible) with the great church. The documents that were brought forth
by the Planning Department did not include the historical documents, which
I had to go and dig up, which went all the way back to 1959. They basically
set in place the documents moving forward on the church. The traffic
pattern, which was my main complaint and which basically held up the
building of that church for 1 year. I think it is imperative for the committee
in an effort of transparency and accuracy be sent those documents and to
review them. If they have not had those documents previously, then
perhaps this whole issue of the options needs to be re-discussed with the
public attending and also in the private committee meetings. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. For the
last couple of years, we've had this problem with the housing of the
homeless and the distance between the workers and their factory. It does
seem to me that our problem is not that there are too many factories and
not that there are too few houses, but rather that the houses are too widely
separated from the place to work. I lived in Los Altos 50 years ago, and it
was the same thing that you're now complaining of.           It had already
expanded as far as Los Altos where the workers were living in Cupertino and
San Jose, and they had to go through there. I wanted to suggest that, since
Measure A has passed amazingly and passed by a comfortable margin, the
will of the people is that this town have housing for the people in it, that
they not be driven out and replaced by a different population. I think we
can do that, recognizing that the whole of housing is a public-private
partnership. In theory, the landowner, the deed (inaudible) owns the land.
The authority has half of it at least because they own the value of the land.
Whatever you or others decide may be done with that land determines the
value of the land. There has been a very strong tendency in these past
years to make it toward commerce and toward more valuable and taxable
entities. I've suggested here that we augment or that we make those
                                                                       Page 70 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
