                          TRANSCRIPT
to say, that the Council's like, "This is considered minor, so X, Y or Z other
project is going to be considered minor."          I don't want any kind of
precedent-setting here.

Mayor Burt: I have a few comments. First, I do believe that this qualifies as
what's a minor ARB consideration. It basically is considerably less than the
permitted 15 feet allowed for mechanical additions. I also want to reiterate
comments that others have made. The Council has supported this project
by vote. Yet, the issue before us is whether these structures qualify as a
minor project and whether they're exempt under CEQA. I believe that they
are in both cases. I really want to say that this has been a 2-plus-year
project, 2 1/2 years from when we first got going on it. At this point in time,
I'm really concerned that sending it through an ARB and potentially reducing
what was built into the whole bid based upon an understanding of the area
that would be covered is basically a poison pill for the project. I also want to
concur that there is a real significant value that has never been quantified,
but it is around this value of essentially providing shade and rain protection
for the top levels of these garages.         Frankly, I'm surprised that the
Downtown Assessment District would not readily see that as a clear
advantage and a value creation for our garages. It's a value to the City. It's
a value to those who use those top floors. Finally, I want to kind of frame
this in terms of whether the Council is really able to say what they're for.
We oftentimes look at what we're against. I believe that this set of local
renewable solar projects is a clear expression of our community values and
our commitment to just that, local renewable energy, which is something
that Palo Alto has been a leader in and the Council has voted previously to
support here and on numerous occasions both the policy program and this
particular use of that program. I'm looking forward to us moving forward
and at long last going to completion of a project that has basically not been
a good example of an efficient Palo Alto process to date. Further delays
would even more undermine that. That's my perspective on it. I think
we've all commented. Let's vote on the board. That passes unanimously on
a 7-0 vote with Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Member Kniss recused. That
concludes this item. Thank you, everyone and the public, for participating.
We look forward to shade. Sun and shade, yes.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Kniss, Scharff not participating

Mayor Burt: We'll give it just one more minute for folks to return. Any
members of the public who wish to speak, I'd like to request you to come
forward and fill out a speaker card at this time. We need to determine how
much time we will allocate for each speaker.



                                                                         Page 61 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
