                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now, we'll go to the public. Our first speaker is
Nicholas Kaposhilin.

Nicholas Kaposhilin: Mayor, Council Members, thank you. I'm a neighbor
that lives a couple of houses down. I'd like to take the opportunity tonight
to set some context around a couple of issues that the people in the
neighborhood, myself included, find very important and don't think have
gotten enough air time so far in the process that's been done in the last
couple of years. The first is fundamentally I'd like to set the context for you
that this property of 30,000 feet has been fundamentally an eyesore for the
neighborhood for 50-plus years. I think it's safe to say that nobody in the
neighborhood really wants it to stay the way it is right now. We would like
to see it redeveloped, but it's a huge lot. It's by far and away the biggest lot
in the entire neighborhood. Having it redeveloped is something that you can
imagine everyone has an interest in understanding and being supportive of.
The fact that it's being done by a developer, not a single-family resident
who's buying a house in Palo Alto and redoing it, which is 95 percent of the
time what gets done in our City. The fact that it's being done by a developer
and that it's being re-parceled feels like it's something that should have a lot
of community involvement and community discussion around it, more than it
has so far. The reason I say this is because we turned up a couple of weeks
ago for the City planning meeting about the re-parcelization. A lot of the
things that we wanted to discuss were not really on the docket. They were
having a very specific decision, which is should we allow the re-parcel or not.
This is the decision for you tonight as well. What I'd like to get across is
that there's a lot of discussion that needs to happen, some of it about re-
parcelization, but more of it about how it's going to be developed should the
re-parcelization go forward. I don't think anyone's saying that it shouldn't
because of all the reasons they've discussed. It already has three single-
family homes on it. It essentially is parceled already. It's almost a small
matter as to how it actually officially becomes three parcels instead of one
big parcel with three houses on it. There's a lot of concern about how the
development will take place. In particular, how the piece of land on Lot 3 in
the back, the curve if you will—maybe we can put the map back up or you
can look at it on your own. Lot 3, you see, is an L shape. As the architect
has pointed out, after many rounds of discussion and debate with
Architectural Review Board (ARB) and others, not including the
neighborhood, this is the best that they could come up with. I guess that
means I'm out of time. Is that right? I'll summarize very quickly. There's a
lot of concern about the structures back there. There's concern about the
fact that they're using side easements for both sides, which seems weird
because there are back sides for the neighbor in front. There's concern
about how the construction will be carried out. Fundamentally, the biggest
concern I have is that we're going to allow a developer to come into a
                                                                          Page 23 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/14/16
