                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Just briefly, I think this is in a wildlife-sensitive
area. I don't understand the intricacies of the aviary patterns above that
area, but I think it's not a hardship for the applicant to work with the
Audubon Society just to make sure. We're not being prescriptive about what
the solution is. We're saying work with them to address and mitigate any
concerns that might exist. I think this is an environmentally sensitive thing
to do given the general area of the project.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible) impacts as practical.

Council Member Wolbach:        How about to implement best practices as
appropriate for the site?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just want to make sure it's not a hardship on the
applicant. You said it's not. To me that usually means if it's practical or not.

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine. Will that gain your support for this
amendment?

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Amendment, “as practical.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah. That's normally my MO. Do I ever vote against
anything I ...

Council Member Wolbach: You're good about that. That's fine. That would
be then require that the building be bird safe in structure, yada, yada, yada,
wildlife as practical.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Berman to replace Part E of the Motion with, “require that
the building be bird safe in structure and that the Applicant work with Staff
and the Audubon Society on lighting impacts on wildlife as practical.”

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the Amendment. That passes unanimously.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: Returning to the original Motion, I'll comment on it. First I
think that automotive use here is entirely appropriate and may be a best
use. I think that the architectural design has been drastically improved. It
has actually a lot of really exceptional design features, whether those
                                                                           Page 122 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
