                          TRANSCRIPT
prefer an option that we haven't tested which is this option of improving the
commuting situation overall. I also think we should eliminate scenarios we'd
never consider. It kind of feels like these four scenarios are kind of looking
at a moderate growth to high growth. I'd like to see us looking at kind of a
lower growth to moderate growth. My proposal would be we eliminate
Scenario 4 as it's outlined here. I think we could keep the appealing
elements like improving transit, but I think the community's already told us
pretty clearly that they don't really want an unfettered growth scenario. I'd
like to see Scenario 4 replaced with a scenario that shows the improved
housing/commuting ratio and maybe potentially some dedicated housing for
school staff, City Staff. It would be a scenario that basically shows a
decrease in people commuting to Palo Alto. What would a 2.5 jobs/housing
scenario look like? I was thinking exactly along the lines of Council Member
Wolbach, something like Scenario 2 for jobs and Scenario 3 for housing.
Continuing some of those growth management ideas for the commercial
side, but looking at maybe some smaller housing units and increasing some
housing. In terms of the Comp. Plan process, I asked the question about
more meetings. You said yes, we'd have them. I'd like to see an updated
schedule pretty soon. I'd like to see the feedback loop tightened up.
Originally, I thought the idea was it'd go to the CAC, it would come to us,
and we'd be somewhat in sync. I think we've kind of gotten out of sync. If
we needed to have a special meeting to kind of get back in sync, I'd be in
favor of that. I think we've also talked about a lot of other issues, park
space per resident. I also didn't necessarily buy into the need to decrease
that. I think data would help us understand that. We talked about growth
management, traffic measurement, Airbnb impacts on housing, potentially
residential/retail mixed use, kind of how do we balance mixed use so it's not
predominantly office. This is an Action Item. I'd actually like to propose a
Motion that Staff present an updated schedule as soon as possible with
check-ins in April, May and September, with a goal of delving into key
decision areas on job and population growth, growth management and
traffic and the final DEIR. That we move forward with various scenarios, but
we replace Scenario 4 with a scenario that shifts the job/housing balance by
eliminating office expansion and replacing some commercial use with
housing. I don't know—again, this is the first time we've gotten to weigh in.
Again, I think we have some concerns about these scenarios.

Council Member Holman: I'll second for discussion, but I think you need to
repeat it for Staff. I didn't want it to die for lack of a second. If you could
repeat it please.

Council Member DuBois: David, I'll just email it to you.



                                                                            Page 87 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
