                          TRANSCRIPT
area's entire Energy Star certifications. Quite an achievement. If Palo Alto
were rated in the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) small city
category, we would be Number Two in the country. Palo Alto is definitely a
leader in the energy-saving effort, and we thank you for what you've done.
Our first recipient is Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HP) at 3000 Hanover
Street, 1/2 million square-foot building. In addition to all of the efficiency
initiatives, HP now holds the honor of being the largest solar energy
installation in Palo Alto. This is their second Green Business Award. The
next recipient is Hudson Pacific Properties for their buildings at Embarcadero
Place at 2100 and 2200 Geng Road and their buildings at Clocktower Square
at 600 and 660 Hansen.           Hudson is a new property company and
immediately came to have their buildings Energy Star rated. They're first-
time award winners. Our next recipient is the International School of the
Peninsula at 151 Laura Lane. This is the third year they've received the
award. They're not only a Green Business Leader, they've signed up for 100
percent Palo Alto Green and 100 percent Palo Alto Green Gas. They're not
only energy efficient, but they're carbon neutral. Next award goes to the
Palo Alto Unified School District. Fourteen schools earned Energy Star
certification. A fabulous effort. Some of these buildings are almost 100
years old.     The School District acknowledges that all of their energy
efficiency efforts for all school facilities are a team effort. Everyone's a
winner. Along with continuing Energy Star efforts, the School District is also
focused on water savings.          They just won a Silicon Valley Water
Conservation Award. We're proud of the School District as they once again
are teaching by example. We have Board Member Camille Townsend and
others here to receive it. Our next award winner is SAP and Orchard
Commercial for their returning buildings at 3450 Hillview Avenue, a three-
time winner, and 3412 Hillview, a two-time winner, and two new winners at
3460 Hillview and 3475 Deer Creek Road. Great to see SAP here again.
Thank you for your effort. The next recipient is Stanford Real Estate for
their properties at 3200 and 3210 Porter Drive and 975 Page Mill. This is
their fourth time receiving a Energy Star rating and Green Business Leader
Award for 3210 Porter and the third time for 975 Page Mill, and 3200 Porter
is a first-time winner. Accepting the award is Nicole Evans. The next
recipient is Stanford Real Estate for their properties at 3200—I'm sorry. The
next winner is Union Bank at 400 University Avenue. This is the second
Green Business Award for Union Bank. The building is 50 years old,
retaining its charming brick and ivy exterior while maintaining modern,
energy-efficient systems.     Our last recipient, only last because this is
alphabetically given, is Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati for their buildings
at 601 California Avenue and 650 Page Mill Road. This is their fourth Green
Business Award for both buildings. 601 Cal. Ave. is an eight-time Energy
Star-rated building. For 650 Page Mill, it's the ninth time. Wilson Sonsini
has been an EPA Green Power Leadership Club Member since 2008 through
                                                                         Page 3 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
