                         TRANSCRIPT
was reduce constraints or something to that effect, which is what the Council
has already forwarded to the Planning Commission. We've been waiting
since last year to see a proposal. I'd be a little hesitant to ...

Council Member DuBois: I would change it to reduce constraints. That just
seemed very binary the way it was written.

Council Member Holman: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt:      It's going to change "remove constraints" to "reduce
constraints" on the Accessory Dwelling Units (ADUs).

AMENDMENT D RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to add to the Motion, “replace in Table 2 Row 7,
‘remove constraints on the addition of Accessory Dwelling Units (ADUs)’ with
‘reduce constraints on the addition of ADUs.’” (New Part A.iv.)

Council Member DuBois: The last one I had was the one for Downtown and
Cal. Ave., where it said to get the permitting process by-right and actually
use the other language, which was to modify regulations.

AMENDMENT E: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to add to the Motion, “remove ‘development by right’
language in Table 3.” (New Part A.v.)

Ms. Gitelman:   Roman Numeral III is in the last cell on Page 286.         Am I
right?

Council Member DuBois: 286 at the bottom.

Mayor Burt: We're replacing the language "development by-right" with ...

Council Member DuBois:    With "modified regulations."

Mayor Burt: Modified regulations. Council Member Wolbach.

AMENDMENT E RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to add to the Motion, “replace in Table 3 Row 8
‘development by right’ with ‘modified regulations.’” (New Part A.v.)

Council Member Wolbach: I have three possibly friendly amendments.
Should I go through them one at a time in the same process?

Mayor Burt: They're not friendly amendments so much as we're putting
amendments on the table if you get a second.


                                                                       Page 64 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
