                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm just thinking about how that would work. In
talking about preferred groups who would have a first crack at renting one of
these units, I'm not sure if I missed it. Did you mention seniors or retirees?

Mr. Spieker: We didn't mention them, and that wasn't for any particular
reason. We were focusing on teachers, firefighters, policemen and City
employees.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll save my comments on that until later, except
just to say I think that's another group that might be less inclined to drive
on a regular basis at rush hour. If I heard you correctly, some of the "micro
units" that you see in other cities, whether it's in San Francisco or in
Berkeley as far as local examples, can be as small as 200 to 300-square-foot
range per unit.

Mr. Spieker: I think I was trying to say 250. I don't know if I (crosstalk).

Council Member Wolbach: Two hundred fifty?

Mr. Spieker: Yeah, 250. I haven't seen them as low as 200, but 250 to
350, 400 square feet. Certainly less than what we're proposing.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess at 250, that means—if I saw it correctly,
the smallest units you're talking about here are about 500 or 502 square
feet per unit for the smallest ones?

Mr. Spieker: Depending on what happens in the common area, in the bike
kitchen, but yes, generally you're correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Basically double what some of the true micro
units are, but still substantially smaller than a typical Palo Alto unit.

Mr. Spieker: Exactly.

Council Member Wolbach: Just want to make sure I really was clear on how
this fits in with our reality versus other communities' reality, how this just
kind of compares. Thank you for that. A question for Staff, thinking about
for the public comment and also when it comes back to us. You've given us
a few possibilities for how a project like this might be possible with tweaks
or changes to our Codes, our zoning, as a pilot or changing something on a
perhaps larger scale basis.       Because we're not taking action tonight,
obviously we can't fully direct which one we would prefer. What kinds of
comments are you going to be looking for us, when it comes back to us,
regarding the three options that you presented to us?


                                                                        Page 20 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
