                          TRANSCRIPT
where's Rob? He's not here anymore, is he? Anyway, it was an acid test
house. This house is being hugely restored on a no review HRB review.
When I checked with Staff, they said these are minor changes. As an
example—the consultant here showed some great pictures of houses with
windows. Windows really make architecture as well know. The house
across the street from me has had the windows changed dramatically from
double-hung, wooden windows to metal clad windows being replaced. This
is a travesty. What I'm worried about is this will give Staff discretion to
make decisions like this one. I think we need some strength in this, and I
encourage you to push it back for Staff to do a better job. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Barbara Wallace to be followed by Susan Beall.

Barbara Wallace: Thank you. Barbara Wallace, 356 Lincoln, right in the
heart of Old Professorville. There's a lot of detail and useful information in
the Guidelines. People worked hard on them, and they've been working for
at least five years. I was in that original group with Allen Akin and Marty
and so forth. These Guidelines do not reassure me that there's much
concern for the future integrity of the District. What goals do they support?
Consider the demolitions, the relocations. We're hearing now about the
destruction basically of an old house on Bryant Street. Replacement of
historic fabric, all of this has been seen in the past five years and more
previous to that while these Guidelines were in progress. Do the Guidelines
represent a City that is truly behind the preservation principles that underlie
the Professorville Historic District? Principles that should protect the District
from erosion as projects, large and small, are invited to ignore the Secretary
of the Interior Standards for Rehabilitation. "If possible," "if feasible," "if
preferred" are everywhere in the Guidelines. I don't sense much conviction
for the preservation of the District. Even without an Ordinance, couldn't the
Guidelines give strong endorsement to the principles of preservation as
expressed in the Secretary of the Interior's Standards? As the Guidelines ...

Mayor Burt: Can you pull the mike just a little closer? Thank you.

Ms. Wallace: Is that better? As the Guidelines read now, they seem to give
less attention to defending the integrity of the District than to deference to
the preferential choices of the owner/builders. At the very least, I would ask
that the Guidelines link their recommendations to the Secretary of the
Interior Standards. It's all rather behind the scenes, these Standards, as
they currently are. Please emphasize to owners the importance of an early
study session with the HRB. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Susan Beall. Welcome.


                                                                         Page 68 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
