                          TRANSCRIPT
the Comprehensive Plan currently. It talks about where there are three or
more units existing and if somebody wants to replace all of them, then
there's a restriction on doing that. When we first started this journey of
updating the Comprehensive Plan, there was a commitment by the then
Staff that that would be addressed in an updated Comprehensive Plan. I
know there are some things that are approaching that, but not really getting
there. For instance on packet Page 777, there's a program, H-1.1.3, that
says provide incentives—I would say eliminate the words "to developers,"
because it's not just developers—such as reduced fees and flexible
development standards to encourage the preservation of existing cottages
and duplexes currently located in R-1 and R-2 neighborhoods or residential
areas. That talks about it, but doesn't really get us anywhere. I'll put that
out there too.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. If you could articulate what it was that you
thought you wanted to achieve? I didn't quite follow that.

Council Member Holman: Policy H-29 in the current Comprehensive Plan
talks about if there are three or more units on a parcel and someone wants
to eliminate them, then the Comprehensive Plan at least—I don't remember
the exact wording. Basically you can't do it. You have to replace some of
the units with other units.       I don't see that being addressed as a
requirement anywhere in the Comp Plan. It was committed again, like I say,
by the then Staff. There's also something else that I think needs to be
addressed. I'll stop after this because I do have more, but I'll stop after this
or maybe one more. Addressing the loss of housing units. I talk about this
and have talked about it for a very long time. We don't really have much
discussion in here about minimum densities. Most especially, it's of a
concern to me when we are losing housing units. Let's just say for instance,
somebody buys a lot, and there's, even in R-1, a house and a cottage. I'm
not sure—at least to my recent knowledge, we don't even track the lost
residential units. If someone buys a parcel and there's a house and a
cottage on it, the cottage can be eliminated and just build a single-family
home. Same thing when somebody buys a parcel. Let's just say there are
eight apartments. Somebody can redevelop that with four much more
expensive, for-sale units. We're not doing anything to stop the erosion of
our housing stock. I think the last couple of things I'll mention right now
is—I would confirm. I think we really need to focus on affordable housing.
Affordable here is "oh, my goodness," if you could look at other areas in the
state even. I think we do need to focus on affordable housing. The look and
feel is actually very important. I refer again to the Colleagues Memo that
was signed onto by Vice Mayor, then Council Member Scharff, Council
Member Schmid and myself and then Council Member Gail Price, talking
about the design of buildings. I'll refer to something that I know Mayor Burt
                                                                         Page 77 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
