                          TRANSCRIPT
requirements for retail are one thing. On California Avenue (Cal. Ave.),
they're another. I'm not sure if we have a lot of people who are already
Downtown that they walk to a lot of retail. I actually think when we look at
transportation and parking, our parking requirements for retail are often
stuck in a suburban model, where people drive to retail, where you have
walkable, bikeable things. I don't want to discourage retail due to heavy
parking requirements. I think we should think about that and take a look at
how we encourage retail and we don't discourage it through having too
heavy parking requirements frankly on a non-suburban model, which is what
we really have on Cal. Ave. and Downtown frankly. I think those were
primarily my concerns on this. One other thing I did want to mention. We
talk about the TMAs a lot. We specifically call out working with Stanford on
their TMA in terms of the Research Park, and we call out Downtown. Then,
we say sort of create TMAs where necessary. I think we're going to need a
TMA for Cal. Ave. Since this is a forward-looking project, I think we should
say something more explicit like explore creation of a TMA for Cal. Ave. I
think we should have one by the end of this plan, that's funded and going
forward. It may not be the first priority. I think we should do that more
than just a broad concept about having TMAs throughout the City. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Before going into comments on specific policies and programs,
at a higher level I wanted to return to this theme that I was speaking briefly
about in the question period.         What's the relationship between our
Transportation Demand Management Program and our TMA agencies and
our Citywide goals to have a sustainable community and our adopted goal of
an 80 percent reduction in greenhouse gases by 2030? I see very little
correlation except in—they're not misaligned in terms of themes and general
direction. I don't see any correlation in terms of actual objectives. First, I
don't see the cross-referencing between the Comp. Plan and the
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) and vice versa, and the
S/CAP to the Comp Plan that I think is essential. These documents should
be aligned. Second, I just don't see where these measures will achieve the
objectives that we've adopted. I think they're also too modest in terms of
the quality of life objectives that we have. I think Council Member Holman
mentioned no net new trips. That may be from individual, particular
development. Community-wide we have too many trips right now. I
actually think that the goal should be a reduction in, first, single occupancy
vehicle trips and, ultimately, car trips and vehicle miles traveled within the
City, not just getting to the City. That aligns our quality of life issues around
traffic congestion and parking with sustainability and climate action issues.
A few years ago, even a couple of years ago, the notion that we could have
a future of fewer car trips seemed farfetched. It's rapidly emerging as a
reality on the horizon. We are almost week-by-week seeing things that are
just illustrating this, whether it be Uber already rolling out their shared
                                                                        Page 112 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
