                         TRANSCRIPT
then can we decide what kind of programs we want for grade separations
and how they would be funded. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'd move to pull Item Number 9.

Mayor Burt: I support that.

Council Member Filseth: Me too.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Burt, third
by Council Member Filseth to pull Agenda Item Number 9 - Adoption of a
Resolution Amending and Restating the Administrative Penalty Schedule and
Civil Penalty Schedules … to be heard as Agenda Item Number 9b tonight
and be continued to November 7, 2016 for full discussion.

Mayor Burt: And Council Member Filseth. We have three members who are
moving to have Item 9 pulled. Item 9 will be pulled. In anticipation of this
potential, we had looked at upcoming agendas. We can have a brief
agendizing of this item for tonight. If we have the concurrence of the
Council, the purpose of that would be merely to allow Council Members to
identify for the Staff any areas that they'd like to have Staff be prepared to
discuss in greater depth when it returns for a full agenda item. Mr. City
Manager, was November 7th the first available date?

James Keene, City Manager: That's correct, Mr. Mayor, November 7th.

Mayor Burt: That would be the date that we'd have the full discussion on
that item. Does that seem acceptable? On that note, we can vote on
Consent Calendar Items 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9A.

Council Member Holman: For anybody listening, I just wanted to make
note. I guess we'll get to this later, but I know there was an email to
Council earlier in the week or last week about things that would be included
that Staff has identified. Will those be discussed later as well?

Mayor Burt: Let's address that at the time we discuss this Item 9.

Council Member Holman:        That's fine.   I just wanted to make sure they
weren't lost. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) need a Motion.

                                                                       Page 32 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
