                          TRANSCRIPT
be only done in specific locations. We thought that the most promising were
University Avenue, California Avenue and Fry's. The CAC has mixed views
on increasing height limits. Some CAC members were in favor of increased
heights, FAR and densities. Other were concerned about the negative
impacts of doing so and felt present site development standards should be
maintained and compatible in terms of scale, massing, style and FAR. In the
future, I think we all agree that we would like to move to a future where
cars would be less emphasized. There were also two members on the group
that were concerned that we call out the high standards that we use for all
other development and building design should be applied to affordable
housing, and that the public process for affordable housing should be
maintained. The transparency should be maintained so that the public can
be informed and participate. On El Camino Real, we would consider moving
El Camino Real sites to the Stanford Research Park and look forward to
finding more sites there. University Avenue and Fry's, we think there should
be a coordinated plan, especially for South El Camino Real. When it comes
to second units, we were also of two minds about these. Some CAC
members thought units should only be allowed on standard size, R-1 lots
with flexibility in parking perhaps. Current ordinance allows second units
only on lots 35 percent larger than a standard lot. Other CAC members felt
second units should conform with existing daylight plane, setback, FAR, lot
size minimums and parking requirements and should not be allowed on
substandard lots. We noted that it's a community-friendly way to provide
additional housing for caretakers, adult children, grandparents, and that that
should be encouraged. We believe that the design guidelines should be
followed to maintain privacy on adjacent sites. We feel that we need policies
to discourage or not make them available for short-term uses and turning
them basically into rooming houses and hotels. I wanted to thank you on
behalf of the four of us. We all participated equally. I'm sorry, we had a
really, short, short, short amount of time to do this is time, so we didn't get
to probably touch on as many topics as we would have liked. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before proceeding to members of the public, does
the Council have any technical questions of Staff? I see no questions. We're
now up to 31 speaker cards, and we'll be ...

Council Member Kniss: Could I ask just one quick one?

Mayor Burt: Sure. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: We're hearing so much about affordable housing.
Would one of you define it for me?



                                                                        Page 54 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
