                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Thank you.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “change the method for
calculating the NEM cap to 5 percent of the customer class non-coincident
peak.”

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to adopt a Resolution adopting a Net Energy Metering
(NEM) Successor Rate, E-EEC-1 (“Export Electricity Compensation”)
amending Utilities Rule and Regulation 2 (“Definitions and Abbreviations”)
and 29 (“Net Energy Metering and Interconnection”); direct Staff to return to
Council within four months with options and a recommendation for the NEM
Transition Policy; return to Council within 1 year of reaching the cap from
the expiring NEM program with a report describing other NEM programs in
California with a comparison to the Palo Alto program including the
effectiveness of our program in spurring local residential solar options; and
change the method for calculating the NEM cap to 5 percent of the customer
class non-coincident peak.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights, so please vote on the board. That passes
unanimously on an 8-0 vote with Council Member Filseth absent. Thank you
all very much. Why don't we take a brief break. We'll try and be back in
close to five minutes.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

Council took a break from 8:08 P.M. to 8:17 P.M.

12.   Interim Retail Preservation Ordinance: Request for a Waiver at 100
      Addison, Discussion Regarding Applicability to Retail and "Retail-Like"
      Uses Which do not Have Required Entitlements, and Discussion
      Regarding Potential Ordinance Improvements and Next Steps.

Mayor Burt: Our next item ... Our next Agenda Item is Item Number 12,
reviewing the Interim Retail Preservation Ordinance. We have before us
both a request for a waiver on the property at 100 Addison as well as a
broader discussion about how the Council would like to proceed with the
Interim Retail Preservation Ordinance and the new non-interim Ordinance on
the horizon. There's a real question from a process standpoint tonight, what
would be the best way to go about this. I'm open to input from colleagues.
We could first look at the more global issues, and they perhaps would inform
a subsequent discussion about this specific request for a waiver, or we could
dive into the request for a waiver and allow that and other examples of

                                                                      Page 41 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
