                         TRANSCRIPT
City. I think the message here is maybe we need to do a little bit more
marketing of those as being options for residents to communicate with the
City if they want to get some information to us. We also asked two
questions about where residents go to shop and where they go to eat out.
We asked them about the frequency with which they go out, how often do
they go out in their neighborhood and other parts of Palo Alto and
neighboring cities or shop online or order take-out or delivery for food.
People do tend to stay in their neighborhoods. For both of those, the most
common response was that they stay in their neighborhoods to shop and eat
at least once a week, but they also go out throughout Palo Alto throughout
the month. The least preferred method for either of those is shopping online
or ordering take-out or delivery. Slide 25, moving on to the next slide. One
of the questions we asked was about how often residents participate in some
of the various City waste programs. A high percentage of respondents don't
participate at all in the programs that are established to reduce specialized
waste going to the landfill. 54 percent rarely or never used the food scraps
collection program. 66 percent rarely or never do home composting. 61
percent rarely or never use the household hazardous waste collection
program. Again, there's an opportunity to do some marketing there, maybe
a little bit of surveying to see what would encourage people to participate in
those programs to help the City meet its Zero Waste goals. We also asked a
question about the quality of Palo Alto's trees and landscaping. We asked
them for various different areas of the City. The area that got the highest
rating was parks. 91 percent of the respondents rated those as excellent or
good. The trees and landscaping for schools, streets, residences when
you're out walking or biking rated 80 to 83 percent. The ratings were lowest
for businesses at 76 percent. Moving on to Slide 26. We asked two custom
questions about transportation preferences without a car. The first one was
if it was convenient which would be your preferred method of transportation
if you did not have a car. The most preferred method was biking, 81
percent, followed by walking at 70 percent. We also said if you don't have a
car and convenience is not an issue, then which would you take. Walking
was preferred at 92 percent. The free shuttle was 78 percent, and biking
was 76 percent. We asked two questions about priorities for redevelopment
of Cubberley Community Center. The Community Services Department
plans to consider this information as they work with the Palo Alto Unified
School District in developing the Cubberley Master Plan. We gave some
options. The general ones were most people thought a community center
would be the preferred option at 58 percent, schools at 52 percent and
playing fields was 51 percent. When we asked people open-endedly tell us
what you would like to see it used for, their preferred choice was indoor
sports and health programs, then outdoor sports and senior wellness. Our
last open-ended question on Slide 27. Again, Community Services plans to
use this information as they develop the parks, recreation long-range Master
                                                                         Page 10 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
