                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: That's true.

Vice Mayor Scharff: … the feedback, and they could then put it into context.
Face to face you got a lot less just trolling-type complaints, negatives. You'd
get more, and then you could push, "what do you mean by that," "what's
your concern with that." I think that was invaluable. I very much agree
with Karen when she says there's no way to judge a CAO's performance
because we don't know what their Staff think. There's been several times in
the past, which has now turned out to be really useful frankly with the
Auditor's Office—we have a base history of several years of understanding
how the Auditor's employees feel about different things which has proven to
be very helpful in understanding that department. Actually in the City
Clerk's Office, there were lots of issues that had come up, that we were not
aware of prior to Beth becoming, with the Staff, that we would never have
known if we hadn't done the 360. There have also been issues in the City
Manager's Office, which came to light, which also we would never have any
interest. I personally would like to see an interview process of which—how
many department heads, other CAOs for the City Managers, CAOs amongst
yourselves and then in each of your departments you have smaller
departments. I think you could interview the people in those departments.
I think that's useful, and I think it's also good to have the person who does
it—it's not really just writing down what they say. It's parsing what they say
and putting together themes of what those themes are so that Council has a
sense of what's going on in those departments.

Ms. Figone: Because confidentiality would be important.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right.

Council Member Holman: Absolutely.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's correct.

Ms. Figone: That's why I keep these (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: I will ditto everything he just said.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like to see that for next year. I don't know if that
takes a contract amendment or what that takes.

Mr. Figone: It probably would.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like you guys to put that together when we have the
CAO meeting and come up with that kind of stuff.

Council Member Holman: Can I ask a question related to that?
                                                                                    Page 11 of 20
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript 11/16/16
