                         TRANSCRIPT

everything that may enhance it; it's an example. I think that's fine as long
it's an example. You don't have to have everything in there. Those are just
things that may be helpful. I just wanted to understand that. I think I'll
leave it at that for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'll pick it up where Vice Mayor Scharff left off.
Thank you very much for these. I think you've done a great job. Out of
curiosity, did you look to what other cities have done in similar situations or
did you ... I think the Mayor will get to that in a couple of minutes. In
regards to public benefit, this might have been the area that I was most
uncomfortable with. In the Footnote 3, benefits may also be extrinsic
improvements or voluntary financial contributions to larger community
initiatives. To me, it's kind of creeping into the whole Planned Community
process that we currently, I think, still have on pause. I don't know if Staff
had another kind of example of what that meant or what did that mean?

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Berman, this is an area, I think, where we're
looking for your direction. The criterion that the Council included in the
ordinance is just the value to the community of public benefits offered. We
thought that that could be interpreted two ways; both intrinsic to the project
and extrinsic.

Council Member Berman: I'll be curious to hear what my colleagues say
about that. I'm more looking to the intrinsic values as opposed to add-ons
that a developer might propose to score brownie points. Kind of gets us
back into that uncomfortable situation that we found ourselves in in the
past. Just a drafting question that I had. On packet page 137, for Section C
of the Guidelines, was economic hardship waiver or adjustment meant to be
a broken out, separate section or is that actually meant to be a part of self-
mitigating projects?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry if it's merged in there.       It's supposed to be a
separate section.

Council Member Berman: It seemed to be. Just wanted to make sure.

Ms. Gitelman: Yep. Good catch.

Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.
                                                                         Page 57 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
