                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Just to clarify. The sheet that's up here on the screen, we would
take that and we would combine that with sheet 1 from Alternative 1, which
has the one-way cycle tracks.

Mayor Burt: I think that's what I mean.

Mr. Mello: It would be one-way cycle tracks west of the train tracks, and
then a two-way cycle track on the north side east. That would work.
Functionally it would work, because you could make the crossing at the
signalized intersection, the signalized crosswalk.

Mayor Burt: Between now and when we get back for discussion, I'd really
value whether there's problems with doing that, that I'm not envisioning.
My "seat of the pants" is that that might be a better combination. We've
had all these comments from the public, and I want to know whether they
think something's wrong with that.

Mr. Mello: Another option is to just move forward with Alternative 1, but to
make the cycle track on the north side of Embarcadero between the
underpass and Emerson two-way, and then keep the one on the south side.
There's enough right-of-way to actually ...

Mayor Burt: That's what I meant. Yes, that's actually what I meant. I'm
sorry. One other thing is that when you emerge from the underpass in front
of Trader Joe's or if you come off of the bikeway next to the tracks, it's a
tight radius to turn there. There's a little dirt oval right in front of Trader
Joe's that just makes it too tight. It's a tough bike radius. That's a minor
issue, but is there any intention to improve that?

Mr. Mello: We can add that to the final design certainly. The stairway would
have bike runnels as well, so you could bring your bike down the stairway if
you wanted to get down there quicker.

Mayor Burt: As you loop back—if you come up from the underpass and you
loop back and go to the bike path on the train tracks, that route is a way
that you have a grade separation and don't have to walk a bike to be able to
get on that bike path. As we're improving the whole Park Boulevard, it's
becoming a preferred route. The merger between that and the bike path
along the tracks is pretty dangerous. We have both a lot of Paly pedestrians
and bikes on both. We have bikes and peds on both those paths. Every
time I take it, it's kind of worrisome. Is there an intention to make
improvements to that—I'll call it an intersection?




                                                                        Page 77 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
