                          TRANSCRIPT
there was nothing detected in the crawlspace but in the indoor air space we
see a detection. To me, that's a little suspect. To me it suggests a source
that may be indoor. If you're seeing it in the crawlspace, there is a
possibility it may be coming from the subsurface.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess there's really a couple of key questions
here that kind of fall under the broader category of how much do we want to
apply the precautionary principle here. How much do we want to be very
risk averse, potentially to the degree of preventing any action versus how
much do we want to move forward in the face of risk and potentially cause
harm to residents? That's kind of how I'm looking at this. The two areas of
concerns, that a couple of my colleagues have mentioned, is onsite and
offsite.   On the proposed development and also in the neighboring
residences in College Terrace. Let me start with onsite questions and
concerns. We've had some discussion about the remediation, the mitigation
efforts proposed by Stanford. One of which is moving the properties. The
properties are being moved to increase safety to residents on the future site.
That's a positive step towards increasing safety in the face of TCE
contamination onsite. There is a proposed vapor barrier a significant slab as
well as some extra dirt or extra soil. A number of remediation efforts that
have been proposed by the applicant to increase safety for future residents
on the site. I just want to make sure I'm clear on that after all the
discussion we've had. There is a suggestion from some that we go a step
further, to include sub-slab depressurization or ventilation, either passive or
active ventilation. That's been proposed; it's been discussed this evening.
The applicant has not planned to include that. DTSC says that it's not
necessary. I would be curious to hear whether that would include any
exorbitant cost, whether that's something that in addition to the remediation
efforts already proposed, if that's something that the applicant had
considered or if it's something that was novel and suggested to the applicant
only recently so that they haven't thought about it or if they've gone through
thinking about, "Maybe we should put in some sub-slab depressurization or
ventilation and it's just way too expensive." I'm just curious how much
that's been considered at this point by the applicant.

Mr. Wuthmann: It definitely has been considered prior to Mr. Siegel's
suggestions. He has often referred to if it's good enough for Mountain View,
it's good enough for Palo Alto. The area of Mountain View where this is
primarily being applied, the geologic situation there, conditions are very,
very different from the conditions at our site. There is shallow groundwater
there. There's a very large groundwater plume there. DTSC commented
earlier that what we are proposing is above and beyond, above and beyond
                                                                         Page 49 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
