                          TRANSCRIPT
intersection including information about those who are going straight or
turning left or right. These counts will be input into the City's synchro traffic
model which will then be used to develop very detailed day of week and time
of day traffic signal phasing and coordination plans for these three corridors,
Embarcadero Road, Middlefield Road, San Antonio Road. Counts have
already been collected for Downtown streets which we advised the Council
on earlier. Those streets will also be retimed this year. Once again, the
video captured by these cameras is automatically processed into a binary
count data format and subsequently deleted immediately as a result.
There's no facial or license plate recognition. An upcoming community
meeting on four proposed bicycle boulevards will be presented at a public
meeting tomorrow, March 29th, from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. in the multipurpose
room of the Ohlone Elementary School located at 950 Amarillo Avenue.
Bicycle boulevards are local streets prioritized for travel by bicycle. They
typically include special signing and marking and traffic calming measures
that discourage traffic and encourage lower travel speeds. The Amarillo
Avenue/Moreno Avenue project, the Bryant Street update, the Lewis
Road/Montrose Avenue and finally the Ross Road bicycle boulevard projects
will all be discussed at this meeting tomorrow night. Approval of concept
plans is the first step in the design process for each project to move forward.
These projects are currently scheduled for the City Council's review in April.
Community outreach and participation have been instrumental, as the
Council well knows, in shaping the locations and types of improvements for
each of the bike projects that we do in the City and would be the same for
these four.       More details can be found at the City's website at
cityofpaloalto.org/bike. Additionally, the City is hosting a demonstration
two-way cycle track on Park Boulevard between Grant Avenue and California
Avenue on Sunday, April 10th, from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. in conjunction
with the California Avenue farmers market on that date, April 10th. This
living preview will give Palo Alto bicycle riders a chance to experience a cycle
track and provide feedback on the experience. We invite you to stop by and
seize the opportunity to influence the future of cycling on Park Boulevard.
Just an update on this affordable housing news report correction. You may
have seen erroneous news reports after last week's Council meeting and
discussion on housing. A local TV station misreported that the Council had
approved an affordable housing program. As you know, you did not. You
asked Staff to evaluate the feasibility of a number of options for a range of
complex issues related to the housing challenges in our City, including such
items as micro units Downtown, possibly moving some of the planned
housing site locations, and there was a discussion related to looking at
options for supporting the potential for teachers and emergency responders,
employees in the City who would typically be in a more moderate income
bracket, but for whom the ability to attract and retain and keep some of
those folks in town is pretty limited. Of course, given the kind of size of the
                                                                            Page 2 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
