                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: The question then is whether or not to bring it back
before we finish the Comp Plan. That's what you're talking about?

Mayor Burt: Yeah, basically whether to bring it back early next year.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would associate my comments with Council Member
Kniss. I think we should definitely have a path forward that we can discuss
for affordable housing that makes sense. Whether or not that's a PC or an
overlay or all of that, that's what I want to see teed up.

Ms. Gitelman: Maybe I can ask a clarifying question. I think we're all in
agreement that this would be a useful pursuit, considering options, the
process that one would use, whether it's a modified PC or an overlay or
something else.        I heard the Council request some data and
recommendations not just from Staff but from affordable housing providers
and others presumably who would make use of this.             That's not an
inconsequential effort in terms of coming up with that analysis and data. To
me, just in terms of reality given the dates we have for Council meetings
between now and the end of January when the Council is going to set
priorities.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought early next year we were talking. We're not
talking before the end of this year. We're talking early next year.

Mayor Burt: I don't agree on that data being such a task. I believe the
Housing Corp. already has the bulk of the data that would be valuable to us,
and we'd be supplementing that. I've been asking for this data for a long
while. I was surprised to find out that the Housing Corp. had a lot of it, and
our Staff really wasn't engaging with the Housing Corp. to find out the data
that they had. I'm going to be direct on that. I think that we don't want to
put up as a big barrier something that really isn't such a big barrier.

Ms. Gitelman: Again, if I can ask a clarifying question. I wonder if we're
talking about parking again or are we talking about this question of modified
PC versus overlay zone.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My understanding was we were looking at the modified
PC versus an overlay versus other thoughts you have. I'm just going to say
it. When you said the first few months of the year, I'm thinking the first
quarter. I'm thinking between January and April, you come back to us with
a framework. I think all that data that we asked for would be very helpful as
well. I would just hope that you could work with the Housing Corporation
and come up with the data by the time we get to the end of—when you have
it, if you had it scheduled in February or March or April. That's what I'm
thinking, that first quarter.
                                                                       Page 35 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
