                          TRANSCRIPT
being part of the Built Environment as opposed to a separate, because I
think we are in that phase of its (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: First, I'd like to address this concern that if one Priority has a
relationship to another Priority and a strong relationship, that therefore they
can't be two different major Priorities.         Really, we actually have few
circumstances where we don't have relationships between these. We went
through an exercise a few years ago in our project work plan where we
ended up having some resolution because people were trying to put a
project under a single Council Priority, and really they applied to multiple
Priorities.    The same thing applies to the relationship between these
Priorities. If we look at it, the Comprehensive Plan very much deals with the
Built Environment and with Infrastructure and with Healthy Cities. Would we
argue that because those things have very strong relationship that
everything should be under the Comp Plan or that the Comp Plan shouldn't
have a Priority? I don't think that follows very well. We've had these
discussions in the past.         Absolutely we want our Priorities to have
relationship to each other, and they intrinsically do. That doesn't mean we
can't break them out as particular emphasis over the next two or three
years. I think that just as I served on the Planning and Transportation
Commission for nine years in a period where we added transportation to the
Planning Commission, and we said those two things are very much linked.
At the same time, I don't think that that should inhibit us from being able to
recognize that transportation or mobility is a crucial Priority in our City
today. It has a very strong relationship with the Built Environment. It has a
very strong relationship with things we'll be looking at in the Comprehensive
Plan about our long-term jobs/housing imbalance as a root cause, but not
necessarily as a Priority. That doesn't undermine its importance. It's just
how we've defined what a Priority is. Yesterday the Vice Mayor and I were
invited to join the Stanford Research Park new emerging Transportation
Management Association that they have. It was interesting not only how
strong they're addressing these issues, but the companies, the major
employers in the Research Park said the same things that our residents were
saying in our surveys, that our mobility or transportation problems were
foremost. Out of the ten major companies there, nine said their biggest
issue was transportation, and one included housing. That was kind of
shocking to me, that they didn't have housing at that level of priority. It
doesn't mean that housing isn't that important in our community and that
much of a problem, but it was interesting how strongly they said
transportation [video malfunction] the transportation issues are in the whole
quality of life. Our citizens didn't say all these other things about—we spoke
about different elements of the Built Environment, but it was foremost the
transportation problem. Those are reasons why I actually think that in the
way that we define Priorities, I've become convinced and I was informed by
                                                                         Page 41 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
