                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: They weren't all in Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid: No, they were housed in the county.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm just saying I think that—obviously we all care about
homelessness. We want to resolve the issue, but this is a really complicated
issue. I don't think just throwing money at it works. I don't think it's as
simple as saying let's partner with the County. That's a lot of money,
$250,000 out of the General Fund, if I recall, given especially where we are
with our budgetary constraints that we're having right now. I just want us
all to be cautious. I agree with Council Member Kniss this is primarily a
County issue. This is what the County does. They are supposed to resolve
this. The fact that they don't do necessarily a great job on it, but it's a
complex issue.

Mayor Burt: I just want to caution us. If we're going to even get through
the ten items on the parking lot and if we spend 10 minutes each, we'll be ...

Council Member Berman: Midnight.

Mayor Burt: Yeah. On the homeless, we've heard that we actually think
that we have some direction. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:          (inaudible) want to make comment on
homelessness. I have a general process suggestion to get through the list.
These are on here because one or a couple of Council Members suggested
they be on the list. What if, when we get to each one, we do a straw poll to
see if there's agreement or disagreement that the priority is wrong. The
majority may think that some of these are correct as is, and we could move
on.

Mayor Burt: Let's give that a shot, and see how that works. We'd also need
real quickly to remind ourselves where we are on the priority in order to vote
on whether it's right or wrong. On Number 10, it's a yellow. Do we think
that is approximately the correct priority or it should change?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) straw vote?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. We're having straw votes on the process Council
Member DuBois just mentioned, if we think that the current priority is
approximately correct. If it fails, then we go into a deeper discussion on
how to adjust it and what tradeoffs.




                                                                       Page 85 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
