                         TRANSCRIPT
members of the public to speak.      Our first speaker is Lisa Chung, to be
followed by Catherine Martineau.

Lisa Chung, Senator Hill's Office: I will be brief since I know there's a long
line of people who'd wish to wish outgoing Mayor Holman very well. I
represent the office of Senator Jerry Hill. Senator Hill is in Sacramento,
regrets he cannot be here today. He wishes me to convey his warmest
congratulations for this very successful year. Your leadership has been felt
throughout Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Catherine Martineau to be followed by Faith Bell.

Catherine Martineau: Good evening, and thank you, Mayor Burt. I'm here
to say a little more about the environmental leadership of Karen Holman.
She mentioned that it's still a priority for this Council. The Resolution
mentioned it too. I want to nominate Karen to be the chief tree advocate for
Palo Alto. All of you actually are tree advocates and have been. I didn't
know we could do this; I didn't know until today. I would have been here to
bestow this distinction to many of you. Karen, she started her term last
year with her Mayor tree planting. It will be your turn, Pat, very soon too.
She took a real liking for her tree; it's a gingko at Rinconada Library. In a
way she protected it; she watered it during the drought. Karen has always
been an advocate for the trees. This year, because of all of the challenges,
especially with the drought and the water conservation measures that
compounded the effect of the lack of rain, Karen took an active role. She
went herself to water her tree in front of Rinconada Library. I don't know
exactly how she brought the water. She called me to water the tree, and
then she talked to the Staff. She also, of course, led the adoption of the
Urban Forest Master Plan, and she gave to the Staff and the Urban Forest
Master Plan team some very good directions in terms of including more
about the overall ecosystem of the City and the green infrastructure in the
Plan and coming up with solutions to bring the south of Palo Alto canopy
closer to the canopy cover of north Palo Alto. I believe that the Council will
be very pleased when Staff presents preliminary results very soon. In a
word, we could not be happier with Karen's advocacy for the trees. She
used the dais and she's used her monthly letters to educate the whole
population and the residents of Palo Alto. We're very grateful for that.
Thank you for your amazing partnership, Karen.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Faith Bell to be followed by Former Mayor Yoriko
Kishimoto.

Faith Bell: Greetings to our honored Council Members, community members
at large. Congratulations to the newly elected Mayor and Vice Mayor. I

                                                                        Page 12 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/4/16
