                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman, I had recognized her at the beginning, and then we've
had several others who wanted to jump in. Let's try to hold to that process
albeit in a less formal environment than at City Hall. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.          Are you looking for comments or
potentially even a motion at this point?

Mayor Burt: Not motions at this time. It's to lay out on the table your initial
thoughts.

Council Member Holman: A couple of things. Thank you. A couple of things
are I think we ought to stick with the same four Priorities that we have
currently. Briefly I would say two things. One is that while we've truncated the
title here, Built Environment. The Built Environment is actually a multimodal
transportation,     parking   and   livability; Infrastructure   Strategy   and
Implementation. It's Healthy City/Healthy Community and completion of the
Comprehensive Plan Update with increased focus from Council. That's what the
Priorities actually are. They've just been truncated here, to be clear on that.
The reason I would say Comp Plan, I think, is probably very obvious. There's a
State requirement that we have a current Comprehensive Plan. We're several
years late on it, and we have a head of steam and requirements and an
engaged CAC and such. Built Environment, we've made some progress, I
would say. There's still a lot of work that needs to be done there including
some rebalancing of some issues. Healthy City, as you said, Pat, the airplane
noise, I think, should be the primary concern under that. Noise is a health
issue and fits, I think, very well underneath Healthy City/Healthy Community.
That is a dynamic document anyway, the Resolution, and can encompass a lot
of different arenas. It's certainly a health issue. Infrastructure, while we've
made remarkable progress, the City Manager mentioned some of them up here.
We've made remarkable progress, but I think there are some that we really
should continue on and even a couple more that aren't on the list. I'll stop
there.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Since we're just laying out ideas at this point,
essentially brainstorming, I'm going to put out several things. Happy to hear
colleagues' thoughts about how we can merge these, how we can eliminate—I
just want to put some things on the table for now. I think that's what the
Mayor is asking for. Some key ideas that I'd like to see focused on in our
discussion today. Consideration of the most vulnerable in our community. We
see this under the Healthy Cities/Healthy Communities. I think it can probably
stay there.     Anything relating to social services or facilities for at-risk
populations, we see currently in our work plan, identified already a couple of

                                                                        Page 31 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/30/16
