                         TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

9.   Approval of the Concept Plan for Bicycle and Pedestrian Improvements
     Along Amarillo Avenue, Bryant Street, East Meadow Drive, Montrose
     Avenue, Moreno Avenue, Louis Road, Palo Alto Avenue, and Ross Road
     (Continued from April 18, 2016); Approval of Professional Services
     Contract Number C16163533 With Alta Planning + Design, Inc. in the
     Amount of $824,542 for Preparation of Plans, Specifications and
     Estimates for the Amarillo Avenue-Moreno Avenue, Bryant Street
     Update, Louis Road-Montrose Avenue, and Ross Road Bicycle
     Boulevard Projects; and Approval of Professional Services Contract
     Number C16161534 With Fehr & Peers in the Amount of $544,509 for
     Preparation of Plans, Specifications and Estimates for the Bryant Street
     Extension, Maybell Avenue, and Park Boulevard-Wilkie Way Bicycle
     Boulevard Projects. Environmental Assessment: Exempt From the
     California Environmental Quality Act per Section 15301.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to Item Number 9. This item is approval
of the concept plan for bicycle and pedestrian improvements along Amarillo
Avenue, Bryant Street, East Meadow Drive, Montrose Avenue, Moreno
Avenue, Louis Road, Palo Alto Avenue and Ross Road.           This item is
continued from April 18th, 2016. It also includes approval of professional
services with Alta Planning and Design in the amount of $824,000 for
preparation of plans, specifications and estimates for the Amarillo-Moreno
Avenue, Bryant Street update, Louis Road-Montrose Avenue, Ross Road
Bicycle Boulevard projects and approval of a professional services contract
with Fehr & Peers for $544,000 for preparation of plans, specifications and
estimates for the Bryant Street extension, Maybell Avenue and Park
Boulevard-Wilkie Way Bicycle Boulevard projects. This project is exempt
from the California Environmental Quality Act. Welcome, Mr. Mello.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Greetings, Mayor, members of
Council. I'm Josh Mello, the City's Chief Transportation Official. I'm joined
by Hugh Louch, our consultant on these projects, with Alta Planning and
Design.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Burt. City Attorney Molly
Stumps. Just to alert the public and the Council to the order of the item
tonight. We do have one Council Member who has a real property interest
very close to the Bryant Street Bicycle Boulevard; that's Council Member
Tom DuBois. As a result, Mr. DuBois will not be participating in the Bryant
Street item. That item is segregable under the rules that are provided by
California Fair Political Practices Commission. We'll follow that practice
tonight to both provide for the recusal but allow participation to the

                                                                      Page 14 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
