                          TRANSCRIPT
Downtown where offices are. That's something that could be opened up, but
we have not ...

Mayor Burt: That begs the question—as we have our moratorium and we
have a couple of these parcels that are at the outlying edge on Alma that we
were dealing with recently on what to deal with them within this
moratorium, those are places that, unless we had a permanent regulation
that would essentially put in place the moratorium permanently, would then
revert to office rather than something that's in between. It was brought up,
I think, by Council Member Holman. Within your definitions, are you looking
at where to place certain other things that are viewed as community
services, such as local medical?      We talk about various other service
industries, but we haven't categorized medical historically within that or
within certain areas. Is that being considered as to what degree it should be
viewed as a service versus an office?

Ms. Eisberg:    You mean in the context of other public or quasi-public
services?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. When we talk about offices, they're not serving people in
the community coming and going and a valued service. Whereas, medical is
people coming and going to receive services locally. We've called them
medical offices, I think, historically rather than medical services. I think that
nomenclature gets us thinking about them in a different way from how the
community values them, especially the smaller ones.

Ms. Eisberg: They way you're explaining it, I think that maybe is part of the
reason why it resonated with several Council Members at that August
meeting, that it is a service that people would use in an office as opposed
to—I don't know. Maybe a bank is sort of something similar that—a retail
bank at least—you would walk into and use versus an office that you're not
permitted to enter without ringing upstairs.

Mayor Burt: Right. Or versus a bank that isn't a retail bank. That's, I think,
what we're trying to get at. How do we update our definitions in ways that
really capture local services in an updated set of definitions? What are we
trying to address? We had this moratorium around loss of retail, but it's
really retail and local services, I think, that we're struggling with. One other
thing on the height—there are two other things, I should say. On the
heights, talking about requiring a taller retail area, have you looked at how
that impacts how many floors could be permitted? I'll give the example in
the Downtown area, we've heard for a long while that contemporary retail
really should have taller ground floor to be effective. With interstitial space,
we've seen at different times where that ran up against the 50-foot height

                                                                         Page 70 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
