                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Mayor Burt?

Mayor Burt: Yes, sorry.

Ms. Stump: May I respond briefly to Council Member Holman's question?

Mayor Burt: Please.

Ms. Stump: Council Member Holman, yes, indeed while there may be
without an exemption some issue that needs review under the
environmental laws, the CEQA Guidelines—there are two of them—provide
an exception for actions taken by regulatory agencies under State law or
local ordinance to protect the environment or natural resources. This
planning process qualifies for both of those. The exemption does not include
construction-type activities, and any project that would be implemented
under this Plan would need further environmental review.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Holman: Appreciate the explanation. To follow up on that,
I know like—it's an enabling ordinance, though, so there are a lot of water
restrictions being put in place here. Construction projects, yes, get that.
There's a lot of enabling here that happens in terms of restrictions of water
use. It seems to me that cumulatively that could have a significant effect on
the environment. I'm still trying to make that connection. Bear with me;
I'm sorry.

Ms. Stump: The State Legislature has provided a statutory exemption under
both of these sections of the CEQA Guidelines. Maybe the Staff can clarify.
I believe this is a planning document that aggregates and describes other
programs and does not create new programs itself. Those types of activities
would have to be analyzed separately under the environmental laws.

Mayor Burt: Was there any follow-up to Council Member Schmid's question?

Mr. Shikada: We'll look more closely at the methodology. I would say that
the methodology for the accounts is consistent with what's specified in the
handbook. Again, we did not reconcile the different methodologies involved.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'd like to thank the Staff for all
the hard work that goes into actually putting something together like this—I
know how much time it takes—and to the UAC for going through and
reviewing it. I also wanted to say that I think you did a fairly comprehensive
and good job in updating it. I thought the Staff Report was really clear, at
                                                                         Page 44 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
