                          TRANSCRIPT
making those distinctions. Even if we would have the space to allow
different levels of nonprofits offering a range of criticality to the community
to all be there, I don't know that they should all be paying the same rent.
We may have a category of a certain subgroup that are essentially City-
sponsored or essential need nonprofits that would fall into a category similar
to what we believe Avenidas warrants, and then others that might be on the
other end of the spectrum that we're not offering them at the rate of space if
we were opening it up to for-profit use, but perhaps a higher rate than what
we would provide for these critical ones and then maybe a group in between.
I wish we had done that, and I would like to see a methodology that is
better defined, that distinguishes comparative community benefits and is
transparent. I think those are my concerns. I'm going to support the
Motion. I do think that Avenidas falls in that category of being the most
critical one. I think we need to look at this process going forward in a
different way. That looks like it concludes our discussion. Please vote on
the board. That passes unanimously. Thank you to everyone who has
participated. We look forward to both our new tenants and commencing the
Cubberley Master Plan process in the near future.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: We are now at 7:20. We are running ahead of schedule a bit.
I would just like to say that I would hope that one of the members of the
Council who voted to reschedule Item No. 10 would be open to a Motion to
reconsider. I really think that this has been a mistake to schedule an
important policy item an hour and a half before it was tentatively agendized.
We risk having members of the public who consider this a very important
item not being here, because we're working to the convenience of a couple
of Council Members over the benefit and the interest of the public. Barring
that Motion to reconsider, we'll take a 10-minute break.

Council took a break from 7:21 P.M. to 7:32 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Actually Council Member Scharff asked if he could
make the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like to make the Motion to reconsider the Motion
earlier, that we move Item—what was it? Nine? Was it 9 before 10?

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

                                                                        Page 35 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
