                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: That's the plan. I didn't want to say none, because
there may be certain—I don't know. That's the goal.

Council Member DuBois: Could we say close to no significant impacts?

Vice Mayor Scharff: As much as feasible, if you want.

Council Member DuBois: Yes. If we could add "mitigating the impacts of
future growth and development as much as feasible." That's right before the
semicolon. I don't know if you want to get into the certain scenarios, but I
was looking at the housing growth from Scenario Two and jobs growth below
Scenario Two.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My vision here was for them to come back with a
mitigated one. They'd provide us with what that looks like in terms of
housing and in terms of office, frankly. That's really what I was thinking.
What would it look like if it was fully mitigated? How many housing units
could we have? How much office could we have? Would we have to have
negative office growth? What does this all look like?

Council Member DuBois: I guess I wanted to bring in this idea again that it's
not just about mitigating but what kind of City do we want to have. One
thing I would add is that they would propose a mechanism for enforcing
densities in existing office buildings. I guess that would be Number Six.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That may be a mitigation that they come up with. I
don't want to say that they have to do that. What I heard was that it wasn't
actually possible. That's what I heard from Cara. She was toeing around it.

Council Member DuBois: She said it was with businesses. I'm wondering if
when the lease renews or whatever.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “propose a mechanism to use in existing
office buildings.”

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you. What I thought was a really
positive step in the Vice Mayor's Motion is it gives some value perspectives
and some general direction that works. Tom, I think your comment about
the nature or form of the Downtown employment is more in keeping with
that as a kind of consideration without having to jump to the density issue
that may be a way to deal with impacts of it. The quality or the diversity of
the employment is a general statement that also gives us some direction if
there's an interest. The other thing that's missing in my view right now is
on the housing side, people have been speaking about the need for housing
                                                                       Page 52 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
