                          TRANSCRIPT
a home that is more easily heated—since you mentioned windows earlier—
there are other means to accomplish the same goals with that window
replacement. Those are brought forward in the State Historic Building Code
and also other energy guides.

Council Member Kniss: Staff, do you want to say any comments about that
or not?

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Holman is correct that the State Historic
Building Code allows applicants to use alternate means to achieve the
objectives of the Health and Safety Codes. They might allow some flexibility
in meeting standards.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think my questions have been addressed.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's vote on this Motion.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor
Burt to direct Staff to return with draft language for Council consideration
regarding:

A.    A Zoning Code change to apply Individual Review (IR) to single-story
      homes in Professorville; and

B.    A definition of demolition.

Mayor Burt: It's what it says. That passes 7-1 with Council Member
Wolbach voting no. That concludes this item. Thank you very much.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Wolbach no, DuBois absent

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Numbers 11 and 12.

11.   Adoption of an Emergency Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Adding Chapter 9.17 (Personal Cultivation of Marijuana) to Title 9
      (Public Peace, Morals and Safety) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
      Prohibit Outdoor Cultivation of Marijuana and Informational Update on
      Proposition 64 and Finding the Amendment Exempt From Review
      Under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Pursuant to
      State CEQA Guidelines Section 15061(b)(3).

12.   Ordinance 5398 Entitled, “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Adding Chapter 9.17 (Personal Cultivation of Marijuana) to Title 9
      (Public Peace, Morals and Safety) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
                                                                      Page 75 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
