                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: That doesn't help the Council determine what
things should or shouldn't be allowed. In the EIR, having to do with
transportation, there are five projects listed when looking at cumulative
impacts. There are all kinds of projects that aren't included. Stanford
Hospital being the predominant one that isn't included, that's been approved
but not built. El Camino and Page Mill was one of the intersections that was
studied as part of that. Stanford Hospital, 3045 Park Boulevard, 2180 El
Camino, 1450 Page Mill, these are just ones I know of it, 441 Page Mill Road,
the Mike's Bikes site, the Footlocker site. None of those are addressed in
the FEIR in terms of cumulative impacts.

Ms. Waugh: The cumulative impact analysis takes the City's traffic model,
which already incorporates a lot of the projects that have been approved.
The additional ones that we named had to be added manually to the model
to account for those additional approvals.

Ms. Gitelman: Let me amplify on that a little bit. CEQA allows cumulative
impacts to be done in two different ways. You can do it based on a list of
projects you know about or you can do it based on projections. We used a
blend of those. We have a model that includes projected growth in traffic
volumes over time. We used that model and added any projects that were
not already inherent in those growth projections. We have fully considered
the cumulative impacts of all projects that you mentioned in one of those
two ways, either by their incorporation in the travel forecast model or by
manually adding them.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. On packet page 536, report page 7, it
talks about how Staff does not believe it authorizes a collective building area
in the Research Park to exceed the floor area ratio for the entire 700-acre
site. Has Stanford agreed to that position? This would all count under their
11 million.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. We received a letter from Stanford that, I believe, was
forward to you today, clearly stating their agreement to this process of
annually monitoring and providing the City with data on the FAR of all the
leaseholds so that we can ensure the anomaly of '98 or '99 will not occur
again.

Council Member Berman: I might have just missed that email. I'll check
after the meeting. I'm asking Staff if I'm interpreting this correctly. There
seem to be two ways to determine whether or not this legal conforming or
legal non-conforming. One is the Zoning Code, which says it's a 700-acre
parcel. My interpretation is this is just legal conforming. Is that correct? All
                                                                          Page 68 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
