                          TRANSCRIPT
are some reasons that they drive less. Disabled, there are reasons that
some of those folks drive less. Things like that. I think the adjustments
have to be thought about for that. Palo Alto Housing Corp., I've thought of
you for years. You're a laboratory, and we never think of you like that.
You're our laboratory in town because you have all this specialized housing.
I would be very interested in formulas you use for thinking about your
parking. If you monitor parking, do you do any enforcement of your
parking?      Folks do slop over on the streets or when they park
inappropriately. This City, we just talk in circles about this parking. We're
sick of it; I'm sick of it. We need to know if you can actually contribute in
hard data or you have lessons that we can learn that are specific. We would
like to know what you know. I really hope that the Cal. Avenue project
works out for everybody. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Anita Lusebrink to be followed by Diane Morin.

Anita Lusebrink: It's Anita Lusebrink. Hi. I've come here once before with
my niece who now luckily, after being on a waiting list for 4 years with
Housing Choices, has found an apartment with her boyfriend in San Jose.
That's where she is now. She doesn't drive either, so she can't come up
today, because it's about an hour commute on the bus. I really want to
commend the City of Palo Alto just from hearing the discussion tonight.
Working so closely with Palo Alto Housing Corporation, who is incredible,
committed, capable, so knowledgeable. You're just like right there with all
the facts and figures. This is a great team. I think the community really can
benefit from that. I think the diversity of our community is something I
brought up last time. I sort of wanted to draw a corollary to it. If anybody
has volunteered, when you think of—you're supposed to be helping
somebody that doesn't have something that you can give. What do you
come out with? You come out with incredible gifts as well, even though
they're intangible.      I feel that people with disabilities, especially
developmental disabilities, don't maybe have power or money or whatever,
but they have incredible gifts to give. I'd like to reiterate that. I also want
to encourage people in the City and in any facility to work regionally. I know
the County has a proposal out and all the cities basically around the Bay
Area. Because we are such a magnet for worldwide, world-class thoughts
and people, to keep the fabric of our community diverse and rich in many
different ways that reflect the number of people in our community that are
diverse, not just the world-class people. Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt:   Diane Morin to be followed by our final speaker, Shani
Kleinhaus. Welcome.



                                                                        Page 27 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
