                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I think we'll have a separate discussion. I just want to put in
there that the fee structure will need to be revised. Not what those amounts
would be, not to try to address that tonight. Just let's not imply that that
fee structure that they asked for on a voluntary basis—we're saying, "If you
do that, we're fine." That wouldn't solve anything.

Council Member DuBois: I guess it's okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part D.iv., “under a revised
fee structure” after “Management Association (TMA).”

Mayor Burt: I would also add a D.v for Staff to return with a draft set of RPP
objectives.

Council Member DuBois: That's in ii, isn't it?

Mayor Burt: Is it? I'm sorry. No, those are quantitative objectives. I'm
talking about goals.

Council Member DuBois:       Can we say "proposed goals and quantitative
objectives"?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Under this "return with a draft set of RPP overriding
goals" or something like that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “return with a draft set of
overriding RPP goals.” (New Part D.v.)

Mayor Burt: I don't know if we want to try and tackle this issue of whether
we want Staff to engage with neighborhoods—maybe this would be less
urgent—on the block face issue. Absent that, we'll still get kind of this
clustering of the problem.

Council Member DuBois: By January 15th?

Mayor Burt: No, I don't think that's probably feasible.

Council Member Berman: Return with suggestions or a strategy?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Josh, I'm trying to think about what would be some
direction on solving the clustering of parkers. What would give you some
latitude to engage with neighborhoods and not put this under a January
deadline necessarily? I think that is more complex than some of the other
things.
                                                                      Page 114 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
