                           TRANSCRIPT
beyond the current cap of 415 for the following reasons. One, the City's
directive in 2000 to limit enrollment. In 2000 traffic and parking congestion
were already beyond intolerable. John Lusardi, then Planning Director, was
very aware of the unacceptable situation and wrote in his CUP approval
letter the following: "[t]he purpose of this letter is to inform Castilleja that
the approved Conditional Use Permit does not provide for any increase in
students over 415 and that any subsequent request for additional students
will not be favorably looked upon by the City." Castilleja chose to violate
this cap of 415 immediately after the CUP's approval in 2000. Two,
dormitories.     When most of us purchased our home, Castilleja was a
boarding school with dormitories. In 1995, they closed the dorms and
became a day school. No Impact Study was done to show the negative
effects the dorm closure had on the neighborhood. Shifting to a day-use
school significantly changed the school operations with increased traffic, a
monopoly of on-street parking, and diminished quality of life for residents.
Three, parcel too small. The enrollment is maxed at 415 given the small,
six-acre parcel of land used to house both a middle school and a high school.
Four, no longer a Conditional Use. Castilleja's operations and negative
impacts on the neighborhood no longer satisfy the City's definition of a
conditional use per the Palo Alto Municipal Code. Five, the history. In
conclusion, many neighbors including myself cannot find justification to
grant Castilleja an enrollment increase given all the negative impacts, traffic,
parking and never-ending afterschool and nighttime events that are thrust
upon us.      Not to mention that the school has exceeded the existing
enrollment cap for the last 16 years, and to this day continues to be in
violation of its CUP by enrolling more than 415 students.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mr. Shannon: Thank you for the opportunity to speak.

Council Member Schmid: Thanks very much. I would just note that since
the item is not on the agenda, the Council cannot respond. Second speaker
is Sea Reddy. Good afternoon.

Sea Reddy: Good afternoon. Thank you, Vice Mayor. Thank you for the
time you've given me. I live in College Terrace, a beautiful community off of
Palo Alto. We all like what we see there. There is a Starbucks there, just to
give an example, in the corner on 2000 El Camino Real. Invariably every
day, seven days of the week, I go pick up trash that people leave over early
in the morning, 6:30, 7:00. I use that as an exercise program before I go to
Equinox. Why do I need to tolerate that? We don't need to. I think we
need to have an Ordinance that second time people that do that stuff—
there's a trash can right there. It's visible, but they leave stuff on the floor.

                                                                            Page 2 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
