                          TRANSCRIPT
your divine wisdom, you're going to have to figure this out. Either ramp it
up or kick the cans down the road. Whatever you do—I mean this in all
seriousness—do not transfer the elements of the program on University
Avenue to any other neighborhood. The program is not working well enough
to transfer it to another place. This is not the time or the day to go into that.
In the very near future, the former resident stakeholders are going to get
ourselves together to brief you on how it's actually working in Phase 2.
We're not going to wait 'til August 1st to let you know how it's going. We're
going to give Staff a little time to get Phase 2 working. Quite frankly, you
do not want to transfer it to the other neighborhoods. Jessica is gone. Sue-
Ellen, Josh, they need help. You're going to have bring in a lot of help
somehow. I'd like to close with Pat Burt's appeal at a late night meeting two
weeks ago, I believe it was, when he made an appeal for the transportation
tax. He said if you don't like parking and traffic now, just wait two years.
Defer the mitigation and see what happens. The truth of the matter is none
of the mitigation efforts that have been talked about are even funded.
Demand is going to outpace supply a lot. Thank you for the extra time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Eileen Skrabutenas.

Eileen Skrabutenas: Eileen Skrabutenas, I live at 1044 Hamilton. I am here
to talk about the three blocks in Crescent Park that were put up on the map.
I was responsible for circulating the petitions to request annexation into the
DRPP Phase 2 program. At the time, you all in your collective wisdom and
foresight said no way will employees park in that neighborhood because it's
too far from Downtown. Until four months ago, these three blocks did not
have a parking problem. As the DRPPP zone moved further and further up
Hamilton or down Hamilton depending on your perspective, parking has
become a problem for residents. At the time we circulated these petitions,
we were looking for something hopefully expedient. The only thing that was
available was annexation. I'm here to request that those three blocks, 1000
Hamilton, 1100 Hamilton, the 500 block of Chaucer, be considered for its
own RPP. We did not have a parking problem until you kicked the can down
the road and allowed people trying to escape other permitted areas to park
all day in these neighborhoods. Has created a burden on a section of town
that did not have a burden previously. Please after telling me at prior
meetings that we could not be expediently annexed into the RPP, don't come
back now and say it's a lot faster if we just add those three blocks to
something that already exists. Please consider it for its own Residential
Parking program. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Lucinda Lenicheck.



                                                                         Page 84 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
