                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Perez: The major driver is the change in the smoothing policy that
CalPERS did from the 20 to the five years. We see a steep increase in the
next four years, and then they expect it to flatten out. That's under the
assumption that all the other variables are going to come.

Council Member Berman: The rate of return and all that stuff.

Mr. Perez: The question is, if they don't, what's going to happen.

Council Member Berman: It flattens out, and then it seems to at least on
the miscellaneous side drop three percent in that last year. Is that an outlier
or is that the beginning of what might be a continuous decline or is it
impossible to tell?

Ms. Nose: I think this is part of Bartel's analysis of the impacts of the de-
risking of the plan. As you go further out in the out years, you reap more of
that benefit, so to speak, as well as you reap additional benefit of the
change in your population (inaudible).

Mr. Perez: Staff turnover is faster than I thought it would be in terms of
switching to lower costing pension formulas. That's another factor in the
outer years. When you look at Bartel's numbers, you see the rate going
down like 20 years out.

Council Member Berman: There's more Tier Three.

Mr. Perez: And two are going to be dominant, and the rest of us will be
passing on.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Lalo.

Mayor Burt: I just have a couple of questions, and then we can get to a
Motion and wrap up. We were talking about what's happened in the
increased infrastructure expenses. Lalo, you mentioned the surpluses that
we transfer, but we also had a base level of budgeted infrastructure that
went up. Do you have numbers before you say comparing what we were
spending on General Fund infrastructure in 2010 versus 2016? If you need
to look a moment, I can ask my next question.

Mr. Perez: We may have to email them to you. We may not have them
readily available. I can give you some key points to your comment. We
increased infrastructure spending as a result of the Infrastructure Blue
Ribbon Committee (IBRC) recommendations. We started adding about 2.2
million about four years ago. We've been more aggressive, as all of you
know, with our street investments, since we've increased that budget. Part

                                                                        Page 99 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
