                          TRANSCRIPT
on the corner and then my stair and then it stepped up, but I matched the
two heights, that was brought down in response to ARB and HRB comments.
We figured out that we could eliminate the stair from the third floor, so that
stair is only two stories. We have one stair that serves the third floor. I
have a diagram that shows how we could get three units on that third floor.
You'd have a 1,000-square-foot unit and two 1,500-square-foot units. Two
of them would be two-bedroom, one would be one-bedroom. We wouldn't
be exacerbating the parking and the number of people coming in and out,
because that is a concern of the appellant. There's a way to get there, but I
think we need to cut it at three. It would take some study to get four.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Don't go anywhere. I had a question for Staff. Under
the current zoning, could this project be a residential project or would that
not fit within the zoning?

Mr. Lait:  It would have to be part of a mixed-use development, so
commercial ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: If they had retail on the ground floor, you could have
residential above it?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: How would you feel about putting retail on the ground
floor with residential above it?

Mr. Ehikian: That's a whole new project, right?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Huh?

Mr. Ehikian: That'd be a whole new project?

Vice Mayor Scharff: It would.

Mr. Ehikian: The problem is we've been working on this thing for five years.
We went through the whole process, got it approved by the ARB. Now, it
just seems like the rules change. I mean, there's no guarantee that even
that's going to get approved.

Vice Mayor Scharff: How about ground-floor retail and office, could you do
that?

Mr. Ehikian: Ground-floor retail, office and residential?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Um-hmm.

                                                                        Page 51 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
