                          TRANSCRIPT
project and do not speak for the property owner or as their representative.
Rather, I intend to address the Mayor and Council with regard to the Historic
Resources Board’s (HRB's) treatment of the project sponsor and of myself.
To begin with, I am an historic preservation consultant with a professional
career that, at this juncture, exceeds 30 years and which includes nearly 20
years of historic project experience in Palo Alto. The hearing in question
included a project that I was peripherally engaged in as a consultant to the
homeowner. I did not attend that meeting as the invitation to do so came
only at the last minute. Nonetheless, in the wake of the May 12th HRB
meeting, I reviewed the draft meeting minutes and viewed the meeting
online. I subsequently attended the June 9th HRB meeting and addressed
the HRB during the public comment period. The points I made were: I have
30-plus years of committed and dedicated professional historical and historic
architectural experience; I have authored numerous historical and historic
project evaluations.     Despite my extensive experience, Board Member
Bowers alleged that my work may be outright fraud, about which I noted
that by definition such an allegation necessarily carries with it the suggestion
of criminal deception. I stated that for their information the Secretary of the
Interior Standards for Rehabilitation are not prescriptive.            They are
interpretive on a site-by-site and project-by-project basis. Additionally,
thoughtful and careful interpretations other than those of the members of
the HRB are entirely possible as well as legitimate. In this instance, the
HRB's interpretation that preservation equals moldings, doors and windows,
while admittedly legitimate, is simplistic.      Whereas, a more farsighted
interpretation is indeed possible. Further, the simplistic interpretation is in
my experience the more fictional. As a preservation professional, I do not
have the luxury of disregarding the gamut of circumstances and especially
so the historic resource record itself. At the hearing in question, the Staff
and Board treated the homeowner and their architectural colleagues with
disrespect and even insult.          Whereas, the homeowner and their
representatives are highly intelligent as well as able and willing to have an
intelligent debate. One last moment. In sum, the project evaluation I
provided on the subject property was not wrong. It was intentional and
careful and, yet, a Board Member saw fit to publicly allege fraud. Such a
public statement is deeply inaccurate, inappropriate and insulting. I request
the Council's attention to this matter with the aim of no less than a public
retraction and apology. Thank you for your time. I'm sorry to bring a
negative subject to you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Richard Brand, to be followed
by Liam McCarty.

Richard Brand: Good evening, Council Members, Staff. Welcome back. It's
good to see everybody again.     Everybody looks healthy and wealthy
                                                                            Page 8 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
