                          TRANSCRIPT
building market rate housing that becomes unaffordable, and then feeling
the need to build more, on and on, until we have a civic nervous breakdown.
Let's avoid that. As the Weekly says, laser like concentrate on building
below market rate housing for people of all ages and family configurations.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Drew Lusebrink to be followed by Anita Lusebrink.

Drew Lusebrink: Hello. I am Drew Lusebrink, and I am one of the
developmentally disabled adults who lives in Palo Alto. I have no source of
income other than Social Security, so my income will stay the same unless I
am able to find another source of income. This means that I need to find
somewhere that I can afford on my current income. However, when I have
looked for such a place, no places existed. I also have a boyfriend who
works in the area and would also be completely unable to afford housing
around here. I know that we are not the only people who have this
problem. Neither of us drives, so any housing that we would have would
need to be accessible by public transit. Now the thing is that I have issues
with speaking, but I felt that this was important enough that I would need to
say something for everybody else who has these issues and will not or
cannot. That is why I have said this.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Anita Lusebrink to be followed by Anne Hare.

Anita Lusebrink: Hello. My name's Anita Lusebrink. Drew is my family
member with developmental disabilities. We were told about this program
through Housing Choices Coalition who has spoken already on our behalf. In
general, I think that Palo Alto prides itself on being a very sort of forward-
thinking and thoughtful, intelligent, creative community, and yet we're in
great danger of becoming very homogenous to the top 1 percent of people,
because that's who can afford to live here now. Drew's grandmother, who is
92 years old and who Drew lives with right now, has owned her house for—I
don't know—probably 40 years. She's still there, but it's a little, tiny house
next to a new basically three-story house that was bought by a person in
this 1 percent that bought the house next door too while they were building
this new house. The demographic is pretty diverse in that the old school is
going to be kicked out. I just would like to say let's think of diversity in
many different ways, what all kinds of people can bring to this community,
not only the very wealthy 1 percent. People without cars and without high-
paying jobs add quite a bit to the community as well. Even though it's not a
tangible thing, it's not tax-based income, it's not flash, it's the intangibles
that will hopefully help our community be an example going into the future
for the long term, not the short term. Thank you so much for listening.


                                                                        Page 61 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
