                          TRANSCRIPT
vibrant residential sector. I guess I would make one modification, a friendly
amendment if possible, that we accept the PTC's recommendation that rental
units be charged a fee of between $10 and $20 per square foot. Given the
fact that our goal here is to change developers' incentives, not just to
maximize money but to change developers' incentives.

Mayor Burt: First, Council Member Schmid, I think for purposes tonight, you
need to not have a range. We're looking at actually setting fees.

Council Member Schmid: I would suggest then $20.

Mayor Burt: Open to the maker and the seconder.

Council Member DuBois: I appreciate your point, but I do not support
adding that. I think it's important that, like I said, rental or owned housing
actually be the same fee.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to add to the Motion, “accept the Planning and Transportation
Commissions’ recommendation that Market Rate Rental Housing be charged
a fee of $20 per square foot.”

Council Member Schmid: I think what we're really dealing with is potential
areas in the denser parts of town, parking spaces that the City owns, parts
where there are jobs in commercial districts within walking distance,
walkable areas. That's where the potential for real change in housing could
come. You want to create an incentive that a developer can look and say,
"The City is interested in getting housing in mixed-use areas. They are
sending a signal that that is a process that would help our community." I'm
in favor of what the PTC has recommended for denser rental apartments.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Tonight there's a couple of things I wanted
to say on this issue. The first is I was really pleased to see Leslye Corsiglia
here. I don't know if any of you know. I've worked with Leslye on many
issues on a regional basis for housing. Leslye is the Executive Director for
SV @Home, which is the voice of affordable housing for Silicon Valley. There
is no one who cares more about affordable housing than Leslye. For Leslye
to come here tonight and tell us to go at $25—I assume that's a range. To
go with $20, that means that the people who do affordable housing are
telling us to not do $50, to do that $20 to $25 range. I'm not really
interested in talking about sending a message and saying we have the
                                                                         Page 64 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
