                          TRANSCRIPT
wilderness, go look at stuff in this general direction," or is it "here's the
room and the stuff in the room, make something work out of what you're
given here"? Is the Staff and are the Co-Chairs and is everyone really
feeling like, when a crazy idea is thrown out there, is it "Council didn't want
us to talk about that" or is it "let's take time to think about that"? This kind
of ties into the next. Are we really facilitating deep-diving discussions or are
we just scratching the surface? Some of this was hinted at by the Chairs.
The third big question is why is sustainability the only cross-cutting thing.
Was Council not clear enough in our comments, in our direction previously
that we wanted to encourage overlays, cross-cutting discussions about
anything that the CAC identified as worthy of that? Maybe more specific
questions under these. Are consultants able to come in and talk to the CAC?
Is there a process or an opportunity for sub-subcommittees? Maybe small
subcommittees, three to five people, that could really dive deep and not
have to notice their meetings and have Staff present, so they could just
really dive deeply. If there are suggestions and ideas from the CAC about
larger-scale changes to the organization of the Comp. Plan, are they able to
offer those? Are they encouraged to offer those? I think I'll leave my—
that's a lot of questions already. I'll save my questions on the content for
later. Those are some of the big thoughts on my mind right now. I'd love to
hear feedback from anyone on the CAC about that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I want to add my thanks to
everybody there too. Thank you very much for working on this long and
complicated process. Thank you very much to the two Co-Chairs for
managing and stepping up on this, to do this. A couple of comments and
then I have sort of a nuts-and-bolts question. First of all, thank you very
much for putting numbers on the scenarios, the growth drivers, jobs and
housing. I think that's a big step forward, and I think that's a seminal part
of what we need to do here. I think that's wonderful. We're sort of talking
about the DEIR tonight. I think something that is really important, and I
think you guys are approaching this the right way on that. The DEIR, which
is part of CEQA and so forth, is really a subset of what the community needs
to understand about where we're going. I think Karen's example of VMT
versus LOS is a really good example of that. VMT, vehicle miles traveled, is
a proxy for greenhouse gas emissions. Level of service is a proxy for traffic.
I think traffic is way up high on people's priority list of what they care about,
even though it's not specifically part of a greenhouse gas emissions kind of
thing. I think you're doing the right thing to look at both those kinds of
things. I think it's important to look beyond just the definition of the DEIR
as the criteria for what we're measuring. I think you guys are doing that. I
think that's really good and thank you. Now I have a nuts-and-bolts
                                                                              Page 54 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
