                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Motion to approve by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council
Member Kniss. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did have one question on this. Are we voting on the
entire Fire budget? Everything in the Fire affects Stanford since they pay a
third.

Mr. Perez: Only the portions that impact Stanford.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If Stanford pays a third of everything, doesn't the entire
Fire budget affect Stanford? Are we voting on the entire budget or are we
not? If so, how are you segregating? What am I voting on?

Mr. Perez: We're pulling out the Stanford contract and anything related such
as Office of Emergency Services charges that are in there, dispatch charges
for Police. Those things are what you're voting on right now.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We're not voting on the entire Stanford Fire budget?
Particularly the two FTEs. Obviously if we vote to reduce two FTEs from the
budget ...

Mayor Burt: Did you mean to say we're not voting on the entire Stanford
budget or the entire Fire budget?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Entire Fire budget. I just want to make sure we're not
voting ...

Mr. Keene: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We're not voting on the two FTEs because that doesn't
affect Stanford even though it reduces their cost.

Mr. Perez: There is a revenue offset if you reduce expenses. To your point,
there's currently a 30 percent charge to Stanford. When we do reduce the
positions, if you go forward with that, we're going to accordingly reduce the
revenues.

Mr. Keene: Let me just add to that. I think I can help with this. First of all,
the proposal on the two positions as we have it formulated in the budget
right now is to reduce the funding in the Fire Department budget itself by
two positions. We haven't identified what stations those two positions would
be at, at this point. I think it's safe to say that that reduction is taking place
in the Fire Department budget, outside of Stanford right now. Secondly, we
have funding in the budget right now to fund the existing contract that we
have with Stanford. The real question will be how does that change during
the course of this fiscal year. I think ultimately any adjustments we might
                                                                               Page 22 of 100
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
