                          TRANSCRIPT
from "A" to "B," whatever mix of vehicles and modes that is. In terms of the
priorities sent to VTA, I think I actually attended that particular meeting.
Part of it was also making sure some of the money came back to the
northern end of the County, which I wholeheartedly agree with because we
have a lot of the population and a lot of the jobs here.                Caltrain
improvements certainly, as you heard me say earlier, is high on that list. I
don't think we should monolithically focus on undergrounding as the
solution. I think that needs to be looked at as an option, but it really is
about making Caltrain work better for all of the communities that are strung
along it. Safe grade crossings is part of that, but so is making sure that the
last mile problems get solved. That ties directly to the other two priorities.
The bike infrastructure, as I advocated earlier, we need to connect it across
cities. We need to stop planning bike networks city by city. That's doesn't
make any sense. We also need to stop planning it based on where bikes
currently ride which is the data we're using, and actually look at the
underlying demand for where bikers want to go which includes the shopping
centers, the employment centers and so forth. Again, going back to the first
idea, thinking of that as a network that cuts across jurisdictions, that's the
right way to go, because I need to go from here to Google or here to
Stanford and that needs to work as a network. I don't really care that it's
Palo Alto versus Menlo Park versus Stanford. That ties directly to the last
mile. I think the last mile is a really important priority. A lot of the lack of
transit ridership and a lot of the congestion we're getting is because of last-
mile problems. One of you mentioned the Downtown surveys. People would
take other options if they had a way to connect to the last mile. Nobody
wants to be stuck in a traffic jam on Highway 101. People actually prefer
other options. You look at the tech employees; they're doing it as a
productivity measure, not necessarily because of some philosophic
conviction about sustainability. They're doing it because they save time.
Let's make it convenient end-to-end. In terms of VTA beginning to think
about collaborating and integrating, I think that's a really important role. I
think ultimately it needs to go beyond VTA. We're at the edge of a County
boundary. We can't afford for VTA to do one thing and San Mateo transit do
something else. We need to coordinate that across, and Metropolitan
Transportation Commission (MTC) has an important role to play but also do
cities directly. I think that's critical. Coming back to your housing question,
I made a case based on the data explicitly for co-locating jobs and housing
near transit and near each other. The Stanford Research Park, while it was
beautiful when it was designed in the '60s, is designed 100 percent
automotive based on yesterday's best practice. How do we evolve it from
that to add the transportation, the bike networks? As we've gone, as I
mentioned earlier, from dangerous, toxic chemicals and true industrial uses
to office buildings, can we blend those more, can we work at the edges? I
think some of the projects that are happening now along the rail line there
                                                                         Page 45 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
