                          TRANSCRIPT
consultant focused on from the get go. Whenever you implement a signage
program like this, one of the things we do is look for places where we can
actually take signage away. While I think that this plan, this map does look
pretty sort of complicated and messy, I think what you're not seeing is that
part of this analysis is actually—there is a reduction in signage that goes
with this. The five or six different types of signage that are proposed as part
of the wayfinding project have specific, unique function. Directional signage
such as the—which basically is an arrow typically pointing right. Right now
we have directional signage that points right, straight, left, all different
places. Signage pointing right would replace the existing signage that we
currently have. We call them the "P"arking signs with the big "P" and the
"arking" and the arrows. Those signs would be going away. The pylon signs
are typically reserved for surface lots. They're sort of easily identifiable
when you're walking by or in a car driving by. The monument signs are
typically reserved for the garages. We also have marker signs within the
lots that explain the regulations around the parking, like it costs X dollars to
park here or this is a permit lot or whatever that is. I'm sort of speaking at
a high level, but each of the signs has a specific function, and I know that
we can certainly provide, I think, maybe a clearer map or a larger, easier to
read map than what we have here. Ultimately, there is a huge amount of
work that goes into identifying where all these signs need to go and where
they don't need to go as well.

Council Member Holman: I'm sure that's true, and yet the result we're going
to have to live with for a while, and we're paying for it. We want it to be
functional and functional in that it's not overkill too. If you look at again this
drawing, this Attachment D, we've got the lots numbered. How do I know
from this what signage is going in those locations? I guess what I'm asking
for is can we get something that's more legible than this. You can't even tell
from this what signage is going where.

Ms. Atkinson: Sure. This file actually plots out at a pretty large size, but
that's wasn't feasible to include in the Staff Report. We'd be happy to
provide that if you'd like.

Council Member Holman: I think that would be helpful. One of the
questions I have along these lines is—some of the designs I would have less
concern about them being disassociated, if you will, from the location of a
parking garage since those are the ones where we're going to be counting
spaces. Some of the designs are not intrusive if they were on University
Avenue, for instance, or on Hamilton Avenue. Others I really am not in
favor of. Again, I guess it has to do with the location of where signage is
going. It would be important for me to understand what kind of signage is
going where. I mean, we don't allow signage at businesses, for instance,
                                                                           Page 51 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/11/16
