                         TRANSCRIPT
B.   Review mechanisms for modifying the contract with the Downtown
     Business and Professional Association so that activities are not
     construed to include lobbying; and

C.   Investigating other structures for the Business Improvement District
     (BID) that may provide a more efficient use of the funds that
     minimizes staff and administrative overhead and focuses more on
     direct services; and

D.   Evaluate the boundaries of the BID to align with other Downtown
     boundaries.

Mayor Burt: We can vote on the board. That passes 8-1 with Council
Member Schmid voting no. Thank you. I'll guess we'll see this back on the
magical 27th. We are now moving on—the public hearing will remain open.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

14a. (Former Agenda Item Number 18) Authorization for the Mayor to Sign
     a Letter Regarding the Governor's By Right Housing Proposal.

James Keene, City Manager: We are doing Item Number 18, which is now
whatever it is, 14a.

Mayor Burt: 14a, excuse me. Authorization of the Mayor to sign a letter
regarding the Governor's by-right housing proposal. Welcome, Director
Gitelman.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you. Planning Director Hillary Gitelman. I'm aided this evening by Cara
Silver from the City Attorney's Office. She and a colleague have helped draft
what I hope you received at places this evening, which is an alternate letter.
At the Mayor and Vice Mayor's suggestion, we drafted a letter that included
some suggestions about how the Governor's proposal could be amended.
That substitute letter is before you. We would be happy to answer any
questions.

Mayor Burt: Can I add that the—what instigated that request was the
Council received an update from our Sacramento lobbyist, where the
Governor's Office had opened the door toward the City recommending
changes to the Governor's proposal as an alternative to us opposing it.
Without wanting to presuppose the Council's inclination as to which of those
we want to do, I just wanted to make sure that there was some help if we
wanted to look at recommended changes to the Governor's proposal, what
might that look like that would be consistent with our own policies. It may
                                                                          Page 30 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
