                          TRANSCRIPT
investment back to expectations, is the way I'd put it, of the people who
have installed the solar. I do agree and would like to see Staff come back
and look at the grandfathering provision, but I think we should pass this
tonight, and then Staff should come back and reevaluate the grandfathering
provision of how that works. What else do I want to say about this? I think
it is really important. I do think it doesn't do any good to say Prop 26
doesn't apply and we don't have to adhere to the cost of service principles.
I think we clearly do. I think this does a really good job in doing that. With
that, actually I'd like to actually move the Staff recommendation, which is
adopt a Net Energy Metering, NEM, successor rate EEC-1, Export Electricity
Compensation; establish the NEM transition policy; and amend utilities Rule
and Regulation 2, definitions and abbreviations, and 29, Net Energy Metering
and interconnection. I'd also like to direct Staff to come back with some
options on a grandfathering policy and a recommendation.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to adopt a Resolution adopting a Net Energy Metering (NEM) Successor Rate,
E-EEC-1 (“Export Electricity Compensation”) and amending Utilities Rule and
Regulation 2 (“Definitions and Abbreviations”) and 29 (“Net Energy Metering
and Interconnection”); and direct Staff to return with options and a
recommendation for the NEM Transition Policy.

Mayor Burt: Would you like to speak further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I think I've said everything other than to
say that I really do appreciate the hard work of the UAC that really looked at
this, Staff's contributions. I know that the Finance Committee also spent
quite a bit of time on this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I don't have much to say other than concur with
the comments the Vice Mayor just made. I do have one question for Staff.
The grandfathering matter, is there going to be any issue with going ahead
and passing this Ordinance and wanting you to come back with a
grandfathering? In other words, in the interim is there going to be an issue
that people are going to get caught in?

Mr. Abendschein: It's not impossible that in the few months it might take us
to get back that there might be somebody who ends up getting a little
delayed on an expansion they were trying to do. I wouldn't expect that to
last for that long. I think it's unlikely there's going to be that much impact,
if any.
                                                                       Page 33 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
