                         TRANSCRIPT
also reflect our shared ethos. They are a very good neighbor, and they are
deeply invested in TDM. The EIR reveals that there are no significant
avoidable impacts. Most importantly, I would like to thank the applicant for
working closely with College Terrace all this time to address closing off the
back door. In all honesty, I wish all lessees were like this in the Research
Park. I firmly believe that Council tonight has the opportunity to help me
encourage lessees like this to develop leading-edge projects and to
continuously make an effort to embrace our shared ethos. Thank you very
much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bob Moss to be followed by Victoria Valenzuela.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. This is
interesting. The applicant is saying you have to comply with 18.70 because
this project has an FAR which exceeds what's allowed. The reason the FAR
is about 31,000 square feet too large on one of the lots is because when the
lot lines were changed and the FAR became non-compliant, the City blew it.
What they're saying is we fooled you once, and now we want to fool you
again. There's a saying, fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame
on me. I think it's very simple. Make them comply with the maximum FAR
and reduce the size of the building by at least 31,000 square feet. Then we
comply. The toxic mitigations are totally inadequate. EPA, if they had
control over Palo Alto, would never allow the type of sampling and the
groundwater ignoring that is being done on this site. They would not allow
an underground garage. There have been no underground garages in the
contaminated area in Mountain View for more than 25 years. That has led
one of the Mountain View City Council Members to say that he's delighted he
lives in Mountain View and not in Palo Alto, because he doesn't have to
worry about toxic hazards as he would if he lived in Palo Alto. The
fundamental requirement of City government is to protect public health and
safety. This project as proposed does not adequately protect public health
and safety. I've written you a letter which describes a number of the errors
and omissions. If you want, we can go into more detail about some of them.
The buildings are too large. The groundwater contamination is ignored.
They ran samples along California Avenue, and they said they didn't find any
contamination. They didn't do any sampling along Page Mill where the
contamination is known to exist. What a wonderful way of checking to find
out whether they have a problem. We have to stop right now, reject the
project as it is, and make them come back with a properly designed,
adequate project which meets all requirements.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Victoria Valenzuela to be followed by Fred Balin.
Welcome.


                                                                       Page 52 of 94
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/11/16
