                         TRANSCRIPT
this point until we have a broader discussion about the different options that
folks in the community have brought up. We haven't had that policy
conversation yet. As long as it seems like that is the intention, then I'm
comfortable with this just so long as we understand that we still need to
have a conversation about a funding mechanism we think is right.

Mayor Burt: I think Council Member Wolbach had summed it up in a way
similar to what I was thinking. We'd want to have additional information
about how many dollars we think we would need to have Citywide, local
transportation measures that would have a significant impact on reducing
congestion from their current levels, not merely mitigate future, greater
congestion. What would be the form of it; what would be the appropriate
timing. How did you categorize the fourth one?

Council Member Wolbach: Actually the second one was the gap between
what we're already likely to raise through other measures such as the VTA
ballot measure and the TMA membership, etc. (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That's how much do we need to raise then.

Council Member Wolbach: Right.

Mayor Burt: Those are kind of the high-level categories. Within that, we
have several different iterations even if we might have our own
preconceptions on what we would want to consider. We've had out there
the sales tax. There are a number of things that, if we weren't able to go
forward with a tax, would fully fund these efforts. There's a whole bunch of
smaller measures that we could be looking at in parking fees and permits
and other various things. I think what we should focus on in the nearer
term is getting past this threshold decision of do we want to go a next step
in exploring this or do we take a step back for the time being. I think the
high-level ones would be whether it would be a sales tax or a headcount tax
or even a gross receipts we could consider in the polling. These are not
necessarily things that my first inclination is supportive of.         My first
inclination is to think that it's a headcount tax. Out of being fair, we should
look at the different options. I think we could look at a couple of different
amounts. The question of tiering, by that I mean do we have a certain level
where we have a full exemption, another level where they might—say
hypothetically it was something like under 10 or 20 employees or whatever,
they pay nothing. Up to 50, they might pay a half rate. Above that, they
might pay the full amount. Would we want to know whether we should have
a premium tax if employers have employee densities beyond what our
zoning would anticipate? If you have 4 per 1,000 employees in an office,
you pay the base. If you have taken advantage of that opportunity and

                                                                         Page 87 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
