                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think we still have a significant concern, as the League of
Cities does, about the fact that these qualifying housing projects will be
ministerial.     They're not really going to be subject to California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) review and the same opportunity for
public comment and discretionary review by the City as they would today. I
think we still capture that at the end of the letter, the alternate letter.

Mr. Keene: If I just might add. I think this is the kind of tricky balance we
need to figure out whether we've struck or not between an original proposal
that basically says we oppose the bill because of the fact that it excludes
some of the public processes that we and other jurisdictions deploy to get a
thorough review. Yet, the comment being out there that in many ways says
you better come up with some language changes that we want to be listened
to. That's what we've done, but you could look at that and say, even if we
got those, would that be satisfactory enough to us or do there need to be
some changes. This doesn't mean we're getting everything that we were
trying to get by opposing it, but putting these comments in here.

Council Member DuBois: I'm trying to understand exactly that. Number 2
here, with the 120 day review, is still not really addressing the CEQA
concern.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Council Member DuBois: The public could participate in those 120 days but
are not ...

Ms. Gitelman:    Obviously there would be public participation in design
review, but design review as intended by this bill is really a nominal process.
It's not going to be the kind of in-depth Architectural Review Board (ARB)
process that we have now, where we attach conditions and do a whole CEQA
review. We have the potential for multiple hearings at the ARB and a
recommendation to the Director and appeal.           None of that would be
available. It would be limited to a perfunctory or a high-level review of
design only during the 90 or 120-day period.

Council Member DuBois: I still find that area probably the most troubling.
We're under a time deadline here, but I didn't know if there was any
discussion of an amendment that would capture some aspect of public
review or if you just felt like that was (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Can I just say that this is just a straw man for us to consider.
We're open tonight to either not have any recommended modifications and
oppose; we could support the Governor's proposal; or we could do whatever
in between we want.
                                                                           Page 33 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
