                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Why don't we break out "E;" that'll be a second vote. Let's
make that a new "F," and make "F" "E." We can vote on "A" through "E."

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to direct Staff to evaluate feasibility of these changes in the
near term:

A.   Return with options to provide affordable housing for moderate income
     government employees including funding options and any barriers to
     creation of such housing; and

B.   Return with a program for micro-units Downtown, including decoupled
     parking, not selling parking permits, lease restrictions with minimum
     impacts, how many units to include in a pilot; and

C.   Reevaluate the definition of mixed use retail and residential in select
     locations; and

D.   Return with a plan for more bike storage Downtown; and

E.   Return with options for ensuring existing housing is used for housing
     and not other uses or unused.

F.   Move housing sites from San Antonio Road to California Avenue and
     Downtown.

Council Member Kniss: Are we voting?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. That passes 8-1 with Council Member Schmid opposing.

MOTION PARTS A-E PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

Mayor Burt: Now, let's go for—Sorry. The new "F" is what we will now vote
on, whether we're going to have—once again, it's still covered by that same
preamble, Staff evaluating feasibility of moving housing sites in the nearer
term, is basically what we're talking about. Let's vote.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible) discussion about this one?

Mayor Burt: Very briefly. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: This is also one that I didn't feel ready to make a
decision on, even this level of moving forward, even having a little bit of
iteration on it. I was just curious to hear the maker and the seconder, if
they wanted to speak to this one in particular.


                                                                     Page 110 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/21/16
