                          TRANSCRIPT
position to set the bar at this stage for a lot of cities to follow, Berkeley, San
Francisco, Oakland, San Jose, just to name a few of the cities that came.
We had nonprofit organizations, for-profit organizations, DCAG members,
architects and residents, all show up today, earlier between 12:00 and 4:00
P.M. today to talk about not only this effort but what's happened in COP 21
as well as what other cities are doing in Berkeley and in San Francisco.
We're delighted to be here, to be presenting this tonight before you. In your
packet, you'll find the Staff Report, the recommended Energy Ordinance and
the cost-effectiveness study. Just for background, we have taken a lot of
leadership positions in the past.         We've been awarded the Award for
Sustainability for Large Organizations by Acterra Business, Environmental
Awards back in 2015. We are an ISO Class 1 rated community. We're one
of only four cities, including us, in California that have that. We got the Most
Electric-Ready Community award back in 2014, if you remember. Also, we
hold a Green Building Leadership in the Public Sector award from Build It
Green. The community expects us to do great things. The road to Zero Net
Energy. This is something we created last year in collaboration with our
Green Building Advisory Group. Essentially sets a roadmap with the State's
goals on the bottom for 2020.           This is for all new single-family and
multifamily. 2030, it's for all commercial buildings. In 2050, the 80 percent
below 1990 levels goal. Along this path demonstrates how we intend to get
there. We are in the dashed line, the 2015-2017 Code period. We were
hoping for a Zero Net Energy Code. We have something that we feel is just
as good if not better; it's a Zero Net Energy Ready Code dealing with all the
unintended consequences of Zero Net Energy, which we'll get into. This is a
visual compilation of what occurred in October of last year, when we had our
Green Building Advisory Task Force. It talks about not only minimizing
emissions, energy conservation, indoor air quality, water conservation,
material conservation.       We even talked about salvage.          We anticipate
coming back to Council in June with a plan that we believe will come with
great support on how we propose to increase salvage in our built
environment. Energy is before you today because it has the longest lead
time. Now, I'd like to hand this over to Farhad to talk a little bit about
something called the Zero Energy Performance Index (ZEPI).

Farhad Farahmand, TRC Solution: Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Council.
As Peter mentioned, this is known as the ZEPI where on the scale 100 is
represented by a building that is built in 2003. At zero is a Zero Net Energy
building. Overlaid onto this scale are various building codes. Note that Title
24 in the box on the top, 2013 Title 24, is about halfway down the scale,
which is pretty aggressive in terms of achieving Zero Net Energy just from
as close back as 2003. We provided estimate locations for where the Palo
Alto Reach Code lies, the 2013 Reach Code and the 2016 Reach Code. We
can see that compared to several other metrics or Codes, the Boulder
                                                                          Page 87 of 135
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/2/16
