                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: You want to speak to the second? Let's vote on the board.
That passes unanimously. We will interview all applicants to the Historic
Resources Board and the Parks and Recreation Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: Now, we'll entertain a Motion on how to proceed on the
Planning and Transportation Commission. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd move that we interview all applicants.

Council Member Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to interview all applicants for the Planning and Transportation
Commission.

Mayor Burt: That's Motion by Council Member Wolbach, second by Council
Member Schmid. Do you want to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I think for all us, there are probably some people
we're more inclined to support at this point and others who we each might
be less inclined to support. The point of having an interview process is to
move past just having the written applications. I think we can manage this.
I think the gravity of the PTC is significant enough that we owe it to
ourselves, the applicants and the community to hear from all applicants.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just to reiterate the point that PTC is extremely
important for us, for the City. People have volunteered their time and effort,
and I think we can only make a good choice by hearing from each one of
them.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff:      I have often argued that we shouldn't interview
everyone. I've looked at the list of these candidates, and it's actually really
hard to say who shouldn't be interviewed. There's actually very competent
and impressive resumes from most of the candidates frankly. Most of these
people, at least I don't know who they are. I've met obviously a few of
them. I think it's really hard to say that we shouldn't interview everyone on
this. Given the time, I'm actually really concerned about how much it takes.
It is an important Commission. I just think maybe we should go down to 10
minutes and interview everyone. I'd make that amendment, that we do it in

                                                                        Page 43 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
