                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to adopt a Resolution honoring Jane Ratchye.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0

Jane Ratchye: I didn't have any prepared remarks like Joe and Joe. I really
do appreciate the opportunity to work at the City. It's very fun; I'm going to
miss it. The people are great. The Council's great; the Utilities Advisory
Commission (UAC) is really fun and good to work for and force us to do good
work. I'm going to miss it, miss all of you. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Scott O'Neill was not able to be here tonight. We
need to vote on his Resolution as well. Please vote on the board. That
passes unanimously.

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to adopt a
Resolution honoring Scott O’Neill.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0

Mayor Burt: It really is a rarity that we have such a group of people retiring
at the same time, who have served this community for so long at such high
levels in the organization and had such impacts. I just want to say on behalf
of the entire Council thank you.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Moving onto our meeting. The next item is Agenda Changes,
Additions or Deletions. We do not have any.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We move onto City Manager Comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Members of Council. I
know that felt really good. Now I feel really crummy with these guys not
being on the Staff anymore. They've left a big hole in our organization, but
we do wish them the very, very best. We have a new generation who, I
think, are looking forward to the chance to try to match their
accomplishments. Thank you. I know that Council heard plenty about the
fact that we began to receive some complaints last week, that there was an
unpleasant change in the taste and odor in the City's water supply. As you
know and I'm sure the public knows, the cause of this really was that the
San Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC), which is the City's water
                                                                          Page 7 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
