                           TRANSCRIPT
some occasions. Do we really not think that a committee couldn't come up
with a fair amount of recommendation by June of next year, end of June?

Mayor Burt: I'll just say that ...

Council Member Holman: I think Council Member Kniss agrees.

Council Member Berman: I don't.

Mayor Burt: Flushing out the measures that will be most effective and will
balance employer needs and community needs is no small task. I would
think it's going to need that 10 months.

Council Member Holman: I'm going to lobby for shooting for the end of June
next year. We're looking to help the businesses too. They should be self-
motivated on this.

Mayor Burt: I just don't think it's realistic. This is something I've—I'd like
nothing better than for it to happen sooner, but this is an area that I give a
lot of thought to. These aren't simple solutions. If you want to let me just
decide everything, I can have it by June. I don't think that's the way this is
going to work. I think we're going to have a bunch of stakeholders. They're
going to have different interests. They're going to need to debate. They're
going to need to study and explore and flush things out. I don't think that's
going to happen in 6 months. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I've had a chance to review this. I think I have
two proposals, hopefully friendly amendments. The first one is actually
where it says "local tax measure," right before the parentheses with a
particular focus on a Business License Tax, just to say—since we're already
saying tax is one option, I would suggest changing local tax measure to local
funding sources or local funding measure. If they come up with something
outside the box, we're open to exploring it, open to hearing it.

Mayor Burt: I just don't want to have anybody infer that that means that
whatever comes from the parking fulfills this.

Council Member Wolbach: I should say it should say local funding measures,
because it should be plural because parking is not going to be enough even
if they do include that. Again, going back to the original mandate here. It's
going to take multiple sources to get the funding for this kind of initiative.

Mayor Burt: I'm okay because we already have that parentheses on that.
Go ahead with local funding measures, plural. That's good with me. Liz,
you're fine?

                                                                      Page 114 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
