                          TRANSCRIPT
community is opposed to it. I don't think that we should necessarily stop
other SSO applications in progress. Some of those may have much more
support. I actually like quite a bit the idea that we could have something
that's protection for the Eichler architectural style. I think that makes sense
for us to consider. I think some of the motivation for the SSO is to not have
two stories, and some of it's to preserve the architectural style. I think that
the two-story thing probably is not going to pass in this neighborhood, but
the architectural style issue may make sense, and it may make sense
elsewhere in the City. The only question I would have on that is the
discussion of whether it's an overlay versus an extension of the IR is a
worthwhile discussion. I think it should be in such a way that it's not just a
guideline, but it's something that, if we decide to do that, it has to be
followed. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Again, this isn't simple at all. I hope I didn't say
that, because that was certainly not what I intended. I too have met with
several groups on both sides, some multiple times, just to let you know I've
spent a lot of time thinking about this. I think the weakness of our IR
process is the reason we're getting so many SSO applications. People have
not found it to be working. I think it's up to us to provide some clear
direction on what we mean by improving that. I also think—I'm struggling a
little bit that the applicants—I'd like Staff to maybe clarify.          My
understanding is they followed process. For things like the first FAQ, my
understanding is that they submitted that and the petition to Staff, and it
was corrected. Then, they went out for signatures. No signatures were
gathered with the incorrect FAQ; they were actually engaged with Staff and
working with Staff to get things approved. That was my impression. I don't
know if you know if that's correct or not.

Ms. French: Yes, the second FAQ was, as a result of Staff reviewing the
FAQs that they had used to gather an initial impression of whether there was
enough support. The second FAQs reflected Staff's input into that one
question that was inaccurate, Question 5.

Council Member DuBois: That's when they actually gathered signatures?

Ms. French: Yes. What I understand, looking at the dates of the signatures
on the application, was that those signatures were after the second FAQs
were distributed.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to clarify that. I think an attempt
was made to follow a process. I feel like we shouldn't lose sight of that. I
think people came to try to follow the process. They worked with Staff. To
                                                                        Page 67 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
