                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gerhardt: Staff has seen a draft of the document, yes. We will review
and approve prior to building permits.

Council Member Holman: This is going to sound argumentative, but that's
not what the intention is. I guess it's that, since we haven't seen it—it's not
a lack of trust of Staff. It's that I think the responsibility does lie with us to
look at a TDM plan and see is it adequate, is that what we want, does it
include Go Passes, does it include this or that, does it include staggered
work programs. I think it's important for us to see what those things are.
It's not a lack of trust of Staff. It's a lack of our oversight. For all of those
reasons, I'm not going to be able to support either the—Council Member
Schmid was brilliant in his description of the lacking of the traffic impacts.
I'm not going to be able to support the EIR or the project. I'm sad about
that. I think it's a beautiful project. There's just too much here that's just—
it's so amorphous that I just can't support it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, you'll be speaking to the motion?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah. I note that 30 years ago, Council passed a
strategic document called Land Use and Transportation. They said the key
to success in traffic and parking was a TDM program. Tonight we've talked
about the importance of a TDM program. A lot of confident words. How
about adding make the program instead of voluntary mandatory and state
that 80 percent of trips to the site will be limited to single occupancy
vehicles?

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible)

Council Member Schmid:         Make the TDM program mandatory rather
voluntary and set it at 20 percent.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It is mandatory.

Mayor Burt: They've volunteered it, but it's now mandatory. It's already in
there.

Council Member Schmid: How about adding the words there? A "G" which
says 20 percent of trips will be non-single occupancy vehicles.

Mayor Burt: You're referring to adding a metric on an outcome of the TDM
program as opposed to the TDM program. Does Staff have any concerns
that the TDM program is designed to achieve that outcome?

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, just because of the lateness of the hour, I think
it would take us some time to evaluate what that metric should be and

                                                                           Page 89 of 94
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/11/16
