                          TRANSCRIPT
it's not going to have the same impact as transportation or energy swaps
and so forth. It has an impact, and we don't want to lose this impact. We
do not want some other action to have unintended consequences on the
(inaudible) of the urban forest. For example, you may all know already,
because I probably have said that here before, carbon storage and—there
are two ways that trees play a role in here. The carbon storage and the
carbon sequestration is one. The other one is avoidance of emissions. On
the carbon storage and sequestration, on an annual basis street trees
sequester about 2,500 tons of CO2. Because they've done this for many,
many decades and sometimes centuries, the total carbon that is stored or
the total equivalent CO2 stored in trees is 40,000 tons in the City of Palo
Alto. Because this is just street trees and it's only 10 percent of the overall
forest, you can imagine that what we're talking about is 1/2 million ton of
carbon stored. I also have numbers in terms of emission avoidance, but
these numbers are pretty rough estimates. I think it would be really good to
work on them and integrate them into the Climate Action Plan so that they
can inform how we can manage this particular resource for its climate action
contribution. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Mark Roest to be followed by Adina Levin.
Welcome.

Mark Roest: Thank you. Mark Roest. I live in San Mateo. I grew up in San
Jose. I've been here for a while. I'm with SeaWave Battery Inc., which is a
battery technology startup. I'm a member of the Electric Vehicle Charging
Association and on the Board of the Green Fleets Group. I spend a lot of
time peering into possible futures. I'm going to focus on mobility and
battery electric vehicles. I project that take-off begins in 2017 when the
Bolt and the Model 3 are actually going into production. That's going to put
it in front of people's faces. That's also when we expect our batteries to
start hitting production and be competitive with the leaders, Tesla and
(inaudible).     They can go into new cars, sure, but a bigger deal is
conversions. The 90 million-vehicle fleet in the United States can double or
triple its lifespan by letting it run out the engine and then converting that, as
long as the rest of the body is in decent shape. Converting it into a full
battery electric vehicle and then allocating—people can choose ones that
have the range that they need as well as using things like Uber and other
car sharing. It saves from the beginning with financing, whether that comes
from the Bay Area Air Quality Management District or the California Energy
Commission (CEC) or private funds such as government financing. There's
$200 million available for conversions and any solar charging controls, etc.,
through the Green Fleets Group that can be helping with getting things
changed. Buses are a good target for conversions, trucks, private and
municipal fleets. There's a structure called the captive column that was
                                                                          Page 37 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
