                         TRANSCRIPT
categories that we've identified in the letter. I think our Staff wrote a
relatively polite letter saying, "We have some residents who are going to be
and areas that are going to be affected by some of these policy decisions.
Please make sure that you characterize those and analyze those adequately
so you have all of the information you need to make a wise decision, and we
have all the information we need to understand the impacts of the decision
that you ultimately make."

Mayor Burt: Just to speed things along. I want to emphasize that an EIR is
not a policy position at all. It is about whether impacts are adequately
studied. Out of that, bodies can choose to take whatever policy position
they want. That's not what an EIR does.

Mr. Keene: I just would add. I don't want to speak too directly for the
Staff. This was a letter from me as the City Manager to the Assistant City
Manager of East Palo Alto. Of course, we did bring it to the Council because
this is your opportunity to sort of see and weigh in. The feedback we got
was positive from the Staff in the sense that we didn't have any problems
with the letter. That doesn't mean when they respond to our comments that
they may say they don't agree or whatever. All this is designed to put out
different perspectives as you identified and, again, don't result in any
particular, specific decision or lead to that. Even if we had questions about
impacts, you may very well have a very different policy position about where
you would be on supporting or not supporting something. I just think it's
important to keep that in mind.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to echo. When this was pulled off
Consent, I went back to reread it. Again, I think it is rather soft. You're
saying that the DEIR evaluates the increased population as if it was spread
out over the whole City, not in fact concentrated as their Plan suggests.
You're asking them to evaluate that. I think that's totally reasonable. I
support the letter as written.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I thought you gave a good concrete response on
Page Three. I had a problem on Page 4 where traffic was mentioned, both
on "A" and "C" but especially on "A." It says Palo Alto believes there's a
significant difference between existing conditions identified in the DEIR and
our experience. I would think it would be helpful if you give an example.
Do we have an F intersection there or do we have a delay of Y and they're
only saying it's X? Rather than just say Palo Alto believes, if you could give

                                                                            Page 91 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
