                          TRANSCRIPT
seen of ways that communities have kind of used art and murals and that
kind of thing to lessen the impact of development?

Mr. Watson: First of all, you have a rich and strong commitment to public
art here, much more than many cities. Indeed, again art in service to an
issue like that is very much alive in key places. I don't know what the best
examples would be, but I know that given that question, Rhyena could find
any number of possible ways to demonstrate certainly mural, three-
dimensional art, the integration of art into the actual design of the building.
I mean, too often what artists are asked to do is to fix something, when in
fact they should be at the table at the earliest stage so that it's integrated
and the design reflects that. By the way, your example of the senior
housing that was ugly, again not to belabor the point, but if you look up the
examples of the EngAGE projects that have been built from the ground up,
these are spectacularly beautiful facilities designed with the arts integrated
into every part of the, its use of colors, its use of classroom space. In one
case, what was fascinating is that as an RFP they went out and asked a
nonprofit theater if they would come in and if they would co-locate their
theater. The senior housing developer built them a new theater with the
understanding that they had no cost to have their theater there, but the
exchange was then teach classes in acting to the seniors. That trade was
quite remarkable. That's North Hollywood.

Mr. Cohen: Charleston, South Carolina, the mayor there just recently
stepped down, Joe Riley, after about three decades. He was all about
design. For 25 years, he's led the Mayor's Institute on Design with the U.S.
Conference of Mayors and the National Endowment for the Arts. The focus is
that it's just a deliberate choice again and again, everything. Good design
doesn't really cost more than bad design; it's just about that commitment
and thinking it through from the get go. Their public housing is gorgeous.
They take you through the city, and you see the beautiful architecture. It
really gets back to the whole city beautiful that if it's public, it should be
public. It's just a top down commitment that they've stuck with for decades
over the years.

Council Member Berman: I definitely appreciate that. In hindsight, we
should have integrated more into the design of some of these things, but
what's done is done. If you can think of any good examples where they
improved the visual effect of a building after the fact, let Rhyena know and
let us know. It's something I'd be curious about. Thank you guys.

Mayor Burt:    We don't have other colleagues who have questions or
comments at this time. I wanted to ask a little bit more about ways in which
you're working with the convergence of art and technology, in particular how

                                                                        Page 12 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
