                          TRANSCRIPT
zoning and land use regulations. We really need to zone to allow for
affordable housing so that we can build a financially feasible and financially
reasonable project. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Pat Sausedo to be followed by Dennis Martin.

Pat Sausedo: Mayor and Council, I'm Pat Sausedo, Executive Director of
NAIOP Silicon Valley.      The commercial real estate industry association
representing over 160 commercial realtor development companies
throughout the Bay Area and Silicon Valley. On behalf of NAIOP, first I
would like to extend an appreciation of Staff and the various Commission
Members and Council Members that have taken so long to study the
commercial linkage fee issue. It is complicated, and it can be daunting in
many, many ways. That being said, NAIOP does not support the $60 a
square foot commercial linkage fee. At $60, the City of Palo Alto, if adopted,
would more than double, more than double the highest current linkage fee
throughout Silicon Valley and most of the Bay Area, if not all of the Bay
Area. As we've heard this evening, our best understanding is $25 in
Cupertino is just about the highest linkage fee we see to date. We really
recommend that your linkage fee mirror as close as possible no more than
the highest linkage fee we currently see here in the Silicon Valley region.
With all due respect, to adopt a $60 fee at this point in time really does send
to many within the business community an anti-business message. We
really hope you think about this long and hard and not exceed the current
highest linkage fee in the Silicon Valley region. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Dennis Martin to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.

Dennis Martin: Good evening, Mayor and Council. I'm Dennis Martin,
speaking on behalf of the Building Industry Association of the Bay Area. BIA
Bay Area members build thousands of rental and for-sale units through the
Bay Area obviously. We are very interested in what happens here in Palo
Alto. Very interesting discussion tonight. I don't blame the Council for their
questions regarding how do we decide what a fee is. The study does not
give you the right information. It's unfortunate because you've spent a lot
of money on it. You should have better information than you have. The
Building Industry Association has long held that these studies are merely a
legal cover for municipalities to adopt these fees. In terms of being able to
tell you what you should be charging, it's not good at all. We don't support
these studies. We never have. We've challenged them across the Bay Area.
With that in mind, we generally support, I would suppose, the Planning
Commission's recommendations on rental fees. The for-sale units, you don't
really build any single-family housing here that our members would be
interested in. One or two units at a time isn't going to do it for us. You may

                                                                         Page 54 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
