                          TRANSCRIPT
The Applicant would have to pay if the circumstances that you've articulated
do not occur. If the appeal is upheld, the applicant would have to pay the
City's costs. Is that clear?

Mayor Burt: (inaudible) under this Motion (inaudible)

Ms. Gitelman: Under this Motion.

Council Member DuBois: You said it was clear, but this Motion did not
capture what I said. I think "B" should—I said the person requesting the
appeal or a director's hearing would pay $280.

Ms. Gitelman: The Council's Motion would make both the director's hearing
and the appeal hearing something where the taxpayer is essentially
subsidizing this activity unless it's a circumstance where it can be recouped
by the Applicant.

Council Member DuBois: Correct.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Two questions. One about appeal fees, and I'm
responding actually to that public comment from Mr. Borock that a second
issue—looping back on something we discussed in the Finance Committee. I
just want to make sure I'm very clear. On appeal fees, I just want to make
sure. Did we address this question—I'm sorry if I missed it—on returning
the fee if the Council decides not to hear the appeal? I'm sorry if I'm
missing it.

Mayor Burt: That was a question. We did not address that.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd actually suggest that we add as a friendly
amendment to the Motion if the Council chooses not to hear the appeal and
it remains on the Consent Calendar, then the appeal fee is returned to the
appellant.

Council Member DuBois: I'd accept that.

Mayor Burt: I will accept it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “if the Council chooses not
to hear an Appeal, the Appeal Fee is returned to the Appellant.” (New Part
H)
                                                                       Page 34 of 72
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/28/16
