                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: The problem I'm having is it can't be true in the
extreme cases. If I said to you, "Let's have 20,000 housing units in it," I'm
assuming that damages your data and not gives you better data. If that's
not true, tell me. Does it matter where that data goes?

Ms. Gitelman: This gets back to the point that City Manager Keene was
making. We can't just pull a number out of a hat for numbers.

Vice Mayor Scharff:     That's what you're asking us to do tonight, pull a
number out of a hat.

Ms. Gitelman: It has to be a reasonable number in the sense that we have
to articulate or understand that there are policy changes that would get us
to that number.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This goes to the core of my confusion. It seems to me
that you're asking me or us as a Council to choose a number tonight. In
fact, I think I have 100 emails from people that say go big, choose a large
number. I have a Staff Report that has a number of 5,300 as the thing. As
a Council tonight, are you asking us to say, "I feel like 6,000" or "I feel like
6,500"? You say it goes back to we have to choose something that makes
sense. This is my confusion. How would Council know what is a possibility
other than the 5,300, which you have in the Staff Report? Does that mean I
cannot choose a number that's higher than 5,300, because I don't know if
that makes any sense in terms of you said it has to be practical? That's the
core of my confusion tonight.

Ms. Gitelman: Let me see if I can help. Let me explain a little bit how we
got those three options. The housing numbers in Scenario 3, which is
Option A, we got that by assuming some of the housing sites that are not as
attractive as we hoped they would be are eliminated in favor of higher
densities on better sites. In fact, five out of the nine Council Members
supported that in concept. We think that if you get rid of some bad sites
and increase density on some good sites, you're actually going to start to
see a little more housing than you would see under the no action scenario.
That's where that housing number came from. In Option B, we're showing
the same housing numbers as Scenario 4. In that scenario, we assumed
that we would get rid of those housing sites we don't think are very good,
we would raise densities on some housing sites that we think are good, and
we would add some more sites along the El Camino corridor. For that
reason, we thought the housing numbers would go up a little bit, because
we're taking all of those actions. To get to the Option B number, which is a
little bit above Scenario 4, we're saying that we would do all those things
and we would double down a little on those and start to convert some

                                                                         Page 63 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
