                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I think just two questions. The
a.m. peak hour westbound on Embarcadero, I should have looked this up.
Do you know what the LOS is for that intersection now and what it would be
after the stop lights are optimized?

Mr. Black: Our report shows that the level of service now is Level of Service
D, and it would remain Level of Service D with the project. The D would
have, as was stated before, a 2 1/2 second improvement in delay.

Council Member Filseth: As long as it's not E or F, it's less than four
seconds, but it's more than Menlo Park's. We're at D, not E or F. Second
question is the structure in Option 2 where the bike path cuts across the
right turn-lanes—there's a couple of those. That's a pretty similar structure
to Sand Hill Road westbound at Highway 280; although, it cuts across the
lane a little more. That's a pretty scary place to cycle. Is there any safety
data on that structure?

Mr. Mello: Under Alternative 2, there would be two conflict zones created in
the bike lane that runs westbound. There would be a conflict zone before
Town and Country driveway, and then before El Camino where right-turning
vehicles would have to cross.

Council Member Filseth: Those are the ones.

Mr. Mello: It would be very similar to the standard design around the
country, where a right turn-lane begins to the right of a bicycle lane. I don't
have any data on hand on the safety of those. We can look at that. It is
important to note that Alternative 2, cyclists that were not comfortable
riding in that bike lane could also cross at the pedestrian crosswalk and use
the two-way bikeway to ride into Stanford. The bike lane is not the only
option for cyclists that are heading westbound in that alternative.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: When I looked at the report, I hadn't seen a lot of
pedestrians turning right on El Camino. I noticed in your slide presentation
we now show 54, but in the Packet, Page 379, it was showing 9. Most of the
other numbers stayed the same. I was wondering what changed with that
number. From reading that.

Mr. Mello: You're referring to the north leg of the El Camino/Embarcadero
intersection?


                                                                        Page 66 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
