                          TRANSCRIPT
the next year or at the end of this year, just in that first 200 reduction that
would be focused on making sure we protect Crescent Park first, that
wouldn't necessarily have a strongly negative impact on the business
community. That's the impression I got. I do want to emphasize that we
did hear from some people who have lived in areas where the parking
problem has been quite severe.        The implementation of RPP in their
neighborhoods really helped; it really helped them. They had a really bad
parking problem, and having some limitations even with some employee
parking in their neighborhood, was still an improvement. Whereas, some
other neighborhoods, there's been a growing problem. Right now, there is
no restriction. Employees could park in every space in front of your house in
most neighborhoods in Palo Alto with no restriction. What we're looking for
is a way to restrict it somewhat at first, and then over time to restrict it
completely so that you have two-thirds of your street for now guaranteed,
and over the next couple of years get back to having no intrusive parking at
all. That's what I see as the goal we're working towards, again trying to be
fair to everybody involved. It's a tough one, though. Glad we're doing a
round of comments, so I don't have to make a motion right now.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I want to go back to the kind of legal basis for all
the (inaudible). The State law on parking permits, how does that apply to
Palo Alto?

Ms. Stump: The State law applies. The Parking Program that is proposed,
the first part that was adopted by the Council in 2014 and the
recommendations before you today, do comply with the requirements of
State law.

Council Member DuBois: There's a part in there about giving permits to
members of organizations, other groups. It specifically mentions schools.
In looking at it, it looks like that's really what that exception was created
around primarily, was schools and parking districts. My impression was it
was really a school exception, but we're using it as an office worker
exception.

Ms. Stump: There's quite a bit of discretion in how a local jurisdiction can
apply the State law. We're confident that the program that the City's
designed is consistent with the law.

Council Member DuBois: I certainly heard about Addison quite a while ago,
when the signs went up. I think we're going to have to decide. It's another
(inaudible) and we're going to have to decide what we're going to do with
permits.
                                                                         Page 40 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
