                          TRANSCRIPT
get that industry, to get those jobs, and to get the benefits of having the
future system.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:      The first question is can we get a copy of those
slides.

Mr. Heck: Sure, you're welcome to it.

Council Member DuBois: A lot of things were cut off too.

Mr. Heck: Sorry. It doesn't display well on this screen.

Council Member DuBois: I have a bunch of questions. I'll try to cut them
down. Many of the cities you were showing were kind of large, urban cities.
I think one chart, the circles were like 500,000 workers. I think you said
that Palo Alto's really kind of an (inaudible) that built up around the train
station, around Stanford. Have you seen anything or have you given any
thought to the idea of like a smart suburb? I mean, could we innovate and
get a lot of these sustainability benefits without necessarily going towards a
really dense City?

Mr. Heck: First of all, we're in a brown field situation. We can't start over,
so we have to begin with the kind of density that we have. I think the
direction we're talking about of continuing to double down on the nodes that
we already have, like the Downtown area here, and then figuring out how to
integrate the surrounding areas within a couple-mile range into that, that is
a smart suburb in a way. If I have the option of either getting on an electric
scooter or electric bike or walking to a transit node or having my
autonomous car or a shared autonomous car take me, that's what we're
talking about. The deployment of these early prototype systems here would
give us some of that smart suburb. We're not talking about adding density
everywhere. We're talking about adding density in the places where we
have existing transit, and then we're talking about adding easy access for
the rest of the areas, so that we can tie that together.

Council Member DuBois: The other question I wanted to ask, and you kind
of got into it a little bit, kind of predicting these shifts and technology can be
really difficult and you had the battery example where it happened a lot
sooner. I'm concerned about how we should think about investing in things
like trains versus, say, flexible caravans of autonomous vehicles on 101. It's


                                                                          Page 34 of 113
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/25/16
