                          TRANSCRIPT
in fact are coordinated. We heard Stuart Bernstein speak earlier about how
essentially—my read of what we hear from him and from others and also the
keynote speaker yesterday. We have a fiscal responsibility, when thinking
about the long-term fiscal health of the City government, we have a fiscal
responsibility to sustainability. It will be cheaper in the long run if we're
doing it right. If we are doing it in a way which costs us more money than
not being sustainable, then we're doing sustainability wrong. As far as
criteria to use, that's essential. Thinking about how do we do this in a way
that supports the long-term fiscal health of the City, that's essential. When
we're talking about equity as part of sustainability, this ties back into the
housing discussion. Let's be clear. I think this is important. There's a
growing body of research about this. Restrictive housing policies and
cumbersome approval processes around housing causes racial and economic
segregation. That is not a recipe for equitable, sustainable community.
That's not what Palo Alto residents want. Palo Alto residents do not dream
about a racially and economically further segregated City beyond what we
already have. They remember when we had a little bit more diversity, and
they want a return to that. We heard that from our Citizens Advisory
Committee for the Comp. Plan last week in spades. We heard it today from
a member of the community who said we need denser housing. Last week I
asked, when we were talking about the Comp. Plan, why we didn't have at
least for exploration and analysis a 30 percent increase in population.
Council Member Schmid asked why we didn't see in the Comprehensive Plan
an exploration of how we could get to a much better, improved jobs to
housing balance.        That's how we achieve true sustainability.       To be
discouraged by fear of political lash back or by a Council critique, to be
driven even in the analysis phase by fear is something I hope we won't do as
a Council, as a community, as Staff in every department. The quote from
Flood Damage Reduction (FDR) that we all know, the only thing we have to
fear is fear itself. I know fear is a very popular thing these days, but I hope
that we can set an example not only in sustainability but in rejecting fear as
our Guiding Principle. As far as setting our goals, another presidential
quote. We choose to do these things not because they are easy, but
because they are hard. For John Fitzgerald (F.) Kennedy (JFK). I think we
should absolutely be setting a goal, even if it's somewhat aspirational, of a
net zero City by 2025 with 80 percent by 2030 as a minimum. We set the
bar here. What's the saying? Aim for the moon. If you miss, you land
amongst the stars. We can set a minimum goal. We can set a high goal. If
we don't get the top one, at least we get a minimum. Some things I'd like
to see further exploration of as this process continues. A trip cap on single
occupancy vehicle trips whether by large employers or the City as a whole or
both. Maybe tying in fee-bates or some kind of single occupancy vehicle
pricing above a certain threshold. Perhaps this is a way we can work with
our TMA to get Single Occupancy Vehicle (SOV) trips down below a certain
                                                                        Page 84 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
