                          TRANSCRIPT
6:00 to 8:00, that's probably going to be hard. Again, I'd support what Greg
Scharff said; be done by 9:00 at least so it's a decent time. Rules for direction
and motions, is what you're looking for there, Jim, is more clarity? That's
Number 7 on your list.

Mr. Keene: I think a good metaphor would be the Council sort of looking at the
Priorities back there and sort of saying wait a minute, some of these are
redundant or how do they fit in. The fact is, if you think about the Council
meetings, any time there are amendments or modifications to a motion, there
is new direction that is being given on the spot. There is no way to put that in
context to sort of say wait a minute, you already asked us to do something like
that before or if we do that, it's definitely going to have an impact on
something else you asked us. The Mayor and I had a little conversation about
this. Would we build a more formal way early in a motion for the Staff to be
invited to give some feedback to the Council on the direction of the motion just
if there are implications? There are times you guys literally—you've got a
motion, and we're just watching it unfold before us. To be truthful about it,
sometimes it is a kind of just mash-up of series of amendments that ultimately
get five votes. I don't mean this in a negative way. When you step back and
look at them, it doesn't necessarily always make sense when you see that. It
would be nice to modulate that before it happens, but at a minimum after the
fact for us to be able to go back and say wait a minute, we got this motion,
what's it really going to take before we go off and just start working on it, to be
able to kind of come back and say here's what could be required. This wouldn't
always happen. Clearly, there are times we need to have some process, some
rules that would say good, we can come back within three weeks and kind of
give you an assessment as to if there's some difficulty with this or it's going to
have some impact on some other directions that you've given us. As I sort of
said before, when the Council asks us to do something, how is it that you know
that we can get the work done? We have no process for you knowing that we
could get the work done. The only way we could get the work done, if the
assumption is we're sitting around there with unprogrammed time waiting to be
filled up by the new direction. I'm basically telling you that most of the people
who are working on the key issues, not only do we—I'm not whining about this.
I'm just stating this as a fact. Not only do we not have unprogrammed time,
we're ignoring other responsibilities that we have in that "below the water line"
area of administration, management, responsiveness. Perfect fodder for the
Auditor to be able to go in and point out failures after the fact, because we're
triaging on project work, and why didn't you get your house in order.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: That gives us the opportunity for oversight time though.


                                                                          Page 64 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
