                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. McClure: Mostly birds to be loose inside the space, so that the public
can then experience that. We've broken this down into these three zones.
The red is this entry courtyard around the dawn redwood, where there's
ticketing. You can enter into this exhibit space, and then circulate out into
the Zoo and then back and forth. There's an outdoor science courtyard and
an outdoor education corner of the site right here.            The educational
classrooms are the blue areas, and then this brown bar is this back-of-house
and support space. Other aspects of that back-of-house is not so much just
providing animal feeding spaces and enclosures, but also to kind of make it
more interactive. For example, we're going to have windows that will look
into that, so kids can see the feeding and care of animals within the space
and those types of experiences. Here's the plan, just roughly to kind of
show you all the different types of spaces that we have in the back-of-house
and in the exhibit space, that science courtyard and all of this outdoor zone.
Lastly, there's a little extension of the Zoo support. This is part of the Zoo
itself, but they are primarily enclosed, outdoor, caged zones where animals
are either in circulation and out inside the zoo itself. If they need to take a
break and chill out from being on display, that's where they go off to. All of
these rooms back here are some of those areas for Zoo support. For the
Zoo itself, a complete revision. We're preserving the bobcat exhibit that's
over here. You would exit out from the Museum, all new pathways. There's
going to be an anchor feature tree that kids can climb in and around on.
We're going to still have the bridge across the pond with turtles and
raccoons and a variety of different other animal exhibits. We're looking to
have meerkats. This space over here where the pecan tree is will be this
outdoor science courtyard, so it'll have outdoor exhibits from the Museum so
there's this indoor/outdoor connection. This outdoor classroom zone, and
then back over here is that Zoo support that I'd mentioned before. We've
been working closely with the Friends, looking at budgetary constraints and
where that planning lies. I think the long-term plan that's envisioned for
this site is what we've drawn here with this future Phase 2 that would
consist of converting that outdoor classroom into an enclosed classroom
space and having a modest, little, two-story almost bungalow, if you will,
that would have some outdoor staircase that comes up. Upstairs would
either be an insect exhibit and/or butterfly exhibit, and then an ability to
have a little tree canopy walk so that you can then connect at a higher level
within the Zoo.        That's getting that over/under experience that was
identified by John and the Friends in the program at the very beginning
stages of the project so that kids can get this richer experience within the
Zoo itself. As I mentioned, we're still in the early stages of what I would call
the formal entitlement process. This is an early rendition still that we're in
development on, that we're planning to go before the ARB, I think, this
spring with the preliminary ARB review and then final ARB review.

                                                                           Page 7 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
