                          TRANSCRIPT
      Resolution 9607 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Declaring Intention to Reimburse Expenditures From the
      Proceeds of Tax-Exempt Obligations (e.g. Certificates of Participation)
      for a Not-To-Exceed Par Amount of $10.5 Million to Fund a Portion of
      the Cost of the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course Reconfiguration Project;
      and Approval of a Budget Amendment in the General Capital
      Improvement Fund.”

Mayor Burt: Our next item is approval of a contract and budget amendment
for the golf course reconfiguration project. Mr. Keene, did you want to kick
things off?

James Keene, City Manager: I will, in the interest of time, turn it over to our
Community Services Director, Rob de Geus, Mr. Mayor.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: Good evening, Mayor Burt,
Council Members. Happy to be here. To quote the Beetles, we've been on a
long and winding road with this golf course project, but we've finally reached
a critical milestone here this evening.

Mayor Burt: Can we hold it one second?

Mr. de Geus: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: Can the members of the public go ahead and go out to the
lobby to continue conversations? Thank you very much.

Mr. de Geus: I'm joined here by Joe Teresi; he's the Senior Engineer and
Project Manager for this project. We also have Forrest Richardson, the golf
course architect, in the audience. We have a presentation; we'll try and be
succinct with it. I'll pass it on to Joe Teresi to get us started.

Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer: Good evening. I'm Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer
in Public Works. I'd like to start by just walking through quickly the six
recommendations that are included in the Staff Report this evening. The
first item is the approval of a contract with Wadsworth Golf Construction
Company in the amount of $11.9 million. The second item is we worked
with this contractor to identify some cost-saving items that we'd like to have
you adopt in a deductive change order that would be approved
simultaneously with the contract in the amount of $1.2 million. The sum of
those two items would then reduce the cost of the project down to $10.7
million.   The third item is our standard request for a change order
                                                                        Page 94 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
