                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “all applicants to be
committed to the outcome of determining a funding plan that will achieve
significant reductions in congestion and single occupancy vehicle trips in the
community and that an anticipation that the total funding for these
outcomes will come from a local tax measure and other sources including
paid parking revenue, grants, the Valley Transportation Authority (VTA)
sales tax.” (New Part C)

Council Member Holman: Thank you for laying so much of this out. The
total funding for these outcomes will come from a local tax measure. Are
you saying a local business tax measure or are you just wanting to leave it
loose at this point?

Mayor Burt: Loose. We could put in there with a particular focus on a
business license tax. It acknowledges that that is what our primary focus
has been but allows for consideration of other alternatives. Does that seem
like a good way to go?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part C, “(with a particular
focus on business license tax)” after “from local funding measures.”

Council Member Holman: Yes. A question here. Do we want to have any
direction here that focus should be placed on—how to word this. Do we
want to place any focus on the greatest generators of traffic impact should
be considered as ...

Mayor Burt: Let me actually offer a framework for the Committee that isn't
prescriptive. This would be part of the motion. The Committee would look
at trip reductions both from measures that would support alternatives for
employees and measures that would reduce overall car trips in the
community. That's an attempt to say it's both without prescribing the
balance. Let them debate that too.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct the Committee to
look at trip reductions both from measures that would support alternatives
for employees and measures that would reduce overall car trips in the
community.” (New Part D)

Council Member Holman: I guess that gets there. Looking at the list. Going
back to the list, a clarification. You know where I'm going to go with a piece
of this. Number 6 is small business owner from elsewhere, medium-sized

                                                                      Page 106 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
