                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We also have a flood control project groundbreaking. I'm not
sure of the date, but I think it's right around the same timeframe. Both our
momentous events.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: We now have Council Member Comments, Questions.                   Vice
Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I attended a bunch of meetings this week. I was just
going to mention at Bay Conservation and Development Commission (BCDC)
we approved the design school funded by Oracle on their campus for a high
school, which is modeled on the Stanford design school. It's going to be this
$30 million new building. One of the really interesting things is that
anybody who lives in California can apply to go to this charter school. You
don't have to live in San Mateo County. In fact, a couple of the people who
spoke were from Palo Alto and spoke in support of it. They just started last
year, I think it was. They're operating in a warehouse and waiting for the
new school to be built. There's actually some Palo Alto residents who send
their kids there. It seemed like a really interesting option for kids.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: When it's time to adjourn, is there anybody else?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I will mention that last week was the first week we
were in our new home for the Air Board, which has now joined forces with
Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC). I presume ABAG is in there.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes. I was there at our new meeting in ABAG.

Council Member Kniss: The building is terrific by the way. It's on Beale. If
any of you are up there, you might want to drop in and take a look at it. It's
your taxpayer money at work. I'm feeling a bit righteous because the rest

                                                                      Page 114 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
