                          TRANSCRIPT
seems to be the same thing. They've heard all your ideas in the other
motion as well, so I'm not sure that we need to have a motion that captures
all this.

Mayor Burt: I would say that ideas in a motion that didn't pass have no
bearing. That's not how we conduct business. If we're giving direction ...

Council Member DuBois: I'd prefer that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion,
“reject the proposed project based on an inability to make Site and Design
Finding Number 4, which includes Policy L-12, which the project does not
comply with, nor does the project satisfy Architectural Review (AR) Findings
Numbers 2, 5, 6, and 16 cannot be met” with “return the project to the
Architectural Review Board such that Architectural Review (AR) Findings
Numbers 2, 5, 6, and 16 cannot be met.”

Mayor Burt: This is not a Study Session.

Council Member DuBois: I understand. If we refer it back or reject it, I'd
prefer the applicant to design the building.

Mayor Burt: To design the building. I'm not sure where design has even
come in here. I don't see any guidance on design other than saying what
it's not compatible with. The initial Motion has nothing to do, that I can see,
with design. I don't know if you're using the term design different from its
proper form of art.

Council Member DuBois: I'm using it loosely.

Council Member Holman: Mayor Burt?

Mayor Burt: These things matter.

Council Member Holman: Can I add then, because you're exactly right, in
the substitute Motion for the ARB and applicant to address incorporating "D,"
"E," "F," "G" and "H" from the original Motion?

MALE: How about "C"?

Council Member Holman: "C" as well.

Mayor Burt: That's up to you and the maker.

Council Member Holman. Council Member DuBois?
                                                                        Page 67 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
