                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gallardo: Through our investigation, we did an extensive evaluation of
what we call lithology or the types of soils beneath the site. Our results
actually indicated that the vapors were pretty much where we would have
expected them to be, given the fact that we had the vapors because they
were in the coarser (inaudible) units.

Council Member Berman: I'm sorry. They were in the what?

Ms. Gallardo: The sand (inaudible) the coarser-grained units. In some
cases where we had a lot of the finer-grained clay soils, we actually couldn't
even get flow out of those samples.         With respect to kind of lateral
migration, unlike the figure that's been up on the screen, we actually have
surrounded the locations where we have the vapor. Something that's
important to understand is that the release of the TCE likely occurred at
least about three decades ago. The suspect feature, a sump, where TCE—
again, where we understand that it was released, was not in use past that
time. Our feeling is that what we're seeing out at the site are basically
steady-state conditions. Again, as you saw all along California Avenue, we
didn't have concentrations of concern with respect to the vapor.

Council Member Berman: Thanks. Does Staff have any follow-up?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council. We, of course, reviewed the materials
from the applicant's experts and found them to be logical. I would defer to
the State representative from DTSC in terms of their evaluation of that
material. They did evaluate the risk assessment and accept the conclusion.
My presumption is that they agree that this is not a condition of concern.

Council Member Berman: Just so I get an understanding of exactly what's
before us today and what Council can do. There are process issues and
concerns about whether or not they should have gone back to ARB and some
of those issues I'm sure we'll talk about. In addition to that, what is within
our purview here? Do we have the ability to require additional mitigations,
require Stanford do certain things to ...

Ms. Gitelman: Just in summary, we've put before you a proposed Record of
Land Use Action. I think it is possible that you could add some findings and
further stipulations to that Record of Land Use Action. In fact, we got a late
letter from Mr. Ross that we haven't had an opportunity yet to respond to.
One of the issues he raises is about Comprehensive Plan consistency. In
response to that comment, we would suggest to the Council that we add to
the Record of Land Use Action a reference back to the Record of Land Use
Action at the time the tentative map was approved. There's a detailed
explanation there that is not in the current materials. I think the Council
does have a potential to add to this Record of Land Use Action. We have
                                                                        Page 35 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
