                           TRANSCRIPT
about where Palo Alto is and where Palo Alto is headed, this is an
opportunity to perhaps identify the uniqueness and unique circumstances
that exist in Palo Alto. The fact of the matter is that it's a combination of
factors unrelated to Net Energy Metering that do make it a bit perhaps more
difficult to push rooftop solar in our market. It's the combination of our low
electric rates in comparison to Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E) surrounding
areas, 30-50 percent below comparable rates, as well as the high level of
conservation that our residents have undertaken. Using some benchmarks
that California Solar Energy Industries Association (CALSEIA), the industry
association, put forward reflects average usage, average loads on the order
of 25 percent below what perhaps other reference points might suggest.
Both of which contribute to a very difficult market for rooftop solar. The last
point there would be simply to note that the Council's leadership, City's
leadership in the area of local solar plan and other methods to advance solar
through our Palo Alto CLEAN program, group buys, to improve and maximize
cost effectiveness of purchases, community solar program also being
undertaken, and other elements of Palo Alto's long history of supporting
solar development locally. With that, let me ask Jon Abendschein to report
for Staff on the particulars of our Net Energy Metering successor policy
recommendations.

Jon Abendschein, Utilities Senior Resource Planner: Good evening, Council
Members.      Thank you, Ed.      I'm Jonathan Abendschein; I’m a Senior
Resource Planner with the Utilities Department. I'm here to talk to you
tonight about the Net Energy Metering successor rate proposal. It is a
complex proposal, and I'm going to try and move quickly through it. If at
any point on one of these slides you'd like me to talk in more detail or have
some questions, please feel free to interrupt. I'd also note that I am
substituting here for a Staff member, Amy Bailey, who developed this
proposal after extensive research over the course of a year.                  She
unfortunately left us in the last month for a job at PG&E. I worked with her
quite a bit on this proposal. I'm hoping I can do full justice to the extensive
work that she did. In brief, I think Ed has done an excellent job of giving us
the background and context that we're working in as far as Palo Alto's
historical leadership in supporting solar. I'll just briefly run through that. I'll
continue on. I'll give you a summary of Net Energy Metering as it stands
now, the successor rate we are proposing, and how we plan to transition
from one to the other. I'll also give you a rundown of the alternatives that
we looked at. Again, we really, I believe, exhaustively considered the field
of possible successor programs. Again, just reiterating some of what Ed
mentioned to you. Palo Alto does have a long history of supporting solar.
We have been in advance of other publicly owned utilities in providing PV
rebates. There are some specific things that are unique to Palo Alto: the
low electric rates, which is a wonderful thing, as well as the fact that we
                                                                           Page 14 of 105
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 08/22/16
