                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: If it is a clear comment, direction that will be—actually if we
don't have objections from Council, then we could have that become a
consensus direction.

Council Member Holman:         Does the language "add quantification of
benefits," is that clear enough? Program 6Ai says work with relevant
departments.      Again, I would insert Canopy and whatever other
organizations.    Program 6Aiv, same thing with working with relevant
departments, say plus Canopy and others. "Focus shall include but not be
limited to soil volume, water table, root impact on and offsite" would be
another bullet. On Page 12 of 16, Program 6Bv, what's missing here is
ground stability on hillsides or earth stability on hillsides. It'd be an
additional bullet. Page 13 of 16, this is maybe a comment more than an
addition to this. Create incentives for home and business owners, can I just
suggest that Staff consider an allowance or allocation for owners of trees?
Page 14 of 16, I have no idea what, under Program 6Gi, work with relative
departments to explore incentives such as increased density. I have no idea
what that means. I don't know how to comment on it. I don't know what it
means. There's a lot of good stuff in here.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say if that one's referring to increased development
density in exchange for increased canopy, that's a big policy question. I
wouldn't be throwing that in here.

Council Member Holman: A couple of general comments. I would agree
with one of the speakers who talked about not reducing our protection of
trees and actually expanding our protection of trees of a certain size. If that
can be integrated. That's just a separate comment. I guess put it in here as
an "O." Lastly the vision. I would also move that we adopt the proposed
alternative with a change to the last paragraph. It's kind of a combination of
what was in the adopted and this one. The last paragraph would be changed
to read "opportunities presented by new development will be optimized and
ensure that the forest thrives and is contiguous, complex, and resilient.
Negative impacts of new development will be optimally avoided or otherwise
minimized."

Mayor Burt: Why don't you just leave out "optimally avoided"? I don't know
what that is. "Will be minimized," I think, captures it. I don't know what
optimally avoided is.

Council Member Holman: How about leaving out the word "optimally"? Just
leaving in "avoided or otherwise minimized"?

Mayor Burt: We're really meaning avoided to the extent possible.            That's
what we really mean.
                                                                       Page 101 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
