                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: If in Palo Alto I have carbon free electricity and if I'm looking at
cost effectiveness of a given subsidy toward reducing greenhouse gas
emission, which I assume that's the cost effectiveness standard—is that
correct?

Ms. Ratchye: Can you repeat that definition again?

Mayor Burt: You say it has to be cost effective. It's cost effective against
what standard? Reducing greenhouse gas emissions? Is that the standard
of cost effectiveness?

Ms. Ratchye: It is the total cost, the lifetime cost, of that appliance and all
the electricity it uses versus the cost of the gas appliance and the gas it uses
or whatever things you're comparing. Whether you want to add an internal
sort of extra carbon cost on that, remember the cap and trade program does
include the carbon value for electric and gas. It's included in that form.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene.

Mr. Keene: If I can jump in. I may be mistaken in what I'm talking about.
Frist of all, I don't think the Council's questions tonight are driving towards a
specific resolution completely tonight, but trying to get clear about what can
happen in the future. Most of what we've been talking about are potential
limitations or restrictions placed upon the City by Proposition 26, which is
outside of the City's control. I'm not saying that this is correct, but this
chart that I'm reading here says in 2015 it looks we got $501,000 in revenue
through cap and trade stuff related to the gas portfolio. I'm just saying.
That's not huge amounts of money to be reinvesting in energy efficiency.
Even if it's that number, the Council adopted permissible allowances for the
revenue investment in energy efficiency programs for the City's natural gas
portfolio and retail customers, a number of options. It sounds to me like our
energy efficiency program is our own program, the way we determine what
we're going to invest. The reason I bring that up is that's a big difference
between our own policies that we've set, that exist for very good reasons
but for which the City has complete discretion over and Proposition 26.

Mayor Burt: Let me try to just frame this a little along the lines of what I
think the City Manager was talking about. Our traditional energy efficiency
programs were we took electricity efficiency and we looked at ways that we
could reduce our electricity use. We took our gas and looked at ways we
could reduce our gas use. Now, we're looking at a transfer from one energy
source to another. The efficiency was to reduce our environmental impact;
that was the purpose of the efficiency. If we have a clean commodity of our
electricity and a greenhouse gas-emitting commodity of our gas, then we
have a new concept of efficiency of switching from dirty gas to clean
                                                                          Page 28 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
