                          TRANSCRIPT
near schools are appropriate places to do that. I mentioned earlier a mix of
unit sizes for housing.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Our turn?

Council Member Holman: I'd flag this page—I'm kidding there. Hang on.
Having to do with building height, I'm also in favor of retaining the 50-foot
height limit potentially with exceptions for affordable housing projects which
could include senior housing projects as well. We also have to consider that
there are density bonuses that are allowed too. Any methods to retain and
protect cottage courts, cottage clusters, definitely in support of that. The
Downtown basements, I concur with Mayor Burt's comments earlier. Also
agree with the Mayor's comments about Downtown but would add California
Avenue as to the description of businesses and the land uses that actually
are allowed and the types of uses that are allowed in those areas. I won't
repeat everything else he said, but I agree with it. Also should not be
allowing offices to have upper floor. We've taken care of ground floor, but
we need to take care of upper-floor cafeterias, which some offices are
developing and have been developing. One of the things that property
owners talk about as the benefit of having office is they support retail and
restaurants, but they're not if they have their own building facilities. Retail
attraction, I don't see much in here, if anything. Yes, we are. Yes, we are.
Yes, we are. It's important—we'll do nothing more important than this.
Retail attraction, I don't see much of anything about that in here. I could
say more, but we'll keep it brief. We do need a very strong what typically is
called economic development manager who will work with property owners
and identify what the needs are to have a very good cohesive and
complementary retail sectors, whether it's Downtown, El Camino or Cal.
Avenue. We haven't had that for a very long time. I agree with the
comments about Fry's coordinated area plan. We need to go with that
ASAP. School impacts should be in land use, not community facilities.
Almost there, almost there, almost there. Think we should be looking at
converting a good amount of the office in mixed use floor area ratio to
housing. Urban forest, I think we still lack emphasis there on water
conservation and how that marries with our canopy. Lastly, I'd like to see
the language stronger, more supporting and addressing the issues that are
raised often by our Palo Alto airport. It's Policy L-10.1. The range of issues
are not addressed there that the community faces all the time. I think that's
it. Yes. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I lost my train of thought.


                                                                       Page 94 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
