                         TRANSCRIPT
comparisons of pricing and cost, which provide incentives, for both the office
and the variety of residential spaces.       The line in the middle is a
recommended fee scenario from the nexus study. If you adjust it by the
prototype size and further by the number of units that were discussed in the
text on Page 958, you can calculate the ratio of charges for a new worker as
opposed to a new resident. We know that Palo Alto has a very high ratio of
jobs to employed residents, and we need housing. The way I work those
numbers out, rental employed residents are paying five times the fee that
would be charged to an individual worker. The others are well over a 10:1
ratio. That seems to me to be a great incentive for any developer to invest
in offices. We are increasing the incentives to invest in offices. Is that a
correct interpretation of the data?

Ms. Gitelman:       Again, Council Member Schmid, I believe I recall this
conversation from the Finance Committee and probably could find it in the
Minutes. We don't think of these fees as things that are being charged to
individual workers and individual residents. They are charged to developers.
We don't think of them as incentives for one form of development over the
other. I think the Finance Committee, as Council Member Filseth indicated,
did take your point about the balance between the residential fee amount
and the commercial fee amount. That was the derivation of the reduction
from $95 to $50 a square foot for the single-family detached prototype.
When it got to the Planning Commission, they looked at what it really cost to
build a single-family detached unit and again suggested that that fee for that
prototype be raised back up to $95 a square foot. I think we're looking at
this slightly differently. Your point is well taken, and it was to some extent
reflected in the Finance Committee's recommendation.               Although, I
recognize not sufficiently to garner your support at that time.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. A couple of things. If I buy a single-family
lot in Palo Alto of which a house previously existed, I build a house. Do I
pay this fee or not?

Ms. Gitelman: If you buy one single-family lot that has a house and you
replace it, you will not pay this fee.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If I buy a lot where the house has been torn down—I
see a bunch of them around. Right now, they're vacant lots. The one right
next door to my house, for instance, has been vacant for 10 years. Do I still
not pay the fee?

                                                                        Page 45 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
