                          TRANSCRIPT
health risk applied by the State, at which risk management measures are
considered. It would be possible to leave these houses in place by installing
in-ground ventilation systems underneath them. If Stanford had elected
that approach, the subdivision map would not need to be amended, and we
would not need any action by the City of Palo Alto. Stanford decided to take
the more conservative route by moving the houses away from the locations
of higher vapor concentrations for two reasons, even though it does require
us densifying a bit and reducing our total housing square footage somewhat.
One, we would prefer not to make it necessary for homeowners to have to
check and maintain the functioning of a mechanical system underneath their
foundation slabs to mitigate soil vapor intrusion.        Two, unlike many
developers who may need to maximize development of their property, we
are in a position to choose to downsize the project slightly and revise the
location of the effected houses. On April 4, DTSC approved this plan as
sufficiently characterizing and defining the nature and extent of
contamination and as presenting a redevelopment plan posing no significant
risk to future site residents within the specific soil and groundwater
conditions of the site. This followed six months of review and comment on
Stanford's environmental consultant's investigation and analysis, which time
period included a transparent process that included meeting with and
receiving and responding to comments from the College Terrace community
and the Center for Public Environmental Outreach. You have, in your Staff
Report, the extensive responses from DTSC to questions raised by neighbors
over the past eight months. You will also find in there the peer review of the
analysis and plan by Dr. Paul Johnson, the co-creator of the industry
standard vapor intrusion model, which was requested by Stanford. As you
know, several residents have recently conducted their own sampling of 19
homes in College Terrace adjacent to the project and have implied that TCE
from the 1601 site has migrated to some of their dwellings. A quick expert
review of their document raises serious questions regarding the scientific
validity of its methodology. DTSC has not completed their review of the
reported results; however, even if the readings College Terrace residents
collected were accurate, they would not change the determination regarding
the best layout of residences at 1601 California Avenue.             Stanford's
environmental consultant intentionally tested most thoroughly in the area
along California Avenue to define the extent of contamination and found no
evidence of migration toward College Terrace. In a March 18 response to
the Computerized Physician Order Entry (CPOE), DTSC stated "the College
Terrace community is safe with respect to potential vapor intrusion to
constituents detected in soil vapor at University Terrace based on several
lines of evidence, including the geologic units at the site, the collection of
soil vapor data over 10 years, and the removal of all potential sources of
TCE from the site." Most recently in light of College Terrace's just submitted
sampling, DTSC communicated to City Staff reiterating its conclusion that
                                                                         Page 19 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
