                          TRANSCRIPT
would shift the entire discussion. Also there was one lesson that we drew
out of discussion, that tract boundaries as originally designed by Eichler
were not truly the boundaries of the neighborhood; the true boundaries of
the neighborhood were truly excluding those two. I think that this comment
should provide input for the Council discussion tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time ...

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes, Mr. Keene.

Mr. Keene: If I just might interrupt. I think that looking at the calendar, if
we don't take this up next week on the 25th, we could easily be into June
before we could find the right amount of time. I'd rather work with you, and
if we need to reschedule the Bike Plan Item to another date, if it doesn't
work, that we would put this on next week's meeting, the 25th. It would be
one of the first Items on the Action portion of the Agenda.

Mayor Burt: This Item will be continued to next Monday. For the balance of
this evening, we will hear from members of the public. As I mentioned, we
have a rule that allows for a group of five speakers to combine their talk into
a single 10-minute presentation. We have three groups who have chosen to
do that. Our first is Katherine Smolin who ...

Katherine Smolin: I am not a group. I'm an individual.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Smolin: Do you want me to speak now or do you want groups first?

Mayor Burt: Just a moment, ma'am. Our first group will be—representative
is Andrew Pierce, speaking on behalf of the group. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A procedural question please. This is not like a
development application. Does the applicant not get 10 minutes? It's a
question please.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor and Council
Members. Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney. This is a legislative
matter, so we would suggest that you just open it up to the public and not
distinguish between applicants and members of the public.

Mayor Burt:     It'll be Andrew Pierce speaking on behalf of Jay Bosely
[phonetic], (inaudible), excuse me, Marer-Garcia [phonetic] and Holden.
Welcome.
                                                                         Page 63 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
