                          TRANSCRIPT
after 2016. The gas portfolio on the other hand is 100 percent fossil fuel.
There are no renewable requirements. One would expect that the rate
impact would be a bit more than a 10 cent per therm rate impact, which was
again the proposal that went to the UAC and Finance. That incorporated
some biogas in the portfolio and is about a 10 percent rate increase. A 4
cent per therm, which is Staff's estimate of what it would cost to use just
offsets, is about a 4 percent rate increase. There's a table at the bottom of
the slide that shows Palo Alto's gas rates relative to PG&E's. You can see
that on a volumetric basis the Palo Alto rate is significantly lower than
PG&E's. We also generated this graph to show you, because Palo Alto has a
fixed charge associated with our gas rates, that it's important to look at
different usages and where our rates differ from PG&E's. You can see that
at about 20 therms per month in the winter time is when we break over as
being less expensive than PG&E. An average customer's winter usage is
more like 50 therms per month. On the other hand, in the summer we're
actually a bit more expensive than PG&E. The Finance Committee voted 2-1
to recommend the following: approving a resolution that approves the
Carbon Neutral Plan and terminates the existing voluntary program. They
additionally directed Staff to develop an implementation plan; provide an
option for Council to consider prioritizing local offsets and prioritizing
maximizing carbon reduction within the 10 cent per therm rate impact cap—
staff interpreted this to include the following steps—implement a 100
percent carbon neutral gas portfolio by FY '18; spend no more than 10 cents
per therm but only buy enough offsets to cover the gas burned here in Palo
Alto, which is really expected to cost about 4 cents per therm; use high
quality environmental offsets as we currently do for the voluntary program;
do not purchase any biogas; and the environmental offsets would prefer
California projects only if the cost is equal to non-California and prefer local
projects if such a project can be developed by Staff. We would need to
return to Council to determine whether a premium above market is
warranted for those local projects. Based on how Staff has interpreted the
Finance Committee's direction, this is the recommended resolution before
you tonight: to approve the Carbon Neutral Gas Plan; terminate the
voluntary program; and then direct Staff to do the following things: develop
an implementation plan for the program; prefer offsets from California
projects if it's price competitive; minimize the cost to achieve carbon
reduction within the 10-cent per therm rate impact cap; return to Council so
that it can determine the acceptable premium if any to be paid for local
offset projects; and consult with stakeholders on potential methods to fund
alternatives to offsets including methods involving voter approval. Our next
steps are to get your direction this evening; revise the resolution, if needed;
execute enabling agreements to purchase offsets; develop new rate
schedules for your approval; revise Gas Utility Long Term Plan (GULP)
because, if you remember at the beginning of the presentation, GULP is
                                                                          Page 17 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
