                          TRANSCRIPT
housing side, for example, are listed as red, which basically could say for us,
in a lot of ways, we're not in a position to do anything or much of anything.
It's important that you know that. You had an important discussion. It's
also important that we're able to—this in many ways is just a question of
clarity and prioritizing and discipline. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: On that note, who would like to kick things off?              Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just really have a comment on process for our
discussion. As we talk about maybe priorities of various projects, it's
extremely difficult to compare one department to another department. It
seems like it's really departmentally driven. I strongly suggest that we take
this on maybe department by department. I think the Planning Department
has the most overload, so I'd suggest we start there as part of the process.

Mayor Burt:   We could go to the other end, which is get the easiest stuff
first.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) let those people leave.

Mayor Burt: How does that sound as a way to take a cut at it? I'd suggest
we go with ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible) going to have a round for department? Is
that the plan? We could be here all night. Maybe not; I don't know. Is that
the question?

Mr. Keene: I think if there was a way that I could orient you to it, you
could—I think most of this could go pretty quickly.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Could I suggest—I very much support the notion
of doing this by department, because you can't just compare apples and
oranges.    With the Mayor's permission, if we start with Libraries, for
instance, I'd just like to throw a Motion out there to get us started. I think
we can dispatch a couple of these pretty quickly. On Libraries, that's Items
22 and 23. Monique is here as Staff. They're both indicated as green.
That's on Page 7 of the spreadsheets. The first item is Library bike
outreach. That project is expected to be done by this summer. The second
item is expected to be completed next year ...

Mayor Burt: Let me do something—suggest something else on process
that's a variation of this. If you take for that example, I'm not sure that we

                                                                        Page 34 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
