                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: He's right behind ...

Ms. McCown: Right behind me.

Mayor Burt: I'll allow that.

Mr. Siegel: I was showing DTSC Building 30 where it clearly is needed.
Wearing my other hat, in Mountain View we would be requiring it. We've a
policy not just directly above plumes but near plumes. We require at least
passive mitigation with the option to go active. The passive mitigation does
not require any maintenance by the building occupants. It's passive, but it
does require some monitoring after construction to see whether there's a
problem. I would recommend it for everything on the parcel.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm fine with that. Again, I think the way it's
phrased now leaves the option open, whether it's ventilation which is passive
or depressurization which would be active, leaves that flexibility up to the
applicant.

Ms. McCown: I believe we are doing passive already.        That's what we're
doing. Again, I would ...

Mayor Burt: Ms. McCown, I think you're really familiar with our procedures.
Applicants and members of the audience do not have the authority to
interject unless they've been called upon.

Ms. McCown: I think you did give me the opportunity to speak to this
question. I appreciate that. Thank you very much.

Council Member Wolbach: If we need to clarify in the Motion that it would
apply all homes at the site, we can add that. If it would please the Mayor ...

Mayor Burt: It's clear that's the intent. Let's go ahead and do it and revote.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I have a question on this before we vote.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are some of the homes already under construction?
Wouldn't that cost a lot for those homes that are already there? I would
want to exclude those homes that are actually under construction.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the suggestion is to limit it to the 68 homes on this
parcel and not ... We'll have to ask the applicant if any are already ...

Mayor Burt: We'll hear from the applicant.
                                                                        Page 70 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
