                         TRANSCRIPT
10.   Policy Discussion on Comprehensive Plan Update Environmental
      Impact Report Scenarios 5 & 6 (Continued From August 22, 2016).

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to Item Number 10, which is a discussion
of the Impact Report Scenarios, Numbers 5 and 6, of the policy discussion
on the Comprehensive Plan Update. I want to read this correctly. Update of
the Environmental Impact Report and to provide direction to Staff regarding
requested modifications. This item was continued from August 22nd. Based
on our action tonight, Staff will work with the City's consultants to conduct
an environmental analysis of the new EIR scenarios.                The draft
environmental analysis will be circulated for public review prior to
preparation of a Final EIR. Director Gitelman, welcome.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. Let me acknowledge that Elena Lee and Elaine Costello are in the
audience, who are working with us on the Comp Plan. I also saw at least
one member of the Comp Plan Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) here.
There are some people watching. This is a continuation of an item or a
discussion that was actually begun in May and June and got postponed
during the Council break. We're glad to take it up again. We're here to talk
about the scenarios that we'll be adding to the EIR analysis before finalizing
that analysis and bringing it back to Council with the final Comprehensive
Plan Update. You all know that this Comprehensive Plan Update is really a
once in a generation endeavor. We've put a lot of effort into it already, not
just the Staff but the Council, the Planning and Transportation Commission,
the Comp Plan CAC and a whole host of others who have participated
through many years at this point of effort. We are developing a Plan
through all of this that is really looking ahead to the year 2030. It's about
the future, and it's really something that we think will be in place for the
next 15 years or more. We're embarked on a process that has three parallel
and interweaving efforts going on. The Comp Plan CAC, Citizens Advisory
Committee, is the middle column in this chart. It shows that the CAC is
taking up one-by-one each of the elements of the Comprehensive Plan and
preparing a recommendation to the City Council. On the left-hand column,
you'll see that the City Council is weighing in on policy issues and reviewing
the work products of the CAC. The City Council is the ultimate decision-
maker here. On the right-hand column, you'll see that we're preparing a
CEQA document which is needed before we can get to the end of the process
and provide to the Council a plan that's ready for adoption. It's really that
last strand that we're here talking about this evening. As you know, a Draft
EIR was published early this year. It looked at four alternatives or scenarios
at an equal level of detail, which goes beyond what is normally required in a
CEQA document.        The reason for doing that was to give the Council
                                                                        Page 19 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
