                          TRANSCRIPT
both the project and the environmental review come to you at the same
time for the one fee. I couldn't tell from the Staff comment whether they
were saying that there's one fee required now and the Council would have to
change it if they wanted to have two fees, or whether they're saying that the
language that's in the Ordinance would create two fees and you'd have to
change it to one fee. On the final issue of whether any changes are needed,
the fact is the decision on the floor area ratio bonus, the height bonus, those
exact numbers are decisions of the City Council. They're not decision that
are in the Density Bonus Law in the State. As you know from the work of
the Regional Housing Mandate Committee and the Council, you deliberated a
long time on what those correct numbers were in the Chapter 18.8.15.
Therefore, you should do something about them, and you should correct the
PTOD Ordinance which is based on a false premise as to what you could do
in that law. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jessica Lynam as our final speaker. Welcome.

Jessica Lynam, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 18: Thank you,
Mayor, members of the City Council. My name is Jessica Lynam, and I’m
here on behalf of the Palo Alto members of the California Restaurant
Association. I'm here this evening to ask the Council to pull Item Number
18, composting, off of the Agenda and bring it back to the Staff level for
further consideration. While we appreciate the City's efforts to address the
requirements of AB 1826 as well as achieve the City's goal of zero waste, we
have significant concerns about the mandated timeline for compliance of
restaurants only as well as the parameters of enforcement. While we
understand per 1826 the City could impose stricter implementation dates
and guidelines for composting, we ask that the Council take into
consideration restaurants and other small businesses and push the date of
implementation from the April 1st which is per 1826 to July 1st for any
restaurant who generates more than eight cubic yards of composting waste.
This couple of extra months will allow the small businesses within the city
who do not already take advantage of the optional composting to work out
negotiations with landlords and possibly with their neighbors on sharing bins
for composting. Also, they need to train Staff and purchase these bins, so
these smaller restaurants need some additional time to follow those
guidelines. In addition, after speaking to some restaurateurs within the City,
they do share bins. The current Ordinance as written does not address
those restaurants who do share bins of composting. If a restaurant is
composting correctly but their neighbor is not, GreenWaste per the proposed
guidelines for commercial customers and their restrictions would have to
come out and give a site visit to all the restaurants who share the bins.
Further down the line, if they continue to compost incorrectly, then fines can

                                                                         Page 19 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
