                         TRANSCRIPT
solar. Why does the State do that and what was the discussion kind of
locally about encouraging local solar?

Mr. Pirnejad: it's been very supportive in both of our efforts back in 2014
and '15. There's been a sort of pride associated with solar, knowing that all
your energy is coming from solar power that you generated, renewable
power that you generated on your house. There's also a large following to
the passive house movement and Zero Net Energy movement. There's
something attractive about being able to produce as much energy as you
consume onsite. People understand that their plug loads are a large part of
their energy consumption. We don't regulate plug loads, so the only way to
get to the plug loads is to offset the use of those energy sources from onsite
renewables. It has a lot of attraction. Also, there's added value to your
home as a homeowner when you install PV on your roof. You get the benefit
of the raised value of your home. You also get the benefit of ongoing energy
savings once you've installed that PV.

Council Member DuBois: If I understand it, we're actually capping the credit
you get. Why have a cap at all? Why not ...

Mr. Pirnejad: Are you talking about the net energy metering?

Council Member DuBois:     Yeah.    Not net energy metering.       Maybe I
misunderstood. I thought for residential you can only get 20 percent...

Mr. Pirnejad: That 20 percent—if I can direct you to the slide. Single-family
homes. The base Code is saying that you can use a maximum of 20 percent
to offset energy efficiency requirements.

Council Member DuBois: They capped it.

Mr. Pirnejad: You can install more solar than that, but they're only going to
give you credit for 20 percent of that.

Council Member DuBois: I'm asking you why. If we wanted more solar, why
not take more?

Mr. Farahmand: Sorry. The simple answer to that would be that they're
trying to emphasize energy efficiency construction prior to giving unbounded
credit for PV. They don't want developers to build inefficient and show that
it's compliant by just putting a lot of PV on the roof. They're capping that
credit that (crosstalk).




                                                                       Page 97 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
