                          TRANSCRIPT
the big question. You mentioned you have three examples, Facebook,
Stanford, Genentech. The key characteristic of each of those is single
employer controlling workforce and the parking around their workplace. We
have here a unique situation of many businesses, some big, some small, and
the public wanting access to the Downtown. We don't want this to emerge
with the public is not invited. That's a set of circumstances that's very, very
different than the examples of TMA that you give, that have worked. Council
Member DuBois made the point that it's good to have a concrete number to
start with, a goal, a target. What is the geographic area, what's the number
we want and how do we work toward those goals? We have gone through a
Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) process for our Comp Plan. One
of the key mitigation measures it uses is TDRs, TMAs, and one of the areas
they talk about are the Downtown. They are very explicit in what works.
Let's have specific targets, let's monitor it carefully, let's set up enforcement
and penalties for it, so that it's not a voluntary situation. It's a mandated
situation that comes from some authority. That's what our DEIR talks
about. They need to mitigate the traffic and parking issues we have, and
they suggest that that's what's needed. Stanford, especially the Stanford
Medical Center, has a TDR worked out with the City. The characteristics of
that are there are targeted numbers very clearly stated. They are monitored
on a yearly basis. There's a single employer that has control over the
parking places, financial penalties. Stanford has agreed to put up $2.5
million per year and a whole set of programs. Those are 2011 dollars, so it
grows each year. They've committed for 50 years. They say, "Here's how
we're going to do it." Even with that, they have found problems in reaching
their goal.     They had to adjust their goals downward, because the
monitoring they were doing, they said, was not as good as they thought it
should be. If Stanford is an example—another example is Mountain View.
They have established a TDM program for east of Bayshore. They have a
three-road access into that, and they are monitoring on a regular basis
every car that enters there during rush hour. They put a cap on it. Two big
employers and they say, "You're going to be penalized if that cap is
exceeded." What's going to work for our Downtown that is very different
than these other situations? How do we get specific targets? How do we
work a voluntary operation where all these others that work have a
mandated operation with a single employer? I guess that a big question to
start with. Your Board is a voluntary organization of business people. There
is no role of overseer, monitor by the City. Yet, where are you getting your
funding? I guess I see your first year budget. What is it? 70 percent of
your budget's going to come from the City. You hope to get parking fees
from the City. You hope to get more funding from the City 12 months from
now. Stanford and these other employers are using their resources to reach
mandated targets. There's really a lot of questions here about what you're
setting up, the role of the City. If you want money from the City, if you
                                                                              Page 82 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
