                               TRANSCRIPT
B.         Context Based Design Criteria:

      i.        (a) 1A, 2A, 2B: i, ii, iii, iv; and

     ii.        (b) 2B, 2C, 2H; and

     iii.       (b) 3B, 3D; and

     iv.        (b) 4, 4A, 4B.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Holman, second by Council Member
Kniss. Would you like to speak further to your Motion?

Council Member Holman: Yes. I think we're coming to a point where, I
think, we have a good ARB.          The ARB did support this project, not
unanimously. I think we're coming to a point where the community and the
ARB is better understanding compatibility. I think in this particular occasion
they didn't get there. There's a lot of examples here of how I don't think we
are satisfying our Code, having to do with transitions and compatibility. My
personal—if you want my comments now?

Mayor Burt: You're speaking to your Motion; you're free to comment as you
see fit.

Council Member Holman:           I would recommend eliminating the lot
combination. There are a number of reasons for that. It's really unclear
how this property would be treated with all assurance in the future. It also
allows for, because of the lot combination—I wrote it down. I think it's
whatever the lot size is, 2,800 and something square feet of additional office
to be a part of the project. I do think that adding an addition to the rear of
the house destroys one of the criteria that makes the house eligible for the
National Register, the Secretary of Interior Standards aside. I think the roof
pattern that's just adjacent to 411 Lytton should respect that roof pattern.
There are other sloped forms on this roof and, I think, just having the
square steps doesn't accomplish what a respectful roof pattern would
adjacent to the 411. The off-street loading facilities, I happen to agree with
the presentation that was made and has been made to us before, that the
Municipal Code, I think, is pretty clear. I personally would move the
driveway away from Kipling to Lytton. I'd lower the height of the building at
the Kipling corner to respect the single-story building across the street.
That's an example of not changing zoning in the middle of the street, which
is a pretty basic planning tenet. Going from single story to three story is
tantamount to changing the zoning in the middle of the street, which is
really a planning no-no. Transition the building to better respect the single-
story residential on Kipling. The project only creates two new residential
                                                                        Page 48 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
