                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: The Bike Plan was adopted in 2012. One of the programs that is
recommended in that Bike Plan ...

Council Member Kniss: We included it in that?

Mr. Mello: ... is to implement a bike share system. We have a CIP that's
funded upwards of $20 million over the next five years. We would propose
pulling that $1.1 million out of that project.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. A couple of questions. First, 35 stations and
that's on Slide 7. Can I just look at that on the ... When I counted little
dots, I ended up with like 11. You haven't decided where the rest of the
stations go?

Mr. Mello: It's all of the dots. The blue, the black and the orange.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It says potential stations. It's the orange as well?

Mr. Mello: Yeah. Again, this is just a reference. This was a model that was
done by the consultant to attempt to predict the size system we need in
order to get the maximum amount of ridership at a cost/benefit ratio that
makes sense.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thirty-five stations, 350 bikes, that's what we're going
to do. If we go over that, we have to pay $100,000 per bike, right?

Mr. Mello: $100 ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: On operations per year.

Mr. Mello: It would be $420,000 per year for another 350 bikes. It's $100
per bike per month.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you expect us to go to a second phase?

Mr. Mello: I think we would look at the performance of Phase 1, and then
we would come back to you when we hear from MTC whether we have
secured the capital funding that would cover the bulk of the capital costs.
We would have a discussion with Council as to whether it makes sense to
move forward with a Phase 2.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why would Motivate not cover those expenses?

                                                                       Page 86 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
