                          TRANSCRIPT
limitations on how they can function.     I just want to make sure that that
gets clarified for them. Jeremy.

Jeremy Dennis, Planning Manager: I can speak to that last point. Hillary
and I both indicated to the CAC through the rules and also conversations
with them. We said obviously you can be—we tried to discourage ad hoc
meetings to some extent, because we wanted to avoid some of the issues
that we believe occurred during the P&TC's iteration of the draft, where
there were meetings going on and the public wasn't involved and invited.
We've said, "If you're going to meet and not tell us, we understand that, but
we wanted to preserve an open, transparent process as much as possible."
While we haven't been embracing it, we've indicated that we understood it
may happen.

Mayor Burt: I think your discouragement has been taken to mean that they
can't get together as small groups to think about things. Instead, they're
limited to a fairly regimented process. It really doesn't lend itself to the kind
of problem solving and deliberation and iterative process that occurs if you
can allow small groups of people to think about things. They come and in an
open way, a minority of a group can say, "We have this proposal." When we
have Colleagues Memos, if only one Council Member could come and make a
proposal on a legislative direction without having conferred with any other
Council Members and thought about it and had that concept mature a bit
before coming to the full body, it really wouldn't be very productive. Now,
when we bring the Colleagues Memo, it's doesn't mean that it's fully baked.
We typically or very often as a Council will modify it, will critique it, we
might reject it. I think this strong discouragement is stifling. The process of
having 20 people there and you have a given subject and you have a limited
amount of time, what I've heard from a number of CAC members is they
really don't have an adequate opportunity to have discourse and
deliberation. I don't think it's appropriate to discourage them from having
discussions that they have a full legal right to do as members and that would
not violate the Brown Act in any way provided that they don't. Second, we
need to have more opportunity for real discourse and deliberation as a CAC
body. Those are a couple of things that I would really want to encourage.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, if I can just    ask a quick question. It had been
this Council's direction in the past       that when the CAC appoints a
subcommittee, that that Subcommittee        should meet at a time and place
where the public can observe. You're       not proposing to change that. If
there's a subset of the subcommittee ...

Mayor Burt: Just that individual members of the CAC can ...


                                                                          Page 81 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
