                          TRANSCRIPT
community we're not going to let the perfect be the enemy of the good. I
think we kind of fall into that trap, where we identify all of the problems with
certain housing proposals, and we use those little problems to stop
something from happening. The folks that can't find housing won't mind
those problems. They just need housing. A member of the public alluded to
the site of Maybell and the cost of housing there and how much it sold for
and said with that cost, how can we possibly create affordable housing. We
had a plan to create affordable housing there, but that didn't pass the
community's approval. I hope that as we move forward and try to identify
other sites for affordable housing, try to identify other sites for housing for
the disabled, try to find other sites for our teachers and our public safety
officers and the people who support us in the community, that we take a
little bit more kind of understanding of an approach to the fact that it might
not be within a quarter of a mile or a third of a mile or walkable distance to
certain things, but we're passed that in the Bay Area. We really need to
start to learn how to get to yes as opposed to always ending up at no.
Those are kind of some macro comments. The affordable housing overlay
zones, I think, are something that need to be discussed. My Colleagues'
comments are right that San Antonio Road is an area under transition. I
don't necessarily think—I think it might be getting to the point that it can
accommodate housing. I'm more interested in identifying more sites that
accommodate housing, not eliminating others. I'm intrigued by the idea of
focusing more on FAR and less on units per acre and a lot of the other
proposals. I know this is going to be a long conversation; I won't talk for
the half an hour that I want to. I'm looking forward to hopefully getting to
yes by the end of the night.

Mayor Burt:      The City Manager was just informing me that Staff is
comfortable with postponing the decision on—listed as Item Number 11, the
public hearing. We're obligated to open and close the public hearing. If it's
all right, what we'll do is ...

James Keene, City Manager: Or open and continue the Public Hearing.
That's what you would do, open and continue the Public Hearing.

Mayor Burt: That's fine. We can do that and thereby allow the balance of
this evening to be on this housing subject. If it's all right, we will pause this
item, continue to Agenda Item Number 11.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Number 11.

11.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and
      Approval of a Site and Design Review Application for a new Two-Story,
      7,500 Square Foot, 50-Foot Tall Building Designed to Handle Sludge

                                                                         Page 79 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
