                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I'm happy to support this as well. As somebody
alluded to, there are pros and cons to all the different sites. There are just
far too many unknown, possible pitfalls, I think, with changing course, going
back out in the community. We don't fast track community outreach in Palo
Alto. That never ends well. We can't do that. We do need a new fire
station there as quickly as possible. Is this perfect? No. Has Staff come
back and given us their assurances that the modeling that we have indicates
that it won't have a detrimental effect on response time? Yes. I think we
need to move forward and get this built, so we can get Station 4 built.
That'll be great for the community.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Because politics is the art of the compromise, at the
same time though I'm aware this is slightly longer. I'm hoping there aren't
any lives lost after your presentation tonight, which was so effective. This
seems to be the best answer, at least for the circumstances. It may not be
the best answer for other reasons. The arguments in favor of not spending
a year and a half on public outreach are pretty compelling.

Mayor Burt: One, I just want to have a clarifying question. On the table on
Packet Page 290 that talks about the dedicated parkland issue at the tennis
courts, it talks about the need for a Park Improvement Ordinance. I don't
know if the City Attorney can briefly wade into whether this would qualify as
a park improvement item under our City Charter.

Ms. Stump: Again, the Park Improvement Ordinance is appropriate if you
comply with the first test under the Charter, which is the dedicated parkland
can't be sold or its use discontinued without a vote of the people. We have
occasionally authorized limited incidental, non-parks and recreation uses for
some dedicated parklands. I think the Staff was initially thinking along
those lines. We would need to look at whether this type of use for this
duration would fit within that type of exception and, therefore, qualify for a
Park Improvement Ordinance. It very well may be that it does not and that
we would be looking at a more significant procedure to use it for this
purpose.

Mayor Burt: I just want to say also on that Rinconada option, it's not only
the time delay for the public outreach, but it's the uncertainty. We could go
through that whole process and, as a result of that, then determine that we
shouldn't go that site, and that's all delay. Chief, I saw at least one member
of the public was questioning why Station 3 is being done ahead of Number
4. Can you clarify the reason for that sequencing?


                                                                       Page 45 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
