                          TRANSCRIPT
Association is very concerned about housing for the community's most
vulnerable. We are enthusiastic about the idea of micro units and would
love to see a sensible pilot project to promote micro units, but this is not it.
Our principle objection is that when up-zoning is allowed, citizens don't know
what to expect. It's unfair. Also, it clearly benefits the developers who buy
a property zoned one way and bank on being treated to an up-zone to their
wealth. All the promises about preferences, who will police this? The Code
enforcement staff are already overrun and cannot manage the workload they
have. No disrespect intended. This is not a small town anymore, so it will
fall upon neighbors to tattle on each other. It's just gross. In Ventura,
we're waiting for relief for some Code enforcement issues on a bunch of
creepy shops that are on El Camino. We have been begging for some
attention to those and have had nothing, because the Code people are super
busy. Therefore, we urge you to say no to up-zoning the VTA parking lot.
We don't need more traffic, safety problems, pollution, developer giveaways,
monster buildings that are given Code exemptions in our neighborhood.
With all the developments under construction and in the pipeline in Cal. Ave.
and abutting neighborhoods, the collective impact has yet to be measured.
We do need a comprehensive solution to our housing solution, not this one-
by-one spot zoning, piecemeal, disaster area. Please do your duty to rein in
these baby Godzillas by giving them a timeout. Thank you for your attention
this evening. I appreciate your service to our fair City.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Final speaker is Jeff Levinsky.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council. I get to play cleanup
here. First of all, it's about 36 cars that are parked on that site right now.
We'd like to know where those cars are going to go if a building is on top. I
don't think a second layer down below would be enough to handle those
cars. That's one question. Another is a question about what happens if you
rent one of these apartments and then you become disabled and you need a
car to get around. Will you be kicked out of the apartment because of that?
That's unthinkable. I don't understand how the provision would work there.
If you look at the plans there, some of the ground-floor units have balconies
that face right onto Oregon Expressway. The fumes and such and health
problems of that seem pretty awful. Caltrain is full, if you haven't heard
lately. Handing out passes to Caltrain doesn't mean people are actually
going to get to take Caltrain. For all those reasons, it feels like an
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) or something like that would need to
well precede anything like this project going forward at all. I think that
should be part of the discussion. As to pilot projects, let me point out that
we have TDMs and PCs right now that are not being enforced. I live right
next to one where they knocked down a historic building with a slap on the
wrist. They have a grocery store that's not operating, and this has been
                                                                         Page 28 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
