                          TRANSCRIPT
of being together, working together, being in the same office still is a
powerful effect even though I might telecommute two days a week and not
have to go into the office. At the very macro level, cities have a huge
advantage, and I mean cities of all sizes not necessarily just mega cities, in
terms of the Intellectual Property (IP) creation, the job creation and the GDP
growth. About 70 percent of the GDP globally is happening in cities. It's a
massively disproportionate effect. I think we're pretty safe to bet overall
that cities aren't going away, even mid-size cities. I do think it is important
to think about is there just an aggregation of really big players or do we also
need to think about the mid-size and innovative, and do we support
infrastructure. I know there have been debates here about how do we
connect every residential household in this City more into the economy,
whether that's fiber or wireless links. I do think that's important, because
the unknown quantity is here. How much do we completely do online? If
we all start buying everything from Amazon and putting on our virtual reality
glasses for travel, things could be very different than we're envisioning now.
We're certainly seeing the beginnings of some of that.             That was a
philosophical answer to a philosophical question.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. I've loved everything
about your presentation and about the conversation that we're having.
Some Colleagues know that a couple of years ago I gave a TEDx (a talk
given in 18 or less minutes) talk on autonomous vehicles and the impact
that I think they'll have on communities like Palo Alto. It started with the
concern that we faced 2 1/2 years ago and that we still face today which is
the resident frustration with traffic and the lack of parking and that kind of
thing. You've given a great presentation on once those are all integrated, I
really think it'll decrease the frustration in the community which will increase
hopefully the willingness of our residents to do some of the things that
you've suggested which is increasing density a little bit more, maybe going
up a little bit higher in strategic corridors. I think all of those will play
together and hopefully get us to a much more efficient community. It won't
happen overnight, but I definitely have a lot of optimism, I think, for 15, 20
years from now. You were talking about the efficiency that we gain with
autonomous vehicles and their ability to communicate together. I also just
saw that—following up on Council Member Kniss' comments—some of the
most entrenched, kind of incumbent automobile manufacturers are getting
into this space. General Motors (GM) just announced Maven a couple of
days ago, and (inaudible) car which had gone bankrupt a month or so ago.
Google doesn't want to get into the car manufacturing space; that's not what
they do. I think they're more interested in creating the technology and then
licensing it out. I just randomly had a meeting at Google, I think it was the
                                                                         Page 39 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
