                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Griego: I felt like I heard Allison say if there were a linkage to other
network opportunities, they would be open to it. You're getting agreement
that they would be open to it.

Mayor Burt: I think I'm hearing that we might be able to put in a reserve
area that would be a landscape buffer until such time as there may be a bike
spine agreed to. I'll leave it at that. We probably have that ability to put
that as a condition of approval ourselves.

Ms. Griego: I definitely understand what you're bringing up as a concept. I
haven't seen the idea laid out physically on the map, but it makes sense as a
concept. Definitely support the idea of improving bike/ped access.

Mayor Burt: The other thing on the trip impacts—actually I may need Allison
for that one too. We have a voluntary TDM program that sounds pretty
extensive, but is not part of the EIR because it's voluntary. Is that right?

Ms. Gerhardt: It's not part of the EIR, but it is a condition of approval.

Mayor Burt: If it is a condition of approval, why wasn't it included in the EIR
impacts?

Ms. Waugh: When we started to work on the analysis, I don't think the TDM
was a commitment on the project's behalf at that time. We evaluated the
project with no TDM and found that there aren't impacts. Under CEQA, we
can't require it as a mitigation measure.     Through your conditions of
approval, you can require it that way. CEQA doesn't ...

Mayor Burt: Even if you couldn't require it, it would be part of the impact
analysis. Do you know with the TDM measures how many of these other
non-significant impacts of traffic are reduced or eliminated as a result of the
TDM program? These very things that we had colleagues concerned about
are impacts absent the TDM. If the TDM is now a condition of approval, then
that changes that.

Ms. Waugh: We did not do analysis to determine specifically—if we have a
3.9 second delay under the existing-plus project, how much better would it
be, how much shorter of a delay would that be.

Mayor Burt: How about this at a high level? Absent the TDM program,
there were 663 car trips per day resulting from the project. Do we know
how many of those would be taken away as a result of the TDM program or
does the applicant know that? We appreciate that a TDM program is what
would happen by design. That's not quite the same thing as having this
absolute calculation.
                                                                          Page 71 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
