                          TRANSCRIPT
Camino/Page Mill under-crossing, that should be added. I think that ends
my—yes. One more comment again with Council Member DuBois, going
back to him. There's nothing in here that I see that addresses cumulative
impacts. Lastly, I think we should also look at no net new trips, how we
might work towards that. That concludes my comments.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. As we all go through our lists here, I think
we should not overlook that in this rev, although it departs significantly from
the existing Comp Plan, there is a great deal to like in this document. I
think the CAC sort of drifted from their direction of just do a tweak on the
old one. This is substantially better for what they've done. I, like all the
rest of us, appreciate that very much, what they have done here. I'm going
to keep mine, I hope, fairly limited here. I'll come back to the issue of T47
and parking at the end. I have a couple of observations on some of the
other ones. One of them is—I think we talked about this before. This seems
familiar. One is T62 which is pursue a goal of zero roadway fatalities within
10 years. Did we talk about that before? I can't remember what we said.

Mayor Burt: It came up recently.

Ms. Gitelman:     It was the League of Cities Resolution on last week's
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That's where it was.

Council Member Filseth: Is that what it was?

Council Member Berman: That's what it was.

Ms. Gitelman: Vision zero.

Council Member Filseth: I think we should—I can't remember what we said.
I'm not sure that really belongs in the Comp Plan, at least like that, which is
interesting. I think there's a program underneath it, 621, which actually
looks pretty good. The policy, I don't know. I'm not sure that really is the
kind of thing that should go in the Comp. Plan. I think we had a discussion
about how many fatalities are there and all this kind of stuff. Program T643
is Track Watch. I kind of don't think that should go in the Comp Plan. We're
doing it. There's a lot of discussion going on about how long are we going to
do it and are there going to be other mechanism to do this. We're looking at
technology and so forth. I'm not sure we should put Track Watch in the
Comp Plan.


                                                                       Page 108 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
