                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt: In the various things about the schools, I'm very interested in
capturing something that I know the Council at different levels has discussed
various times. When we've looked at the Safe Routes to School program
that is predominantly funded by the City and Staff by the City in volunteers
rather than the School District. The school crossing guards, the shuttle
program that serves schools. I would very much like to see within a policy
that we are working with the School District to achieve these various
outcomes and to share responsibility for the safety of children as they travel
to and from school. That's what all those things actually address. The Safe
Routes to School, the crossing guards, the shuttle are all about those
services. AS we stand today in the community, unlike almost all other
communities, that is overwhelming the responsible of the City rather than
the School District or perhaps a shared responsibility between the two. I
would very much like to see a policy that speaks to that, then we can work
at achieving it over the course of time.

Mr. Dennis:     Mayor Burt, if I can just speak to that.         In the draft
Transportation Element we're working on right now, there's some every
strong related to Safe Routes to Schools. A decision was made, and maybe
it's a nuance without a difference, that this Element wouldn't have some of
that stuff because it was related back to transportation-like issues. We can
certainly include a policy, but a lot of what you're speaking to you'll see in
the draft Transportation Element.

Mayor Burt: We have another one that's an example of we have middle
school athletic programs that's an example of we have middle school athletic
programs that are programs run by the City. Since the last Comp Plan,
we've had court rulings and State law changes that make it pretty clear that
those are part of school programs that must be provided to all students
without charge and with equal access. I don't know what would be the best
location to allude to those kinds of obligations. I think that, one, assuring
that equal access for all children, opportunities for equal access is part of our
principles is important to me, and that the appropriate responsibility for each
of those things is acknowledged as to which of our governmental bodies has
primary ownership of that. I think this is an appropriate place to lay the
groundwork for fixing and continuing those things correctly. I think I'll leave
it there simply in the interest of time, but not because I don't have any other
recommendations. They aren't necessarily differences in agreement on
policies and programs. I think there's a lot of work to be done on cutting
this down by at least a third. I think it's doable. I think we're familiar with
Mark Twain's wonderful line of if I had had more time I would have written a
shorter letter. I think that's what we need to do, is take more time and
                                                                          Page 44 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
