                         TRANSCRIPT
suggested, a sub-regional study. I do emphasize the need for an economic
impact or benefit study. I encourage you to do that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jon Kiya to be followed by Michael Martin.

Jon Kiya: John Kiya, longtime resident of Palo Alto and a member of the
Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors. The world is moving towards a
higher minimum wage. The Chamber sees that and understands it. It's
important to lift up those minimum wage workers in our City, so we get that.
However, there are a few points the Chamber would like Council to consider
as you work through this decision process. Number one, as has been
mentioned, it's the pace of the increases. We can talk about $1 here, $2
there, but you've heard from some of the speakers that it amounts to
hundreds of thousands of dollars. When you talk about a $2 increase at the
beginning of this year, which is an unprecedented record increase, and then
another $1 at the end of this year, you're talking about a 33 percent
increase in 12 months. The businesses that are impacted the most in our
City are the nonprofit organizations, the restaurants and small businesses.
You're talking about the ones with the least amount of financial cushion.
The Chamber urges the Council to determine the impact of these increases,
especially the $2 increase that happened at the beginning of this year, and
to really find out more about what is the cost of doing business here in our
City. I don't think we really understand it. We look at Sunnyvale, we look
at Mountain View, we look at neighboring cities. The cost of doing business
in Palo Alto is not the same as it is in Sunnyvale. I think it's important to
recognize that. The Chamber advocates for pushing back the timeline to
July. A $2 increase in January is just too soon. You talk about 3 months.
What does that mean? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Berman: Can I ask a follow-up?

Mayor Burt: Yes, Council Member ...

Council Member Berman: I'll wait. Sorry.

Mayor Burt: Michael Martin to be followed by Rob Fischer.

Michael Martin: Good evening, Mayor, City Council Members. Thank you for
the opportunity to address you. Thank you also for the previous City
meetings that we scheduled, allowing your local businesses to address our
concerns. I'm a partner with Fleming's Prime Steakhouse and Wine Bar here
in Palo Alto. We wholeheartedly, wholeheartedly support a living wage. It's
as if Galen actually wrote my notes, because we had the exact—all of us
                                                                      Page 77 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
