                            TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Patel: I was a little kid when it was bought, but I take it my parents or
my uncle and aunt probably knew. I don't know. They weren't sophisticated
enough to research all of that back then. I certainly didn't know.

Council Member DuBois: I was heartened to hear it wasn't a speculative
purchase, counting on kind of changing the setback.

Mr. Patel: No, it wasn't.

Council Member DuBois: The last question. The Palo Alto guidelines say for
El Camino that the entrance should be on El Camino.

Mr. Lait: It encourages a primary front entrance on all of El Camino.

Council Member DuBois: I did drive by the hotel. Next to it is a house
which acts as the office for the Fish Market. There's the Fish Market,
McDonald's. The area in CPI across the street is actually very green.
There's a lot of trees there, grass that kind of hide the parking lot. You have
that kind of school setting for the front of CPI, because if the company
failed, they were going to turn it into a school. The building behind it is
actually pretty nice as well. There is that one building that extends into the
setback, but the rest of them are further back. There's a bunch of fountains
and pools. It's very much kind of a campus setting back there. I agree with
Council Member Holman that there's a relationship between height and
density and the setback. It's a little bit hard to comment on the setback in
the absence of those other things. For myself, given the context there, I
would not want to see a hard corner with the building as the gateway. I
would really like to see some landscaping that maybe mirrors CPI across the
street. A green opening to the Research Park there would actually respect
the context. The Research Park really does have a lot of park-like settings.
These 50-foot setbacks really does have campus feel. I'd prefer to see us
focus on this property and not talk about redesigning the Research Park. I
agree with Council Member Schmid that the aesthetic of the Research Park is
a good one. My gut would be open to some changing on the setback, but I'd
really like to see landscaping at the corner. Ideally, I'd like to see the
entrance on El Camino similar to some of the other new hotels like at
Arastradero and on El Camino. One other note that's kind of a side note. I
don't know if anybody's been on Hansen at rush hour. At some point, it
would actually be good for the City to have this street cut over to Hanover.
It's full of cars, and they route through a parking lot. Essentially the parking
lot is effectively a street in the middle of Research Park. I'm not suggesting
we widen the road. I don't know if that's why the setback was there.
Actually having a road that connected those two would relieve traffic on
Page Mill. Thanks.

                                                                         Page 37 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
