                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We will now open the Public Hearing on this item. I do not
have any speaker cards, so we will now close the Public Hearing and return
to the Council for a Motion. Council Member Holman.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 10:50 P.M.

Council Member Holman: I will move the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Filseth: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to adopt a Resolution confirming the Code Enforcement Abatement
Report and ordering abatement costs to be a special assessment on the
properties specified in the Report.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Holman: Yes, but I also have a question regarding this. A
comment was made earlier about and statement was made earlier about
acting more quickly. It is noteworthy that the Matadero site was issued a
notice to abate on August 2014. I would certainly encourage that it be done
more quickly, because there's a lot of Staff time involved in this as well. The
Roosevelt Circle one, I'm actually familiar with that one. This has been
going on for years, literally years at that site. I'm glad that there's finally an
action being taken there. I understand sometimes these can be rather
delicate situations. I do understand that. It really has been going on for
years. The next door neighbors made me aware of it probably three years
ago. It got a little better, and then it got really bad again. This may be a
date on here of 2015, but again it's not just from the notice of abatement
date on the prior one, but it's also we need to act sooner on Code
Enforcement and compliance from the date of complaints. Literally, it's been
going on for years. If there was anybody here from police, there's one in
College Terrace. I'd have to look at my emails from back. It's another
situation that's been going on for years. It's really a horror for neighbors.
Understanding some of the situations can be sensitive, it's really very bad
for neighbors. Yes, ma'am?

Ms. Stump: I didn't mean to step on your comments. I just ...

Council Member Holman: Go ahead.

Ms. Stump: Your comments are well taken. You're quite right. The
situations are complex, and they have a potentially very negative impact on
neighbors in the community. They also may involve elements of tragedy or
difficulty with the subject property owner as well. You're quite right that we
                                                                          Page 97 of 100
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/26/16
