                          TRANSCRIPT
is a partnership. We have VASH funding which is veterans funding. There is
that great need as well.

Council Member Holman: To bring up the Maybell project. There was, I
think, some not great communication. You mentioned in one of the early
slides about how many different pieces of funding have to be put together in
order to fund an affordable housing project. You've heard me refer to it
before as sleight of hand. I don't know how anybody ever does it, because
it's so complicated and the timing as well being very complex and sensitive.
One of the things about that project that wasn't, I think, well understood
was the aspect of the market rate housing that helped pay for the
development. Is that something that you think is going to be—I'm going to
make this a two-part question if you don't mind. Is that something you
think is going to have to be part of the model for Palo Alto or most likely
have to be part of the model for Palo Alto in order to get the per unit cost
down? Also, what do you think the comparisons are building affordable
housing units in Palo Alto compared to other communities given the land
cost? The last numbers and numbers that people are still using were
$500,000 a unit. I think that's an old number. That was an inflated project,
but I still think it's an old number. There's kind of a lot in there, but if you
could ...

Ms. Gonzalez: Let me try to tackle it. The first question, whether or not we
always need a market rate component. We don't, not always. The Maybell
situation was different. It was the new site. It was 2 1/2 acres. It was
really expensive to buy. Funding at that time was quite limited both with
the City, with the County and the State funding available. We had to
become more creative. It's not always that type of model. It was just
specific for that situation.

Council Member Holman: I didn't mean always. Is it sometimes going to be
a piece?

Ms. Gonzalez: I think it might still be considered in the future if there's a
need to bridge a funding gap or if we want to explore different types, where
there's housing for all different income levels. I think we would be open to
discussing that and exploring that. What was the next part?

Council Member Holman: Unit price.

Ms. Gonzalez: For land cost, this is not a secret. Half an acre in Mountain
View on El Camino is probably in the $5 1/2- $6 million range for half an
acre. It's the same in the Redwood City/Menlo Park area. Land cost in the
last couple of years has skyrocketed. They're comparable to Palo Alto land
cost right now.
                                                                         Page 10 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
