                         TRANSCRIPT
could be some physical measures to reduce those hazards. It's not as if we
have something without those curb cuts; we do. I also wanted to just—
same situation as when we're talking about track crossings. If we're really
going to have a bike system in our community, having basically one bike
route between—not having an east-west route between East Meadow and
Oregon basically or even nowhere we'd say the next one is, that's a long
distance to not have an east-west route. Those who say we ought to just
have East Meadow, the biking community including the school biking
community really know that you need to have routes. If you're a bicyclist
and you have to go out of your way by a half mile to get onto a bike path or
boulevard, a good safe bike route, and then when you take that given
distance and you have to go back a half mile to get back to essentially the
east-west route that you were intending to go on, that's not an efficient bike
system. We're not really going to see a lot of expansion in bike use if we do
that. I think both need to be considered whether we do improvements to
Loma Verde without the full separation or the separation or the hybrid.
There is a need, in my mind, for the Midtown Bike Corridor, and East
Meadow is not the Midtown Bike Corridor. That's an additional corridor that
we have. One of the good things about East Meadow is that between Alma
and Waverley, there basically aren't any curb cuts. The homes there are all
facing the circles; there aren't curb cuts. On the north side between
Waverley on Middlefield, there are curb cuts. On the south side, it is the
schools and the parks and those areas. There are no house curb cuts; there
are a few other curb cuts. That works a lot better, but that's a different
issue. I think I'm really going to—I would need to see changes in order to
support this Motion. Also, I'm sorry I neglected to bring up the Staff
proposal is—from the discussion, it sounded as if the Staff proposal was to
continue with the Matadero Bike Corridor between 101 and Alma, but it's
not. It's only to have it between 101 and Ross. I think that's a reasonable
alternative. I don't see any real significant problems with that segment. I
would be open to focusing on Loma Verde if we had a sense that we could
actually get this separated bike path on Loma Verde. If we can't, then I
would want to have the hybrid system of the Matadero Path to Ross and
then Loma Verde from there to Alma. This motion has several problems in
my mind. First, it only talks about minor improvements to Loma Verde.
Second, it confuses the need in the Midtown area with the East Meadow
improvements. I think both are needed. It basically eliminates what's a
plan and long-adopted intention to have a grade separation that is for
pedestrians in between East Meadow and Cal. Ave. There was a member of
the public that was concerned about our intended rail program. The design
that we've evaluated only begins to be a trench south of this creek. South,
yes. There isn't that conflict, if we go with that design, and that design is
not settled on. I could not support this motion on several grounds.

                                                                       Page 56 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
