                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: They'd be limited to the 5,000. To Council Member
DuBois' point, what is the timing of this? If this passes, it doesn't go into
effect until we have a second reading, right?

Ms. Gitelman: We need to draft an Ordinance and bring it to you for a first
reading.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't you lay out the timeline for me in days, in
months. What is it going to be?

Ms. Gitelman: We're going to have to consult with the City Attorney about
whether it needs to go to the PTC. The original Ordinance was an Urgency
Ordinance that didn't go to the Planning Commission. We're just going to
have to consult and get back to you on that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It doesn't work for me.

Mayor Burt: Let's see whether—let's take a pause. Does the City Attorney's
Office have an input on what the process route would be?

Ms. Silver: We don't know. My sense is that this amendment is very
discrete. The drafting of the amendment will not take time. There's an
upcoming Planning Commission meeting.

Mayor Burt: Would it even need to go to the Planning Commission?

Ms. Silver: It's an amendment to a Zoning Ordinance, so it typically does.

Vice Mayor Scharff: How long does that typically take? Are we going to be
able to schedule it on the next meeting? The question is if this comes back
to us in January, I'm voting no.

Mayor Burt: Let's just hear what the ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: If it's coming before, I'd probably vote yes.

Ms. Gitelman: If we could get this on the PTC agenda in early September,
then it takes 4-5 weeks for an Agenda Packet to get to Council. You're three
or four weeks to a Planning Commission meeting, then add four or five
weeks to get to a Council hearing. That's your first reading. You need a
second reading after two weeks. It's not going to happen instantaneously. I
also wanted to point out the way this is written, it would apply to any
existing retail use in the SOFA II RT-35 district. I don't know how many of
those there are, because we haven't done that analysis yet. There may be
others, other than the two we've been discussing this evening.

                                                                         Page 101 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/22/16
