                          TRANSCRIPT
and then we're adding 1,450 to that. We'll have 2,000 more that can come
and live on the campus. I think candidly it's about how much can you really
challenge yourself to accomplish and fund. This is going to be a three year
construction process. I think doing something significantly larger than this—
I think we just felt this was sized for something that could be accomplished
in a relatively, reasonably, immediate period of time and make these units
available to the students that need them.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't remember where I saw it, but I saw questions
like Stanford owns housing outside of the campus that they have long-term
leases for and all of that. Will there be any vacation of that housing or is
Stanford going to keep that housing that they have under long-term—maybe
they don't have such housing. I read in the paper they did. I was curious as
to how that all looks.

Ms. McCown: Shirley may be the best person to answer that. To meet
some of this need for undergraduates and graduates, we have been renting
some units like at Oak Creek Apartments in the short term. That's not
owned by us; it's just rented for short-term needs that we have.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's my question. Is this going to up housing
opportunities for people who aren't Stanford because you're bringing the
people to campus basically? I assume it does some of that. I was curious
as to the answer to that question. Maybe Shirley can answer it. I have
another question while you're up there, since this is probably directed to
you. Last time we went through the Regional housing Needs Assessment
(RHNA) cycle, we wanted some credit for the housing built in our sphere of
influence. We ended up coming to a deal with Stanford on that, if I recall. I
guess I'd like to start the negotiations now. I'd like some credit for that.
What do you think about that?

Ms. McCown: Your recall is right. I believe the three parties, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara County and Stanford together, wound up doing some shifting of
the RHNA allocation to the County because we knew that Stanford was going
to be building units that would meet that requirement. These are obviously
well over and above, when they eventually come online, any RHNA
obligation that the County has, I believe.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I mean, dramatically.

Ms. McCown: I think they all qualify. Catherine can maybe correct me if I'm
wrong. A true student bed doesn't qualify, if it doesn't have a kitchen. I
think these would qualify under a RHNA analysis. I think we also believe
that the rent levels of these units will be in that lower affordability category
for RHNA. I think it's a worthy point to be discussing.
                                                                          Page 8 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
