                          TRANSCRIPT
shot possible at getting it in effect by the time of the 2017 construction
season.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Walk me through why that would be true. We were
going to go to the October meeting. I don't understand why we couldn't go
to the November Policy and Services meeting. Even if we had to go to the
December Policy and Services meeting, why couldn't we get to Council in
February or January? If you have it all teed up, why couldn't you come in
January? If we pass an Ordinance or something, why couldn't—that only
takes 30 days to be effective. If Council gives direction, why would that not
be in place by—when do we start with the ...

Mr. Bobel: April 1.

Vice Mayor Scharff: April 1.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: If I might, members of the Council.
This is a very active discussion even amongst Staff. While appreciating
Phil's perspective and really carrying the banner for Public Works and its role
ensuring that we're addressing the groundwater issue, there are multiple
departments that need to be involved in the evolution of the analysis that's
happened here. I'm not suggesting that's going to slow it down. I am
suggesting that the game plan that Phil has just described is one, I think,
that we need to flesh out a little further among the departments that are
involved. The next steps, the timing and again to committee versus Council,
I think, quite frankly hasn't been fleshed out and needs further discussion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much for that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a technical question. One of the speakers or
one of the letters we got stated that the groundwater from the nine sites this
summer was equivalent to 75 percent of the total winter groundwater of all
16,000 residents. Is that an accurate statement?

Mr. Bobel: I'm sorry. Say it again.

Council Member Schmid: The groundwater from nine dewaterings this
summer was equivalent to all the rainwater of 16,000—75 percent of all the
rainwater from last winter.

Mr. Bobel: We've not done that analysis. I'm not sure if that's correct or
not.


                                                                        Page 52 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
