                        TRANSCRIPT
retired, but lives probably another 25 years of service. There's actually a
potential that it might even serve Palo Altans down there if you have some
bad Mescal. Thank you very much for considering it. It's a delight to be
able to be part of the project. I hope you see us again someday when we
have another surplus vehicle that we can share with that community.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.   Do we have a Motion to approve the Consent
Calendar?

Council Member Wolbach: So moved.

Council Member Kniss: So moved.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-8.

4.   Approval of a Contract With the United States Geological Survey for
     Five Years in the Amount of $60,023 per Year for a Total of $310,315
     for San Francisco Bay Monitoring Near the Regional Water Quality
     Control Plant's Discharge.

5.   Approval of the Donation of a Surplus Ambulance to Oaxaca, Mexico.

6.   Approval of an Allocation of $1 Million to the Palo Alto Unified School
     District in the Event the City of Palo Alto Wins the $5 Million
     Georgetown University Energy Prize.

7.   Resolution 9584 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto (a) Endorsing the Community Plan to end Homelessness in Santa
     Clara County 2015- 2020;” and Resolution 9585 Entitled, “Resolution
     of the Council of the City of Palo Alto (b) Supporting City Programs to
     Encourage and Fund Affordable Housing as Urged by the Santa Clara
     County Housing Task Force.”

8.   Authorize the City Manager to Execute an Agreement Between the City
     of Palo Alto and Team Sheeper LLC, for the Learn to Swim Program for
     Summer 2016 at an Amount Not-to-Exceed $236,500, and Approve a
     Budget Amendment in the General Fund.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Wolbach, seconded by Council
Member Kniss. Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously on a 9-
0 vote.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0


                                                                      Page 13 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
