                          TRANSCRIPT
is in the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT). I'm sorry, I got the numbers
wrong earlier today when I was talking about them. This number is right. A
23 percent increase in the TOT over Fiscal Year '16, a $4.3 million increase.
The property tax has a 7.9 percent increase. The sales tax revenues at a
3.8 percent increase, and operating transfers in from other funds a 7.8
percent increase. I think it's worth pointing out—as you can see from this
chart which you've seen many times, property taxes still remain the largest
funding source in our General Fund. Really, unlike so many other local
governments in California, we really have pretty diversified revenue sources.
Unlike a lot of places, we're not depending on just one or two or even three
revenue sources. The General Fund expenditure budget itself is $198
million. Most of that, of course, 60 percent almost, is in the form of salaries
and benefits. The next largest number is 12 percent in the transfer to
infrastructure and in a variety of other items. Again, we look at these kind
of cost drivers that we have in our budget in general. These large utility and
commodity costs, the costs for the employees, obviously, we have—they're
providing the services that help the City run—and then these investments in
capital and in infrastructure as key issues. Some of the recommendations
included on the—I'll come back to that later—capital side. The next item
really points to again a concern of the Council and ours. That is the size of
the workforce that we have. This budget, even though I'm sure the Council
would like to see no new positions added, does recommend an addition of
ten positions over last year. That's over all of the various funds. That's just
under one percent increase in our staffing. In my view, that's a very
conservative recommendation, given the number of requests that I received
during the budget process. There are really a net increase in the General
Fund, the tax-supported portion, of 3.23 positions. The other positions are
two and a half positions in the Enterprise Funds, and 4.25 positions in other
funds which include the Internal Service Funds and the Capital Fund. The
position changes are two and a half positions in Planning. One Building
Technician to cover the front counter at the Development Center. One
Program Assistant II to support transportation systems and programs.
About a third of that position is funded out of the General Fund, and the rest
in other funds. The addition of a half-time Coordinator, transportation
system management, to assist with the bicycle capital improvements
programs. We combined that with the current half-time Coordinator position
to make that a full-time position, so two and a half positions there. There
are four positions proposed in Public Works. Three of them are related to
the Water Quality Control Plant, funded with the Enterprise Fund there. One
is a Senior Engineer for the $200 million renovation at the Regional Water
Quality Control Plant, which our partners will pay their fair share. A Senior
Engineer for the recycled water program to meet City and State goals for the
use of potable water. A Management Analyst in the Environmental Services
Division for analytical support related to refuse and wastewater treatment.
                                                                         Page 34 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
