                         TRANSCRIPT
What I'm looking for is probably a Number Two, "direct Staff to come up
with further mitigations along with mitigation enforcement plan."

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to Motion Part B, “along with mitigation enforcement
measures” after “further mitigations.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't think that goes in an EIR. If I'm wrong, let me
know.

Council Member Holman: This isn't a new scenario that we're doing here.
We're asking Staff to come back with this. If we can't have Staff come back
with something that includes how they would enforce the mitigations—this
isn't the DEIR version that we're looking at here.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's a supplement to the DEIR.

Council Member Holman: I read this as Staff will develop a fifth scenario for
analysis. What I'm looking at is the Staff to come back with their thoughts
on how this might play out. When they come back with something to us
before May, then we would develop the fifth scenario. I didn't think we were
telling them right now this is what we want.

Mayor Burt: Do you mean a mitigation enforcement plan or measures?

Council Member Holman: Measures. Is your intention that this is the
direction for the fifth scenario or for Staff to come back and give us their
thoughts on this?

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's a direction for the fifth scenario. Obviously
everything Staff come up with, I would expect them to be able to enforce.

Council Member Holman: Do we?

Mr. Keene: I guess I was—if I might jump in. I was thinking that the
Motion isn't assuming we would come back with the fifth scenario, but that
we could come up with alternatives...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Options.

Mr. Keene: ...and options that begin to put more definition to the choice,
and then you give us that direction. I get a little bit too concerned about
having to make it super concrete at this stage. I just would not put a whole
lot of doo dads on there.


                                                                       Page 59 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
