                          TRANSCRIPT
Page Mill and El Camino. We have more traffic from the hotel; that will
mean more people who are commuting on El Camino.                 This is just
(inaudible) will be dipping into our roads to cut through and avoid that.
They are really not sensitive to our neighborhood safety and our values as
they race through and run stop signs. I really appreciate everybody saying
why are only the ground floor and the two parking levels included. We
clicked through to the Godzilla street view. It just looked like a big
monolith. We found that very unappealing and unattractive. Also the
collective impact of all the developments in the pipeline near El Camino and
Page Mill, they're all going to make this intersection even worse. Parmani is
not a standalone; it has to be reviewed with regard to all the other things in
the pipeline. Of course, we're concerned about residential quality of life and
parking and driving intrusion impacts. Across the street from the Parmani,
we understand there might be a residence in the pipeline as well. Won't that
be not in compliance with the height limit for within 150 feet of residential
space. Our ask is that you just do your due diligence. If it were me, I would
just say no. I know it's important to compromise, and I do respect the value
of compromise. Thank you so much for hearing me. Yeah, thanks so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jeff Lewinsky to be followed by Doria Summa.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. In a nod to
the previous Study Session, I want to thank the City for all the data that it
puts up on its website and such. If you go to the City website for this
parcel, it tells you that it's 2,000 square feet smaller than the Staff Report.
It would be nice if the Staff Report agreed with the City's own open data
about this project. Openness would be really good in this process. As a
number of you have mentioned, it's really hard to look at this project just as
a layout on a map and not see the four-story building that's going to be
above it. When you do go look at the plans, it is pretty awesomely large. I
agree with the points about you have to look at this from the Hansen
perspective and from the Research Park perspective. Something that hasn't
been brought up, I believe, is that the same 50-foot setback is not only on
Hansen, but it's also I believe on Page Mill and on California Avenue all the
way out to El Camino. If you change this rule, then you really should be
looking at changing it all over the place, not just for this one case, one
project. That goes to a deeper problem here which is that a single project
maybe with a compelling situation is becoming then the catalyst for
changing everything which then undermines a lot. To that, let me speak to
the Research Park. As a person who's worked in the Research Park and for
heaven's sakes actually commuted every day on Hansen right through this
whole project. Part of the important word there is "park." It was wonderful
to sit in the Research Park and look out a window and see a park-like
environment. Whether that converts from water-intensive grass to a more
                                                                        Page 49 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
