                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Are you familiar with the specific CEQA exemption? If not, I
can look it up and answer the Council Member's question on it. Give me a
few minutes as the item goes on.

Council Member Holman: The other question was about application of water
for certain uses. Certain uses is very general. I know it's used sometimes,
but it seems to me that's pretty vague in its reference. That's "F" in the
ordinance.

Mr. Shikada: I would certainly defer to the City Attorney, but I do read this,
because it's in the recital section, as providing a general overview of the
requirements which are then specified and itemized, such as the item just
referenced on restricting the use of potable water for street sweepers and
washers. That's one of the certain uses.

Council Member Holman: I'll stop there for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, thank you for the work on the report.
There's a lot of individual issues, and it's a pretty complex report. I'm really
interested in a higher level, like how do we think of worst case scenarios. It
seems like a lot of things are actually likely to happen at the same time. Do
we go through an exercise; we say what happens 10 years from now with
sea level rise and we're in year five of a drought and an earthquake hits,
what is our water situation? It seems like a lot of the issues were looked at
independently but not in combination.

Ms. Dailey: In this particular report, they're looked at more independently.
The climate change section is actually a new requirement in this 2000—it's
not even a requirement; it's still an optional section. It's relatively new for
the Urban Water Management Plan. The reliability numbers are generated
by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission for all of their wholesale
customers. Since that's our only water supply, those are the numbers we
rely on for that. It is not that level of a look at worst case scenario now.

Council Member DuBois: Again, it's kind of complex. It appears that if we
get in year three or four of a drought and we're under restrictions, our
demand and our supply could get quite close to each other. Is that correct?
Is there a chance that we won't be able to get enough water?

Ms. Dailey: Our demand is way below our contractual number that we're ...

Council Member DuBois:      That number gets restricted under (crosstalk) of
drought (crosstalk).
                                                                         Page 41 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
