                         TRANSCRIPT
      and Finding That Such Approval is not a Project Subject to California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Review.”

13.   Resolution 9617 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Establishing Fiscal Year 2016-17 Secured and Unsecured Property
      Tax Levy for the City of Palo Alto’s General Obligation Bond
      Indebtedness (Measure N).”

14.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the
      Auditor's Office Quarterly Report as of March 31, 2016.

15.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Approve a Soft
      Transition of the Annual Performance Report to the City Manager's
      Office and the Office of Management and Budget.

Mayor Burt: We have a Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Member
Kniss for the Consent Calendar absent Item Number 11. Please vote on the
board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

16.   PUBLIC HEARING:       411-437 Lytton Avenue [14PLN-00489].           To
      Consider an Appeal of the Director of Planning and Community
      Environment’s Architectural Review Approval of the Construction of a
      New Three-Story Mixed-Use, Office and Residential Building (Two
      Units) and a 1,417 SF Addition to an Existing Historic Category 2
      Residence on Two Lots to be Merged. A Two-Level Underground
      Parking Garage is Proposed to be Constructed Under the New Mixed-
      Use Building Adjacent to the Existing Residential Building; Approval of
      a Mitigated Negative Declaration and Mitigation and Monitoring Plan.

Mayor Burt: We now move on to Item Number 16, which is a Public Hearing
on 411-437 Lytton Avenue. It's a hearing to consider an appeal of the
Director of Planning and Community Environment's architectural review
approval of the construction of a new three-story, mixed-use, office and
residential building. While Staff is getting set up, would Council Members
like to share any disclosures of ex parte communications on this item? If
anyone had any. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I met with the applicant about other stuff, but this
item came up briefly. I didn't learn anything that's not in the public record.

Mayor Burt: Anyone else? Council Member DuBois.

                                                                        Page 20 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
