                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: You're saying toward Page Mill or Hanover. Do
you mean connecting to Page Mill or connecting to Hanover? I'm not quite
clear.

Mayor Burt:      It would be pedestrian.      They can't out of this obtain
necessarily full access to Page Mill, except they can obtain access out of the
rear of the property that would connect to one of the properties on Page Mill.
We'd have to have a separate agreement to allow that access subsequently.
What we want to do is establish out of this property a pathway if possible.
Same thing in the direction toward Hanover. They're adjacent properties;
that's why I said toward rather than assure that there would be the
connection, which I don't think we could necessarily achieve. I'd love it if
Stanford came forward and said they could work through that. They have
tenants in some of those. This may be setting it up for a future opportunity.

Council Member Holman: I think one of the properties on Page Mill is
actually Stanford-occupied. Do you want it to be pedestrian or pedestrian
and bicycle?

Mayor Burt: I'm meaning pedestrian and bicycle. We can clarify that.

Council Member Holman: That should be in there.

Mayor Burt: I want to leave this open enough as just a direction to attempt
to achieve this outcome.

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to adopt a Record of Land Use Action (ROLUA) regarding the
Amendment to the Final Map for Tract Number 10281:

A.     Including the following additions in the ROLUA:

      i.    Incorporated Comprehensive Plan consistency findings; and

     ii.    Standard indemnification clause; and

     iii.   A reference to the Amending Map of Tract No. 10281; and

     iv.    Six Mitigation Measures identified in Environmental Disclosure:
            University Terrace Project, Palo Alto, California, March 2016,
            Section 4.1; and

     v.     An additional vapor intrusion measure be added including sub-
            slab ventilation or depressurization for all 40 single family homes
            not yet under construction; and

                                                                         Page 72 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
