                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Absolutely. It's a good asset to our residents in
south Palo Alto to not have to come all the way to the Children's Library. A
number that jumped out to me in the handout you gave us, other media
dropped from 541 to 15. Did we just kind of reclassify certain things?
There's no way there's ...

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Other media includes things like the watt tester
for electricity or backpacks that are for story time or different things like
that. Those things transition in and out pretty quickly. They might last for a
certain amount of time, but they're not going to be as durable as other
materials. We may add them all back again when we ...

Council Member Berman: Got it. We just might be out of some stuff based
on (crosstalk).

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Correct. They may be something like a number
of those kits to test your wattage, that really never circulated. There were a
couple of other senior kits that were a project from 10 years ago. We had
kept them; we weren't using them in the same way anymore.

Council Member Berman: One more question that I don't know who should
answer. There was something about youth librarians. What is that? I
remember being a library advisor or helper at Jordan Middle School when I
was growing up. I loved it. What is that? Can you tell us a little more
about that program?

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Yeah. Librarians work—those that are specially
trained to work with youth, whether teens or children, that's the number
that we currently have on Staff.

Council Member Berman: Got it. I didn't quite understand. I thought
maybe they were youth that were like librarian apprentices or something.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: No, no. These are actual degreed librarians who
work at Children's Library, children's section or in the teen zones. We have
other adult reference librarians, things like that.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I also will pile on the kudos too. I think
you guys are doing a great job. I strongly feel that our libraries are in really
good hands with Monique and the Library Commission. I really appreciate
the data you've provided. In looking at the data, I guess a couple of things

                                                                         Page 15 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
