                    ACTION MINUTES
At this time Council heard Council Member Questions, Comments and
Announcements.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Vice Mayor Scharff announced the California State Assembly formed a
committee titled Regional Planning in the San Francisco Bay Area that will
address the planned merger of Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG)
and the Metropolitan Transit Commission (MTC), the lack of affordable
housing, the environment, transportation, and other regional issues. He
suggested this Committee may have some influence over local control
regarding these issues.

Council Member Holman announced four Council Members attended an event
led by Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newson regarding a potential initiative
relating to gun and ammunition safety.

Council Member DuBois announced he will be working on a Colleagues
Memorandum relating to parking permitting in the Evergreen Park
neighborhood.

Mayor Burt attended the 85th anniversary of the Palo Alto Players. He
learned that the Lucie Stern Community Theater was built for the Palo Alto
Players and the group was the first community theater group on the
Peninsula.

At this time Council returned to Agenda Item 12.

12.   Adoption of an Ordinance to add Section 10.50.085 (Eligibility Areas)
      and to Amend Section 10.50.090 (Modification or Termination of
      Districts) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code Relating to Residential
      Parking Programs; Adoption of a Resolution Amending Resolution 9473
      to Implement Phase 2 of the Downtown Residential Preferential
      Parking (RPP) District Pilot Program; Approval of Contract Amendment
      to SP Plus for $94,000 for Additional Services for Parking Permits and
      On-Site Customer Service, Approval of Contract Amendment to SERCO
      for $60,000 for Enforcement of Expanded Area of Downtown RPP
      District, Approval of Contract Amendment to McGuire Pacific
      Constructors for $154,500 for Construction Services for Expanded Area
      of Downtown RPP District, Approval of Budget Amendments in the
      General Fund, Residential Parking Permit Fund, and Capital
      Improvement Fund, Approval of the RPP Administrative Guidelines.
                                                                        Page 6 of 10
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 2/1/16
