                         TRANSCRIPT
consumer tax." I think there are a lot of business people around town who
say, "We need to do something about traffic." The survey showed that both
the medium-sized and the small businesses, between 78 and 82 percent of
the people said we would be better off, both in retaining employers and
customers, by addressing our traffic and parking issues. I think they would
be happy, maybe not all of them but a substantial portion of those business
employers would be delighted to have a balanced tax, a consumer tax, sales
tax with the VTA and a business employee tax balancing their needs. The
issue has been made we need a clear, articulated plan with specific goals
before we start talking about taxes. We have a prime example; we've had it
for five years. The Stanford Medical Center, SUMC. In order to get
approval, they said, "We have to deal with traffic." They did a TMA. They
set a goal, a specific target, 35 percent non-Single Occupancy Vehicle (SOV)
transport. They said, "In order to achieve that, we need a number of
transportation alternatives." They listed them, three pages of them. They
said, "These things don't come cheap. We can't get it for $45,000 or even
add the City's $100,000." They have pledged $2.5 million to attain their
goals for between 5,000 and 10,000 workers. $2.5 million per year, that's a
lot of money. Yet, if they don't achieve it, they've agreed to a substantial
fine each year they don't meet their goals. There is a clear, articulated plan
with specific goals. I think we're talking about the same thing. If we get
revenue from a business employee tax, we can fund those organizations, a
Downtown TMA, Research Park TMA, California Avenue TMA, RPP. We can
meet the County funding for grade separation. There's specific things we
can do with that money that would make a difference.              The biggest
difference it would make is for employers, for the 78-82 percent who say, "I
can do better for my employees and my customers by having a
transportation system that works more effectively." Why don't we do that in
November 2016?

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think the question tonight is can we define the
parameters of a tax for Citywide improvements and have Staff flesh it out in
time to meet the ballot deadline. I think the need is clear. Three years from
now, it's going to be much worse, so there is pressure to act boldly. I think
Mayor Burt showed real leadership in pushing this issue. I think it's clear
that commercial growth has been a strain on the community and that doing
something about it is going to be expensive and complicated. On one hand,
the sooner we start the better. I think the idea behind the head tax was
really creating a nexus between the source of the impacts and payment to
help improve the situation. If we're going to move forward, we need to
address a lot of issues tonight in terms of definition. The Staff Report
brought up kind of a timeframe. I think a long timeframe like 2028 makes
                                                                        Page 77 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
