                          TRANSCRIPT
and you'll see where the different Board Members have different opinions.
You won't just see one little blank paragraph that says the ARB discussed
this and then approved the project. You'll see that they're longer; they're
actually several pages longer. The discussion issues are listed.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I want to return to Council Member Holman, who
had now comments.

Council Member Holman: Actually I have a Motion that I had provided to
City Clerk previously. If you'd care to put that on the board. What I did in
this Motion was I took the recommendations by Staff and I—they've changed
a little bit. I put the changes or my edits in bold; it looks like they're now in
red. Maybe the easiest way—if you'll bear with me here, perhaps the easiest
way to go through this is starting with the findings and just going through
this. "Neither the Director nor the City Council on appeal shall grant
Architectural Review unless otherwise it is found that"—I added "at a
minimum each of the following findings is met." The first finding I did not
change. I hope the City Clerk, if not Council Members, will help me with
going through this to make sure that what I'm reading here is consistent
with what's on the screen. The second one, I'm going to refer back to a
comment that Alex Lew made. The second one, "the project has a unified
and coherent design, is an aesthetically holistic design of massing and
materials"—the parenthetical here is just to explain why—"intended to avoid
superficial and applied appearance of design, creates an internal sense of
order and desirable environment for occupants, visitors and the general
community." I want to come back to that part of it and see if maybe—look
to Staff and see if the added part there should belong in Number 3
consistent with Board Member Lew's comments. I look to come back to
Staff with that.      Ending that first section of Number 2 with an "and
preserves, respects and integrates"—I've added "existing natural features
and the historic character including historic resources of the area." "When
relevant" seemed clearer than "when appropriate."                 "And provides
harmonious transition in"—I added "size and mass." This is to try to
reinforce that the ARB can reduce the size of a building. It's trying to give
them a little bit more of that authority, because it's also one of the
complaints that we see. "Size and mass," and then going on with the Staff
recommendation "scale and character to adjacent land uses." Then with
Jonathan this afternoon, deleted "and land use designations," but then
added "is compatible within the context of existing development in that it
establishes design linkages with surrounding existing buildings so that the
visual unity of the street is maintained at a minimum by"—I added "at a
minimum" this evening. I added those four points there. Those four points
are pickups from—I think they're pretty much verbatim from Context Based
Design Criteria and the SOFA 2 design standards. Not every neighborhood is
                                                                          Page 21 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
