                          TRANSCRIPT
where I was going to live. Now that I'm older and live in Palo Alto where I
did not start, I'm amazed at how many adults I know in Palo Alto that
started elsewhere. Not many people started off in Palo Alto; they started in
Sunnyvale to Los Altos to Mountain View, East Palo Alto, and finally got to
where we want to live. In the case of four adult children in my family, only
one lives in Palo Alto and, frankly, only one will ever live in Palo Alto. It's an
income-driven thing and it's also a lifestyle. Three of the children, adults
between 25 and 45, made personal decisions that they will never be able to
live in the near vicinity, much less Palo Alto. That's a brutal reality. I
appreciate people coming here thinking I want to live in Palo Alto whatever
income level or whatever family circumstances dictate. My four children in
my family did not choose the right parents, and they're not going to get
enough money ever to live here. They have made rational decisions to live
in the Foothills, to live in South San Francisco, to live in another state.
Those are lessons I ask you all to think about. Palo Alto and the City Council
cannot accommodate everybody that does want to live here, even our adult
children who we love the most. Bye.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Peter Stone.

Peter Stone: Mayor Burt, Council, Peter Stone speaking on behalf of the
Chamber of Commerce. I can make this a little briefer by just incorporating
by reference everything that John Kelley and Steve Levy said. I think they
are both spot on. I'm concerned that the focus on the ratio may be a little
bit misplaced, perhaps a poor proxy for what the real concerns are. The one
that keeps getting the most articulation is housing. I think it's almost a
consensus, which is amazing, that we need more housing for the people that
live here now and being forced out; the people that work here and want to
live here and can't. Unfortunately the reality that Neilson just articulates is
something we all understand is a reality. We try to mitigate it; we should
try to mitigate it. The other big prong of concern really isn't about how
many jobs there are in the Palo Alto area. It's about the congestion and the
pollution which is, of course, driven a lot by commuters. If that's your
perspective, it leads you to a focus on trip reduction and bringing
transportation into the second half of the 21st century as we conclude the
upcoming Comp Plan period. I would just urge us to focus our attentions in
those two directions and not fixate on the ratio per sue. I'm afraid we'll get
into some counterproductive measures, Citywide zoning measures, for
example to address reducing job growth which may be kind of a cure worse
than a disease when it comes to really addressing housing and congestion.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now return to the Council. We should be
recognizing that there are two different items that the Staff has asked us to
                                                                           Page 43 of 88
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/22/16
