                          TRANSCRIPT
from Stanford, I'm going to recuse myself from this item.        I'll wait to be
called back. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sorry. Please continue.

Council Member DuBois left the meeting at 8:05 P.M.

Mr. Lait: Thank you. This item was just placed on the Agenda to see if the
Council was interested in City Staff preparing a supplemental comment letter
that would go to the County for their consideration. As previously stated,
the City of Palo Alto does not have any review authority for the project, but
the County would consider any letters that are transmitted. Their hearing is
on March 24th. If there's comments, I'll make some notes, and we'll
transcribe those into a letter. If there's no comments that you want to
forward on to the County, then no further action would take place.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Lait, can you review for the Council the sphere of influence
role of the City within Stanford-County lands?

Mr. Lait: To the extent that Stanford has property within the City of Palo
Alto and now also beyond in Santa Clara County, we do consider it as part of
our Comprehensive Plan, that sphere of influence.                When there is
development activity that does take place, that is something that we do
want to be mindful about and think about in our long-range planning efforts.
This is a project that originally was approved back in 2000. It contemplated
some additional housing units beyond the amount going forward, which is
why there is a review process to go to the County Planning Commission. I
think it's appropriate certainly for a city like Palo Alto to offer comments for
the County's consideration. That's the effort that we're going through today.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff, you have questions?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do. My question was would it be appropriate to put
our comments regarding the Regional Housing Needs Assessment (RHNA)
issues in this letter and that we'd like to see it at least along the lines that
we did last time, where we got credit for it? Is that a good time to put this
in or do you not think it's a good time to put it in?

Mr. Lait: As I understand, the previous transfer, there was a conversation, I
think it was in 2013, where Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG)
had approved, I think it was 200 units going from Palo Alto to the County.
Those were moderate income units as best as I come up to speed on the
topic. What's different this time is that we've completed that review cycle.
We are not currently in a—our current RHNA schedule goes out to—I don't
know. What is it? 2021, 22? Twenty-three.
                                                                         Page 39 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
