                          TRANSCRIPT
one of the major regional theatres in the country. It has led us to continue
our work—we began as an education program—in education in Palo Alto
with, as you mentioned, 25,000 kids a year. We are also in partnership with
Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) on school tours that go out every
single year on subjects that they think children need to address in their lives
but done in a theatrical way that they will never forget. It also has led to us
developing a national reputation for the creation of new works. We just
finished our 15th New Works Festival, but we've done 66 world premiers at
TheatreWorks since we began. Our shows are now seen all over the country
and, of course, in New York as well. The most successful one being
Memphis, which we premiered, and it went on to win the Tony Award for
Best Musical in 2010. To say that this has been a successful partnership
with the City of Palo Alto is what I really want to say. I say it all the time. I
can't thank you tonight but also the City as a whole for letting us grow and
supporting us every step of the way. Thank you so much for this. Thanks.
Appreciate it.

Mayor Burt: Now, on to our second act.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions or Deletions.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Keene: I had a couple of items to report on at the right point.

Mayor Burt: On the Agenda you say?

Mr. Keene: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. If I might, rather than under City
Manager Comments, would point out that under Item Number 8 on the
Consent Calendar, approval of a contract amendment with Van Scoyoc and
Associates for federal legislative representation, extending their contract for
two years at a cost of $202,000, there is an At-places Memo that we
submitted to the Council, a request that you actually adopt this particular
item as part of the Consent Calendar under Number 8. We have changed
the contract amendment from two years to one year at half the cost for
$101,000. I'd gotten some questions from Council related to the federal
legislative program and integration with some of our other areas of concern.

                                                                           Page 4 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
