                         TRANSCRIPT
this report makes recommendations concerning four requests for Residential
Preferential Parking Programs or RPPs. Those are from Crescent Park,
Edgewood Plaza and Southgate as well as Evergreen Park. Beginning with
our own request, as you know, Evergreen Park is now overwhelmed by
private car commuting parking. It's also bounded to the east by the Caltrain
rail line, to the west by College Terrace and Stanford, both of which have
restricted parking, and to the south by California Avenue, where parking is
also restricted, and to the north is Southgate. It's similarly bounded to the
east and west, and then hard-stopped by the Palo Alto High School campus,
which has now reduced its own limited, restricted parking. Now Southgate is
al inundated with commuter parking. Both of our little communities remain
fully open and cost free to any commuter parker who can find a space. Last
month, Evergreen requested annexation into the existing College Terrace
Parking Program, as it was originally intended to be. At first we did the hard
work, the parking counts, the mapping, and so on. Our submission was
designed to finally align us with what is already in place for California
Avenue, College Terrace, Stanford University as well as the nearby Caltrain
station and to do so in the least expensive and least complex manner
possible. But not so, according to the view of Staff Report 6787. According
to its unsubstantiated estimates, our request is the most expensive and
complex of the four, with Southgate being second in that regard. We asked
how can this be. One line item, Staff costs, at $100,000 for the Evergreen
proposal by itself seems to explain it. That's 13-plus times the cost of
Crescent Park, ten times more than Edgewood, and four times more than
the runner up, Southgate, our immediate neighbor. Again, we asked how
could this be. A quick look at the item, called potential implications, seems
to answer this question: "While annexation into an existing program would
be a simplified approach from a Planning perspective, a shareholder process
and community outreach process is recommended to develop a program that
provides for residents and employees and could include permits for on-street
parking as well as parking management strategies for California Avenue lots
and garages to increase supply or evaluation of public/private parking
partnerships." Think about what this implies. It's as if little Evergreen is a
driving force behind the congestion now entangling the commercial core of
the California business district. To us, this seems to be putting the donkey
before the cart, to put it mildly. On the contrary, we are just so much
collateral damage from the decisions made by you and your predecessors
with respect to the development of that business district. That said, we
heartily endorse the notion of a comprehensive and competently
implemented transportation plan and programs for California Avenue. That
seems to be a no-brainer to us, but no such initiative exists or is even
contemplated at least as far as we know, which itself seems somewhat
astonishing. Nonetheless, it makes no sense to imply that Evergreen's
request is an inappropriate vehicle to address that purpose. The sad fact is
                                                                        Page 28 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
