                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: My only other concern is the dewatering. I don't
know what we can do to get …

Mayor Burt: Let me try and do that. Kind of just saying we're concerned
without getting to a point doesn't really get …

Council Member Holman: I was headed somewhere, but if you have an idea,
go ahead.

Mayor Burt: I've been waiting.

Council Member Holman: What could the City utilize to require an EIR or a
monitoring program that would intercede if there were identifiable impacts
from dewatering three construction projects at once?

Mayor Burt:     Council Member Holman, if I might take a crack at an
alternative approach to an EIR, then you're welcome to return to that.

Council Member Holman: Sure.

Mayor Burt: Let me go after this. We do have a certain amount of
discretion based upon the findings. Frankly, Finding Number 3 is a pretty
broad discretionary finding. I have two concerns. One is the setbacks. I
think one of the neighbors had raised this issue on the secondary units. I'm
actually looking at—I'm trying to understand. Is one a garage and the other
an ADU? Sorry, this drawing is tough to see. I can't read the setbacks.
What I'm going to lead to is they appear to be pretty minimal setbacks.
Given the discretionary latitude and the concerns raised by the neighbors on
essentially that being injurious to adjacent properties, any reason we
couldn't increase the setbacks there? If you can tell me what they are, I
can't read it.

Mr. Lait: We're thinking that imposing additional setback standards could be
appropriate based on the finding that you cited.

Mayor Burt: If you can let me know what they are. I couldn't even quite
make it out, even on the larger drawings.

Mr. Petersen: I want to walk you through it. The setback up here on this
property line is 3 feet 10 inches. That is for the garage.

Mayor Burt: What's the zone, zoning?

Mr. Petersen: The zoning is R-1.

Mayor Burt: What's the setback requirement in the zoning?
                                                                       Page 32 of 56
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 11/14/16
