                         TRANSCRIPT
increase in rent because they only wanted one year and not two years to try
and stay in business before Anthropologie left. Yes, but it wasn't $5 a foot.
It wasn't $4 a foot. It wasn't even $3 a foot. Knowing what the retail rate
was in that part of town at that time, it was either $2.50 or $2 a foot. I'd
have to go back and check my notes to be honest with you. One of the four
members of Addison Antiques LLC had already left. Debbie Kohler had
already told me that some of the people that were renting space from the
antique collective had already left, that their business was slow. With
Anthropologie leaving, they didn't see where they could sign a two year
lease. They only wanted one year. I said, "It's been a great relationship.
This is what I want." They said, "Mike, with Anthropologie leaving, with
business slow, we're not going to renew or opt." That's the facts as I
remember it. (crosstalk)

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now, Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Thank you to the applicant for that. To be
honest, I'm going to completely accept your version of the events as the
way I think about it up here. I'm very hesitant frankly on an Ordinance
that's expiring in March to have Staff make many changes to it. I'm really
curious if we could allow, as part of this waiver as the Mayor said, something
in between. What I'd like to see us allow in between is some sort of
educational use there. I think that would open up possibilities for them. I
think it would be interesting to see how that goes. I guess I will just move,
as long as no one from the City Attorney's Office or anyone, that we deny
the waiver but we allow them to put in an educational use at the same time.

Council Member DuBois: Is that an amendment?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That would be an amendment.

Council Member Kniss: Is that a Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: First, I'm offering it as an amendment.

Mayor Burt: The maker and the seconder would have to accept it first. If
not, he can propose it as a ...

Council Member DuBois: I'd accept it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You would?

Council Member Holman: I won't accept it, and here’s why.

Mayor Burt: All you have to do is just say yes or no.

                                                                       Page 93 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
