                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. We have an ongoing contract with the
consultants that's helping to fund this organization as it gets off the ground.
I don't know exactly what the split is, how much of that funding is left, but
that's part of what's happening.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I appreciate all that. I guess what I'm trying to get to
is a simple answer. It says in here the next big thing to do is to hire the
Executive Director. You're estimating $40,000 which seems really, really
low to me. I was curious as to how much time is the Executive Director
going to spend on this. Do you have the $40,000? When I look at this
budget, where does the $40,000 come from? It goes to my overall concern
that it seems really underfunded, and it seems that you set the contribution
levels of the Board Members way too low. I actually thought they should be
closer to $50,000 for the large employers, $20,000 for the middle
employees, and really $50? Do I need to say more? I didn't see how you
have the funding. What I'm looking for as a City Council Member is I'd like
to say, "Why don't you guys go take your year? You've got the funding.
The employers seem really committed to this. We'll keep a hands off for a
year. You come back to us, and you tell us where you are on this." My
concern is really that I'm not sure there's a strong commitment to get this
done because the finances don't make sense to me in this presentation. If
the finances don't make sense, then it doesn't happen. In my experience,
the money is what drives making stuff happen. Unless you guys are going
to spend all this time on it, I understand that the City is paying for the
equivalent of an Executive Director right now by funding the consultant.
That's what I just heard. That's why it's moving forward. You're going to
need to have a strong Executive Director, and I'm not sure it makes a lot of
sense to me a part-time Executive Director who gets paid $40,000.
$40,000, doesn't seem like you can do much with $40,000. If you have a
rational, great reason of why we can do this on a part-time Executive
Director and $40,000—I mean, the City can't recruit people at much more
than that. If you could respond.

Ms. Silvani: I can respond very briefly. The $40,000 number that you're
looking at, again, was a draft, but it was based on not hiring an Executive
Director until June or July or even August because the existing contract is
paying for that until then.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What you're really saying is the half-time and the half
year.

Ms. Silvani: And that we were not going to actually recruit someone until we
knew we had stable funding in place for at least a couple of years so that


                                                                         Page 54 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
