                         TRANSCRIPT
communities to reconsider restrictiveness of zoning laws and the approval
process to justify the fact that the zoning power is entrusted to the cities.
It's a responsibility they should take in hand.        This also goes with
communication and cooperation with local cities. I think the issue with the
water rights to East Palo Alto—I'd like to certainly urge Palo Alto to work
with them to have all the cities work together to have these needs. These
needs aren't going away of more housing. It's every city's obligation to
work together to make this happen. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications. Mr. City
Manager, did you have a comment?

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, we had a couple of speakers this
evening. I think we had five or six last week speaking about the Castilleja
School Conditional Use Permit. I just did want to share again with the public
that, before any decision that the Council would ultimately make, there will
actually be an Environmental Impact Report, an EIR, required as part of the
Castilleja process. My understanding is that's not yet really underway.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: Our next item is the Consent Calendar. We have one speaker,
who wishes to speak on Item Number 7. Doria Summa, welcome.

Doria Summa, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 7: Good evening,
Mayor and City Council. Doria Summa. I'm here tonight as President of the
College Terrace Residents Association. The Board met last week, and we
wanted to thank you for Item 7, your continued support of neighborhoods
and working with neighborhoods and especially making meeting rooms more
available to us. It really, really helps. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now move on to the Consent Calendar with
an understanding that Item Number 8 is being modified with the changes at
place to reduce the contract term to one year with a corresponding 50
percent reduction in the amount.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll move approval.

Council Member Kniss: Move approval.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-10, including changes outlined in the At-

                                                                      Page 11 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
