                          TRANSCRIPT
everybody's trying to do the right thing, and everybody will work together.
Our family's been active in the emergency preparedness program. I see
absolutely no contradiction between what the City's been doing in that
regard and what Sandra and others are talking about doing with the Cool
Cities Challenge. I would encourage you most strongly to try to embrace
the fact that there are a lot of people who can have similar goals. They may
not have every word in every document completely in sync; that's perfectly
okay. I've worked on emergency preparedness with the Boys Scouts, with
our local block on emergency preparedness. I think our entire family would
embrace what Cool Cities is trying to do. The second thing I'd say is I'd
really like to support what the City Manager had to—his comment in
response to one of your questions, Vice Mayor Scharff. If I understood it
correctly, this is a pilot program which is going to impact not only Palo Alto
but conceivably the entire country. I think it's extremely important that you
keep the preparedness as part of the program here in Palo Alto, so that we
can show other cities that this is not only an essential part of responding to
climate change, but also a great opportunity to take together two important
aspects of emergency preparedness. I would encourage you to adopt this
proposal. I really wish I could have heard what you had to say, Council
Member Filseth, about why this isn't possibly a no brainer. I think it is, and I
think you should go forward. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.     Lisa Van Dusen to be followed by Herb Borock.
Welcome.

Lisa Van Dusen: Good evening, Council and Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff.
I am the other part of the family that John Kelley was just referring to. I
can speak for myself in addition to echoing what he had to say. I'd like to
just add that John was actually part of doing the research for the IPCC
adaptation group. He knows a bit about what he's talking about. I wanted
to say I remember going to the very first meeting about the Cool City
Challenge. I guess you were saying, Vice Mayor Scharff, that it was in 2012.
I couldn't remember exactly when that was. It's been really impressive to
me the sort of dogged persistence that Sandra has had in pursuing this
along with others in the community. I think that really underscores what it
takes to do this kind of work and also kind of the opportunity to just try
something and iterate and learn as we go which is, I think, how we want to
see ourselves as a community, as a community of innovators and as a place
that tries things and that leads for others. I think this is a really magnificent
opportunity to do that. I also think people will be looking at us. Hopefully,
they will as we do that. The idea of keeping all these parts together does
seem really important. That is what this really offers. I had two completely
independent conversations with friends last week who said, "Our water
heater went out, and we had to replace it." I said, "Did you get a solar
                                                                          Page 47 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
