                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Doria Summa to be followed by Wolfgang
Dueregger.

Doria Summa: Good evening Mayor and City Council. I want to thank the
colleagues who brought this Memo forward. I'm a College Terrace resident,
and I was on the committee that formed our RPPP. I wanted to speak in
support of other neighborhoods; primarily Evergreen Park and, I think,
Southgate make sense that want to annex our program. Just a couple of
things. Our program has been extremely successful. Council Member
DuBois already mentioned that at the time of the General Use Permit and
the $100k that was given to College Terrace to design a program, it was
understood that Evergreen Park would be the next neighborhood that
needed the program. I also wanted to mention something essentially
important about the College Terrace RPP. It allows for two hour parking for
everyone. I live on the perimeter of the neighborhood, closest to the mixed-
use zone. The streets would not work for either the businesses or the
residents if there was solid use by long-term parkers of the streets. The
businesses need short-term parking as well as the residents. It keeps
everything kind of even. Of course, my street is more impacted than at the
top of College Terrace, but I think that's okay because I chose to live in what
I considered a walkable area next to the California Avenue, Downtown and
the train station. I also wanted to point out that the College Terrace
Residential Parking Permit program helped Stanford campus achieve its
reduction of single occupancy vehicle trips that produced greenhouse gas
emission. I hope you'll be able to annex these two neighborhoods swiftly.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Wolfgang Dueregger to be followed by our final
speaker, David Schrom.

Wolfgang Dueregger: Good evening, dear Mayor, City Council and members
of the Colleagues Memo. Evergreen Park is a very small neighborhood. It's
about a three by five-block neighborhood.          What we expect is that
Southgate will also be granted a parking program, and that would mean that
Stanford, Southgate, the train tracks and the California Avenue commercial
core would then surround our neighborhood. We will be only one with
unlimited parking. We request to be annexed by adjacency to the College
Terrace program. Safety is an issue. Early morning, we have two arteries;
we have Park Boulevard and Stanford Avenue as the future bike boulevard.
Kids and parents go to the two elementary schools which are located west of
El Camino on Stanford Avenue. This is already when the first flock of
parkers are coming in. When this bike boulevard should be a safe and nice
thing, then parking also plays a role here. Actually keeping the parkers out,
that essentially hijack our neighborhood. You see sometimes people going
with Samsonite around the neighborhood that are either coming back from a
                                                                        Page 27 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
