                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Sorry. I'll be quick as a flash. Appreciate the
comments made by City Attorney Stump. It doesn't give the public a
description of what the things are that will be coming back that Staff has
identified. I just wondered if that might be a prudent thing to do.

Ms. Stump: Just to preview then what you'll see from us on the Planned
Community (PC) Ordinance of violation amount. Our thoughts were to
provide that an opportunity to cure period would be discretionary for Staff to
allow that in a case where coming into compliance requires actions of a third
party and sometimes needed reasonably to do that. To allow the Staff to
impose a penalty more quickly than that in cases where the owner has the
ability to cure the violation right away. We also wanted to make clear that
there would be a graduated penalty amount that would increase if there was
not compliance after a period of time. We also wanted to elicit from Council,
not a specific recommendation from Staff on this, whether the proposed fine
amount—in the current Staff Report it's noted to increase, to double to
$2,000—is in fact the right fine amount from the Council's perspective.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. If I might add to that—
Mr. Mayor, I don't know if you're looking for motions or if you're just looking
for Council Members to put out to Staff what they want to have come back.

Mayor Burt: No motions tonight. I think what we can do is individual
Council Members can make their comments. Others can simply concur or
speak. I think the most efficient thing would be an appreciating Council
Member has raised an issue, then we can simply say, "I also would like to
discuss that." Frankly, this is just a heads-up to Staff. Even if it's just an
individual Council Member, at the subsequent November 7th hearing we'll
have the prerogative to raise those issues either way. Whatever we bring up
tonight, Staff is not limited—our discussion on November 7th is not limited
to the items that we bring up or have more than one Council Member
discuss. It's just to give the Staff a sense of the things we want to know
more about or discuss.

Council Member Holman: With that, I will go through these quickly. I would
like also addressed when the Staff comes back what about repeat offenses.
In other words, if something's cured, and then two weeks later it goes out of
compliance again. Repeat offenses. Also because of the length of time the
situation, the noncompliance has endured, can—I'm not supposing one way
or other—Edgewood Plaza grocery be dealt with separately from the other
PC regulations? Just a question I have. Also 16.49.080 and 090 have to do
with maintenance of Downtown historic structure and demolition of
Downtown historic structure. The lack of maintenance, the penalty for not
maintaining is all of $500. The demolition of a Downtown historic structure

                                                                        Page 35 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
