                          TRANSCRIPT
then as being adequate. It seemed like—well, it was pretty clear to me that
in questioning the consultant that they hadn't considered at all and it is
pointed out actually in the analysis by the members of the public, that they
had not at all considered the accumulation or proximity of the various
dewatering projects. It was clear that that had not been considered. It was
not the cumulative impact that was being considered in that. Let me say
this. A couple or three questions. One is why would we not limit basements
to at least one level now. Do we really need to be allowing two-level
basements, three-level basements? I don't know if there are any three, but
I know there are several two-level basements. Why wouldn't we limit that
now? If that requires more dewatering, why would we not do that? Why did
the Staff not go there or the Policy and Services Committee? I don't know
who wants to answer that.

Mr. Keene: If I just might answer. I think first of all at the Committee, one
of the issues we were dealing with is the range of issues that came up, the
depth of what it takes to really adequately assess them, validate them and
deploy them. We triaged this to get back with recommendations that could
be implemented now at the start of a potential new construction season. I
don't see any way that exploring actions like that could be done in this
timeframe. I mean, we've got a lot of process we would have to go through
to make that decision, so I think we were directed to get back with this
action. Phil just pointed out that that topic falls in the range of suggestions
that came up that are in this Group 3 area that we, again, made very clear
we have to develop a process to work through those. Not because we're
avoiding it, because they're not only complicated but we're doing a lot of
other things in the City too.

Council Member Holman: Indeed we are. It just seemed like that could be
likely a very simple one because it could have significant impact but it
doesn't affect very many people. As I read through Group 1, I don't see that
we're measuring the water going offsite. Do I misread something?

Mr. Bobel: Yeah, sorry about the confusion there. We sort of buried that.
It's in the attachment that's connected with the five recommendations which
is Attachment B which is also the one sheet that was passed. By adopting
the recommendations, you are adopting the requirement that people put a
flow meter on the amount of water they're pumping out of the basement.

Mr. Keene: With a data logger.

Mr. Bobel: Yeah. And recording that data.



                                                                        Page 56 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
