                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman:        I can't remember if there was a Staff
recommendation, but I'd like to move that we endorse the Santa Clara
County Measure A, affordable housing bond ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

Council Member Berman: ... that's on the November ballot.

Council Member Kniss: Third.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to endorse Santa Clara County Measure A, an Affordable Housing Bond
Measure on the November 8, 2016 ballot.

Mayor Burt: Seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff. Do you want to speak to your
Motion?

Council Member Berman: We all know that we have an affordable housing
crisis. This is a great way to increase the funds for affordable housing and
increase the supply. I think it's kind of self-evident.

Mayor Burt: We do have one member of the public who just submitted a
card. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would just echo what Council Member Berman said. I
think this is a great measure, and we should support it.

Mayor Burt: Stephanie Munoz, you're welcome to speak.

Stephanie Munoz: Yes, thank you for that opportunity. I just want to
remind you that I get it about capitalism and why it's good. I wouldn't be
here and none of you would be either if the people that came 100 years ago
hadn't decided they were going to concentrate the money, be a little bit
unequal, maybe a lot unequal with the privileges that they gave and the way
that they arranged the economy. We'd have a lot more money and we also
have University of California and we have Stanford Hospital and we have a
lot of great things, but this is the problem when it comes to housing. If
you're going to get the capital by making the price of the land go up so that
you can get all these good things and the schools and the great things that
you're doing and all the people in charge are arranging, that's fine. In the
case of housing, as you hope to get the money from having the value of the
property go up and have it sell and sell, the things that you want to get keep
getting out of your reach. It's the land. You've got to hang onto any land
that you have so that you can build these Measure A houses on it any which
way you can.      When Palo Alto Housing Corporation sold that Maybell

                                                                      Page 108 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
