                          TRANSCRIPT
lot of talk about collective impacts, cumulative impacts. We hear it talked
about as a negative. Every project adds potentially cumulative impact on
things in Palo Alto. Adding 60 units of housing, that's a cumulative positive
impact on our housing crisis. The questions was raise, I think, by Council
Member Holman about vetting in the community and making sure that we
have some vetting. That's exactly what we're starting tonight. We've heard
a lot of community input. I know we'll hear about this. As for the question
of whether this is a PC, if this is a one-off, I'll be honest. I think a lot of us
would like to see small units and micro units more broadly across Downtown
and in the Cal. Ave. areas, but we recognize that a lot of others on this
Council and in the community—I'll wrap this up shortly—a lot of others
aren't ready for that. We're willing to compromise and say, "You know
what? Let's try one." We've been asking for a pilot, and I'm glad somebody
heard us and brought something forward. If anyone thinks it's inappropriate
to do this as a one-off and they want to make a Motion that we do this very
broadly, I'd be happy to hear that Motion, but I don't think we're going to
hear it tonight. In fact, I'm going to be following Vice Mayor Scharff's idea
that we go for one of the more limited suggestions here.

Mayor Burt:     We won't be having any Motions tonight under a Study
Session.

Council Member Wolbach: Right, I know. I mean when this comes back or
in the future. One more thing I do want to address is there's this idea that I
heard raised about warehousing people if it's not the kind of unit that you
want to live in. I do think it's important to recognize that we all make this
mistake every once in a while of thinking, "If I want something, that's the
best thing for everyone else." I think it's important for us to realize that
that's why you need diversity in the market. Not everybody wants the same
thing or they might not even want the same thing at every stage in their life.
It's important to have those options out there. That's what Palo Alto
currently lacks, that range of diversity in housing options. This would fill
that need, and that's why I'm largely supportive of the project. There's
been a great deal of discussion tonight and I agree that the devil's in the
details. If and when an application comes forward, we'll be looking very
closely at where the teeth are in the TDM measures in particular.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I know it's late, so I'll try to brief. I see a lot of
people here for the next item. I too want to thank the applicant. I think it
was really great to see some interesting ideas. I think the thing we're
struggling with is how do we do innovation and marry that with experience.
Again, it's kind of an unproven idea. I think there are a lot of new ideas

                                                                          Page 43 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/12/16
