                          TRANSCRIPT
things come to this Council, and we don't make a decision and kick the can
down the road, and things don't happen. I think it's important that we move
forward with this fire station expeditiously. Therefore, I'll move the Staff
recommendation.

Council Member DuBois: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to:

A.    Direct Staff to locate Temporary Fire Station No. 3 at 2000 Geng Road
      while the permanent replacement Fire Station No. 3 facility is under
      construction; and

B.    Amend the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Appropriation Ordinance for the
      General Fund by decreasing the revenue estimate for rental of the
      Geng Road site by $55,922.

Mayor Burt: Do you want to speak further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I've actually, Chief, got to say, and Rob as
well, I think Staff has done a good job—at least that's the sense I got—in
weighing the pros and cons and thinking this through and coming up with
something that works. I think it's important to trust Staff. We have the Fire
Chief saying, and the Deputy Fire Chief, this works on an operational basis.
I think I know a little bit about Fire, but I really don't. It's not really my job
up here to say to you guys, "No, you haven't thought it through properly."
That's really your job. You're coming here and telling me this works on an
operational basis. That's good enough for me. I'm also thinking about the
tennis courts, the neighbors, and all of that. I think we should move forward
with this expeditiously and get this fire station built.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:        I just want to say I really appreciate the
quantitative modeling. This software you have sounds very cool. I'm glad
we have that. I understand 90 percent of the time you're adding a minute
or less. I don't know if you mentioned it, but we're actually decreasing time
to our highest response areas in the daytime. I think network effects are
not intuitive. This is a case where we have real emergency response data
empowering a sophisticated model. I'm not sure why we would second
guess that up here. I appreciate the plan. I thought it was a good Staff
Report. It really seems like you guys have thought this through. I support
the Staff recommendation.

                                                                          Page 43 of 111
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/17/16
