                          TRANSCRIPT
neighbors; although, our density is still 30 percent the average of Silicon
Valley. That would indicate that for this community to do what it has—note
the Silicon Valley revolution did not take place in a center city, where
economies of scale and big players dominate. It could not have happened
there, and it didn't. That would imply that keeping LOS measures of
congestion is a critically important aspect of how we think about our future
communities. I think in a way SB 743 for us at least is missing out on
something that is critically important to us. Talk a little bit about LOS. LOS,
we've had problems with, a lot of complaints with. There's some admissions
in here that queuing data, streets, busy streets with single—close to each
other don't get measured very well through LOS, and yet that is a chronic
problem on some of our streets.              Four or five years ago, the
recommendation was made to use time from Point A to time to Point B as a
way of measuring the impact of congestion on people. I notice in our
existing conditions report there is one table that has that, but I've never
seen it in any other City document. Why do we have that? You talk about
the wonders of technology and what we can do with the VMT. Why can't we
do that with LOS? Cumulative impacts, another critical problem with LOS.
Long-term cumulative impacts come from the VTA model. How much is the
whole region growing and what does it mean?                 There's no way of
accumulating projects that we vote on and the impacts it might have in the
future. All of LOS is based upon the data generated by the traffics model. I
notice Page 7 says traffics data is outdated. A slew of problems exist with
LOS, but I think as a Council Member from Palo Alto I would say that we
absolutely need to maintain and enhance our ability to use LOS. Our goal
should not be necessarily to move back towards the scale economics of the
19th century central city, but rather to enhance mobility in a balanced and
mobile community. Let's keep an effective and an improved LOS in place.

Mayor Burt: I had a few follow-up questions and comments. One I share
concerns and questions of my colleagues as to why the VMT is not also
looking at the time of travel of a given distance. It's interesting. When we
look at that legislative evolution from AB 32, you made the point that we
aren't looking at the type of vehicle. If we're looking at greenhouse gas
emissions as a primary driver here, then we need a more nuanced approach.
If we look at congestion in the region and locally, then we also may need a
somewhat different approach. We need to not look at just vehicle miles, but
how congested each of those miles are. It sure looks to me like this has got
an important element to it of having us examine vehicle miles traveled. It's
inadequate from a global level. I mean by global really State level looking at
one size fits all. You've said that within cities we have this ability to layer
our own requirements. That, I think, emphasizes—we have a later session
tonight on our Transportation Element of our Comprehensive Plan or a
General Plan. These changes will elevate, I think, the importance of getting
                                                                        Page 26 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
