                         TRANSCRIPT
what those are. They're essentially cell phone tower emulators. They allow
you to gather a substantial amount of information from somebody's cell
phone usage. On the question of whether this can be broken up into things
that are less controversial and simpler at first versus more controversial and
more complex later, I'd like to leave that question open to Policy and
Services as they dig into it. I don't have an easy answer, but I'm certainly
comfortable with Policy and Services Committee having the discretion to
bring forth some recommendations at one point and others at another point,
as they see appropriate. If there are minor errors or items that lack clarity,
I'd be happy to provide that if it's necessary at this point. Otherwise, I ...

Mr. Keene: The Mayor's comment about Committee review, just clarifying.
I think that would be something that the Staff would do. I think ...

Mayor Burt: The research (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: Research, survey.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I think that is correct. Any research
beyond what's all provided in the attachments to the Memo, Staff could
provide to the Committee Members.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff, speaking to your second.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks to Cory for putting this together. He did all the
heavy lifting on this. I think he deserves a lot of the credit for that. I'm
pleased we're doing this for the comments I made earlier. I think it's
important to set these policies. I do think, as we start with Policy and
Services though, we should make it clear that the charge of Policy and
Services and focus is on those technologies that create personally
identifiable information. I actually do think in hindsight the Colleagues
Memo was a little broader than that. I think that's, at least, what the focus
should be to start with. I think that would make the charge for Staff a lot
easier when they come up with stuff to us and help us out on this. I don't
know if you feel comfortable doing that.

Council Wolbach: I think that's kind of assumed. I don't know if it's
necessary to incorporate it into the motion. Again, giving the discretion to
the Policy and Services Committee to bring forward recommendations in the
order and manner that they see fit, I think that would be allowable within
that scope.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I often think in these things oftentimes it takes them a
while to get it to Policy and Services. These things go on. You could have
several new Council Members next year, who haven't had this discussion.
                                                                        Page 63 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
