                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Is it too much to hope that if Staff can't work on
that in the next few months, they'll get to work on some of the other things?
Does that free up some Staff time in the interim?

Ms. Gitelman: We're showing that as yellow. The other projects take that
into consideration already.

Mayor Burt: I'll just add that the VTA tax will also play into this, not only
the VTA bus program restructuring which could take services away from
existing services like some of ours. The 500 million that is in ...

Council Member Berman: The roads.

Mayor Burt: No. Actually the bus service would put dollars back into play.
Those two things will come in. I don't know whether we can have a
reasonable discussion until after November. I'll just say that from a policy
standpoint, if they were to pursue cutbacks on our routes, I'd really want to
pursue having VTA refund to cities the bulk of the dollar savings if they
would use them toward local bus service, that would be matched or
whatever by local funds. I just wanted to get that out on the table. It's kind
of a high-level concept that ties in with this. It's going to be a big issue.
Anything else on Community Environment?

Council Member Wolbach: What did we decide about 51? Is that going in
there at all? I'm not recommending it necessarily does. That was the Geng
Road.

Mayor Burt: No. We just said that's on hold.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Director Gitelman.

Council Member Filseth: What was the resolution on if we're going to
escalate some of these? How do we look at other things to de-escalate or
something (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That's what we do when we revisit the parking lot at the end of
this meeting.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't think Director Gitelman should leave actually.

Mr. Keene: She won't leave.

Mayor Burt: That goes to that question of whether we need directors.

                                                                       Page 77 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
