                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I had missed the Staff perspective on this. Can we ask them to
clarify?

Mr. Lait: The language that we have on 312, 2A-D, is the same language
that we have in SOFA II. That's fine except that SOFA II is a discrete part of
the City. We thought rather than extrapolate that to the rest of the City, the
Research Park and other areas—I'm hearing from Amy that this specifically
is the Homer and Emerson Corridor. We're taking two street intersections
and applying it Citywide. We just thought we'd want to exercise a little
more caution on that. If I can just on that Motion about the urban areas, I
didn't know what that meant. How does that get distinguished from other
parts of the City?

Council Member Holman: Would the word commercial be better? The
Research Park, I don't think we consider as commercial. It's Research and
Development (R&D).

Mayor Burt: It's commercial.

Mr. Lait: Commercial areas, commercial or ...

Mayor Burt: The Research Park is ...

Council Member Holman: If there's a ...

Mayor Burt: ... (crosstalk) there.

Council Member Holman: ... word that you can come up with that is a better
descriptor, I'm fine with that.     The intention doesn't apply—it clearly
wouldn't apply. Doorways and stuff don't apply in the Research Park. That
wouldn't apply. I would say that while that was developed for SOFA II, we
often point to SOFA II as being an exemplar of a good work product. What
we get in front of us in terms of appeals, I think, would not be coming to us
if we would satisfy those standards that are set in SOFA II.

Mayor Burt:    Council Member Holman, I'm sympathetic to looking for
something more clear and deep in its explanation than the wording in C of
compatible with its setting. I am concerned with that this A-D on Page 312
is pretty—does it apply to El Camino for instance.

Council Member Holman: I just want to clarify. A, I didn't want to add
there because it's already otherwise included and D only through the word
applicable because the other is already included. I'm really looking at
adding "establishes design linkages," that phrase, and B and C and the first
part of D. If we could come up with a term that would be giving more

                                                                      Page 100 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
