                          TRANSCRIPT
part of neighborhood association, but on the Planning and Transportation
Commission, on the South of Forest Avenue working group, on the Planning
and Transportation Commission and now on the City Council. I've had a
long history of working with Council Member Burt and would be, I think, a
good partner in that regard. I'll be fairly brief here. We have a lot of things
that we have accomplished this year, a very long list of things that we've
accomplished, and a lot of things that we need to continue. Hopefully, now
that we've gotten some things in place, we can continue in even a more
focused manner. Some of those, just to list two or three here, that are kind
of on the forefront for me are a continued commitment to the environment,
housing and homelessness. Those are certainly high on my list. It's most
especially the homelessness. Traffic and transportation congestion relief. I
was part of a nine member Mayor and City Manager group that worked
together to send a communication to VTA to talk about congestion relief and
work for a study there. It's that kind of experience that you get as being a
Mayor. Since I have skipped being Vice Mayor all these years, I think it's
one that I can work in a very good support role. The Vice Mayor does step
in for the Mayor also when the Mayor is out of town or unable or has
multiple conflicts, which can happen on the same day. I'm ready, willing
and able to fill that role. Going back to the continuity thing, I guess the last
thing I would say about this is my engine is already warmed up. I'd
appreciate your support and your vote. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have one member of the public to speak,
Richard Brand. I also want to note that Former Mayor Gail Woolley has
joined us. Welcome Richard.

Richard Brand: Good evening. Happy new year to all. I just wanted to add
a few comments here. I think we have a chance being the City that's
become the wonder City in Palo Alto with a wonder team here. I'm
speaking—Mayor Burt, congratulations. I think you're great at this. I really
recommend that people vote for Karen Holman as Vice Mayor. I think the
two working together are going to continue the good work that's happened,
Pat, under your regime several years ago and Mayor Holman this past year
as you heard. I think we have the opportunity to work with Staff. I've
actually seen, because I'm on several committees, the Staff working well
with Karen Holman. I think that's important. Pat, that'll support the work
that you're going to be needing to do, working with Jim's team which is
doing a great job. I didn't expect to have to do this, but I think this is a real
opportunity for the City to move forward. I encourage all of you to vote for
Karen Holman for Vice Mayor. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman, were you wanting to speak? Okay.
We will shortly be hearing from the City Clerk on the results.
                                                                          Page 10 of 23
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/4/16
