                         TRANSCRIPT
as a possible Fifth Scenario and the implications that will have on the timing
and the process of completing the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Mayor Burt: I think we'd want to carry down the general guidance of what
that Fifth Scenario would be addressing.

Council Member Berman: I'll let you—please.

Mayor Burt: I would add a Fifth Scenario which shifts the job/housing
balance. I would simply leave it at that.

Council Member Berman: I'm fine with that.

Mayor Burt: The question is are the maker and the seconder okay with it.

Council Member DuBois: Just so I understand this, are we saying that ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Maybe we should have—change "shift" to "lowers
the job/housing ratio."

Council Member Berman: Yeah.

Council Member DuBois: Are we saying that we would proceed with the
DEIR as is and possible at some later date we would look at a Fifth Scenario?

Council Member Berman: Yes, essentially.

Mayor Burt: Yes. I think we've heard pretty clearly from Staff that that
DEIR is virtually ready to come to us. That work is done. What we're
looking at is what we want to add to it as a Supplemental Scenario.

Council Member DuBois: Just so I understand. When you say it's coming to
us in three weeks and the work is done, an external consultant has already
analyzed the impacts of the four scenarios. In three weeks, we're going to
get a report on the impacts of those four scenarios.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: I think I'll accept this in the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part B of the Motion with, “direct Staff
to return to Council with the DEIR as well as a possible fifth scenario which
lowers the jobs/housing ratio and the implications that will have on the
timing and process of completing the Comprehensive Plan Update.”


                                                                            Page 99 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
