                           TRANSCRIPT
ask other people to attend. I don't know if we're going to have that kind of
turnout. It has an impact.

Mayor Burt: Last week I went to D.C. I was invited to speak on two panels
at the National Energy Efficiency Summit. That's an annual event that's
been held in D.C. for 27 years, I think it is. I was able to offer a broader
definition of what our thoughts should be about what energy efficiency
should encompass going forward. I had offered in advance that a lot of what
of we're focusing on now is transportation and how that intersects with
energy efficiency, now that we are carbon neutral electricity in Palo Alto. We
still have efficiency objectives and strong achievements that we've done in
smart building systems and additional energy efficiency in buildings, but 60
percent of our carbon footprint is our transportation system, principally our
cars. The sponsors of the summit were very receptive to that. That was the
U.S. Energy Association. We had a broader conversation. I think going
forward this is going to be a next dimension of it. I also actually brought in
kind of the whole water dimension and how it intersects with energy supply
and energy consumption. They were very receptive to that concept as well.
Overall, I was able to share a lot of what we are doing under this rubric of
the Smart City movement. You probably hear the term a lot, but it's not
discussed very often on what the term means. That was the third thematic
area that I addressed, basically Smart Cities are defined—the movement is
defined as using innovative communication and information technologies to
improve the lives of residents. I had offered that I didn't disagree with that,
but I thought it was limited in that it was really-the definition implies that it's
our current residents and, for that matter, our current workers. It should be
broadened to include future generations. If we basically have really Smart
Cities that serve our quality of life and rob from the future, that's not real
smart. That theme was also well received. I think those are areas that
we're broadening that conversation. Frankly, our Staff and I are being
asked to speak at a lot of these events. I recently spoke at two different
Valley Smart City events that were sponsored by Chinese Valley initiatives
and have some more coming up. When discussing this, the efforts that our
Staff is doing through all the different departments is really pretty
astounding. We have between the building department, us owning all of our
own utilities, our transportation department, permits, public works, and then
our administrative services, all of those, we have really leading Smart City
dimensions to it. One of my frustrations is that we're actually doing more as
a City than we have put together into a cohesive narrative. I think that's
one of the next things we need to do. I also surprised people at the
conference by saying that we have a prominent Chief Sustainability Officer.
When I observed all the departments and how they're relating and how
they're being enabled to do this, it is the Chief Information Officer that is the
real empowering position, and we happen to have at least a nationally if not
                                                                            Page 96 of 98
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/27/16
