                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Metz: The language that we developed for the VTA measure was
recommended by the committee that was working on that measure. We
were trying to get what they presented as the most accurate representation
of what was under consideration.

Council Member DuBois: I was kind of curious. That wording seemed to
have things that were attractive to Palo Alto but not maybe ...

Mayor Burt: Where do you see that it didn't include it?

Council Member DuBois: Question on Slide 10.

Mr. Keene: It's the concept question that ...

Council Member DuBois: That was asked first. If the impression was the
County tax was going to fund a lot of issues, maybe it affected some of the
results. I was just curious because BART seems to be one of the biggest
projects for that tax. I think you answered my other question. Is this all
likely voters?

Mr. Metz: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: 71 percent white seemed very high for Palo Alto,
but that's because it was the likely voter.

Mr. Metz: Correct.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just curious on Slide 30, the safety response.
Did you ask a question about maybe a safer driving environment? I'm
wondering if it's safety that's resonating overall. Previous slide.

Mr. Metz:   I'm just checking to see if it appeared lower down.           No.
Obviously it could be implicit in some of the things that we talked about,
maintaining City streets and roads, things like that. We didn't specifically
ask about safety for drivers. I will say in other survey research we've done,
drivers always scores lower that students, bicyclists and pedestrians on this
scale.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, because maintaining—I think we have pretty
high quality roads. I just wondered if maybe congestion gets towards it, but
maybe safety of driving might be another question. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.




                                                                     Page 113 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
