                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: That could be parking meters, yes. We've had discussions
about the need for a comprehensive parking strategy to make any of the
parking options work.

Mayor Burt: Which included I believe specifically consideration of              paid
parking. Not that we've made a decision to do it, but I believe that            was
Council direction within the—it was part of the—when we had                      the
comprehensive parking strategy, that was one of the components of it.            We
endorsed going forward with that series of components.

Council Member Holman: Every time I hear paid parking these days, it just
refers to parking meters alone. I don't remember that being guidance from
the Council.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) years ago.

Mayor Burt: No, the last time that we had the comprehensive Downtown
parking was in the last 9, 12 months.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we talked about it in the context of a number of
items, and then we did bring the contract forward for Council approval with a
scope of work. We're not jumping to the conclusion that parking meters are
the answer. We're looking at a whole host of possible approaches. We're
really trying not to predetermine the outcome.

Mayor Burt: We've had that clarification that we have not made—this is not
saying that we have a determination of what we will do. We are definitely
studying this (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: I think there's two questions here, real quickly. Is this a study
that the Council thinks we'd be better off not having versus having it to
inform some choices? Secondly, with all due respect, we were sort of hoping
we'd go in the other direction on these updates. If we have to not take stuff
off that we've already been really working on and investing because ...

Mayor Burt: That doesn't erase the time you're already spent? I thought
we'd get all that back. I think that—clarifications. Unless we subsequently—
if a Council Member finds in the records that this is in error, then so be it. It
was within the comprehensive parking program that we supported, this was
a defined element. This is to study it, not a determination that's been made
on the outcome. Thirty-five, I see.

Council Member DuBois: Are we suggesting it happen before this study is
done? The report says it's red, waiting for the study.


                                                                         Page 92 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
