                          TRANSCRIPT
Craig Lewis: Mayor Burt, Council Members. I'm usually here talking with
you about local renewable energy. Tonight I'm here to encourage you to
support the ordinance that Peter has presented. The Clean Coalition is really
about intelligent generation, use and transport of energy. The first step you
want to take in that regard is to intelligently use energy. In other words,
you want to maximize efficiency and, put another way, you want to minimize
energy use. As Peter has presented tonight and as you've heard from the
other speakers, Palo Alto has essentially been a leader with regards to
energy efficiency. It has historically including right now is leading the State
standards by about 15 percent. The State has seen what Palo Alto is doing,
and it is about to increase its standards to match Palo Alto's current
standards. The opportunity here for Palo Alto to approve the ordinance
before you is to essentially take another step forward and to provide that
leadership that the State will then, three years down the line, follow. I don't
think I'm going too far out of line to connect these dots that the State is
actually following Palo Alto. Palo Alto has been a tremendous leader in lots
of ways. The robust S/CAP that you all approved recently is another
indicator. That's talking about really far out goals. The ordinance you have
before you is a really important step to achieve those further out
sustainability goals. The far out goals are really important, but equally
important are the steps that we need to take to get there. I encourage your
support for the ordinance tonight and to allow Palo Alto to continue to lead
on energy efficiency. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 10:39 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return to the Council. Bear in mind the time.
Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I move approval of the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Wolbach: Second

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to adopt an Ordinance repealing and restating Chapter 16.17 of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code to adopt and amend the 2016 California Energy Code, Title
24, Chapter 6, of the California Code of Regulations.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, second by Council Member
Wolbach. Would you like to speak to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. Thank you very much for putting this
together. I know you and the technical group spent a lot of time. You went
through all of the issues behind it. I read the Staff Report, and I can see
that you really put a lot of thought into this. Any objections that people had,
                                                                       Page 102 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
