                          TRANSCRIPT
construction. It is expected that this construction method will generate
approximately 80 percent less water waste from dewatering. This creative
group is brainstorming ways to reduce that remaining 20 percent to zero.
All of us who care about our groundwater and sea level rise appreciate the
group's collaboration and initiative in tackling this issue and wish them much
success.    If this alternative method for building basements and other
underground structures where there is a high water table proves effective,
we hope that the City will revise its Building Codes for dewatering to
prescribe basement construction methods that fully protect our groundwater.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Rita Vrhel. Welcome.

Rita Vrhel: Hi. I wanted to talk about housing, the shortage and the
particularly acute shortage of housing for teachers, firefighters, etc. For the
last several years, I've been reviewing housing sales in Palo Alto, which are
listed in the Palo Alto Weekly every couple days. Recently the last couple of
years, what I've noticed is three bedroom/one bath, three bedroom/two
bath homes built probably up to 1970 have been going for $2-$3 million
depending on when the sale was made.              The last couple of years,
particularly in the last six months, what I'm seeing is these same houses
being sold for $7-$8 million. When you look at the square footage when
they built and when they were sold and what it was then, and then you go
into the residential real estate ads, what you find is many of these houses
have been—there is a basement.               While I'm not speaking for
paloaltosgroundwater.org, I am asking that the City Council, when the time
becomes right, consider adding any basement construction, the square
footage of that basement to the floor area ratio, so that in fact this simple
maneuver would hopefully make more affordable housing available to Palo
Alto residents. Probably more Palo Alto residents could afford a $3 million
house than can afford a $7-$8 million house. I think I saw the most
ridiculous ad the other day in Atherton, which had a 10,000-square-foot,
Hampton-style house which had two recreation rooms, five en-suite
bedrooms, additional bathrooms, a sauna, an exercise room, etc., etc., etc.
I think what we really need in Palo Alto is a basic house, three bedroom/two
bath, where people can afford and walk Downtown. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now move on to Approval of Minutes—I'm
sorry?

Stephanie Munoz: (inaudible) speakers?

Mayor Burt: One, I didn't have cards, and we had plenty of opportunity to
bring cards before. I think you've been out here for a long while. I'm going

                                                                        Page 29 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
