                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Did you talk at all with Google that has a very
extensive bike on campus system?

Mr. Rzepecki: Years ago I met with them. I've also met with some of the
other corporate bike share programs in the region. What's interesting with
Google is they treat it like a disposable asset. They don't have any locking
security on it. They do lose a good chunk of the fleet every year. They
don't have any asset control. We have a program in Portland, Oregon, with
Nike at the campus. In addition to the bikes downtown, we do have 400
bikes on their campus. They had previously unsecured bikes. They had a
similar type of loss rate, and they've just introduced our system. The
program manager is really happy to have that type of visibility and asset
control.

Council Member Kniss: Do you have any figures on Portland? Eric earlier
read you the 0.17 and could we get to 0.18. What is theirs?

Mr. Rzepecki: We were doing around two trips per bike per day in Portland.
It's been incredibly successful. I think that basing that 0.17 that we see
here, with five locations, 37 bikes, it's not incredibly useful. The amount of
trips that you could take on it just wasn't incredibly useful. I think if you
actually deploy something with the right scale, have the marketing and the
regional buy-in, I think it's going to be a lot more successful. We've talked
internally about hitting a metric of 1 trip per bike per day as being a good
metric for success. I think we can definitely get that. I think if you guys are
building out a bike network here, and we're tapping into all the corporate
and Stanford University, I think we all want to work toward a goal that
would exceed that. I think we'd all be pretty surprised and disappointed if
we come back here, as you said, a year or two from now and had 0.18. I
think we're doing the work that will guarantee we'll hit the targets that we
want to hit.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you so much. Just one last question to Staff.
Where do we get the 1.1 aside from other sources or other sponsors?
Where does the 1.1 emanate from to begin with? Use Jim's contingency
fund?

Mr. Mello: No, no. Well, I don't know. Can we have that? No, we have a
capital improvement project, the Bike Plan Implementation Fund. Bike share
is identified in our 2012 Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan as a
program. We would intend to use the ..

Council Member Kniss: Our 2012? What year?


                                                                        Page 85 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
