                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, if I can interject something. In looking at Herb's
question and your follow-up, I think we would like to clarify one of these
rows in Attachment A. It's on Packet Page 97.

Mayor Burt: Which? Ninety-seven?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. This is where the appeal issue is handled. There's a
row there under legal review fees that says request for hearing by the
Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC). I think we'd like that to say
appeal to the City Council or request for hearing. That's the $280 fee that
appellants would pay. Again, setting aside whether they get a public hearing
or not, that's their appeal fee. The row right below that, appeal cost
exceeding the appeals fee, that's what the applicant would pay. You'll see
it's a deposit, and we charge time and materials so we ensure that we
recover the costs.

Mayor Burt: One sec, just to follow up. As I'm thinking this through, if we
went through a process and either our Staff, depending on whether it's a
ministerial approval or a Board or Commission approval, and there was an
appeal made, say, by a member of the public, it would mean that, at that
point in time, our Staff believed that they followed procedures correctly or
our Board or Commission had followed them correctly. Two outcomes could
happen. One is that the appeal was approved and overturned whatever
determination was made by Staff or the Board or Commission. In that case,
the Council would have determined that we made errors. We, either at a
Staff level or at a Board or Commission level, approved something that we
should not have. Reasonable disagreement, but still that's basically the
process that would occur. I'm trying to think in my mind, if that occurs, why
in that case should the appellant bear a cost if they were determined to be
right and we were wrong. On the other hand, if it's the Applicant who
prevailed, why should the applicant bear a significant fee if they had
followed everything correctly, and member of the public challenged, and it
was determined that that appeal was wrong. I guess this is more of a policy
question. I'm still kind of trying to hear from Staff the rationale for why it
would be as it was proposed. I think that's something that I'd like to hear
more from my Colleagues, their thoughts on. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just really wanted to follow up. That next row on
Page 97 says appeal to City Council , and the full cost is $6,900. Are you
saying the appeal to Council is apportionment of the $280 or is that ...

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for your patience. We're looking at this together,
trying to piece back what we were thinking back in the day. Reading this,


                                                                        Page 21 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
