                         TRANSCRIPT
what is being proposed and look at how this is going to evolve into some
sort of solution that is not going to submit more and more residential areas
to commercial and other parking. Again, if we have to move forward, I
would recommend that Crescent Park be declared a resident-only parking
zone, but I really think the Council needs to look at this overall problem
again in a way that can avoid the kind of complex unmanageable,
unenforceable sort of solution that's being proposed. Thank you for your
attention.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Herb Borock to be followed by Wynn
Furth. I think if anyone else wants to speak that they give a card now.

Herb Borock: Thank you. I'd like to start by thanking Mayor Burt for stating
with specificity from the dais the nature of his conflict. I believe that all
conflicted members and conflicted Staff members should have stated their
conflict with specificity rather than relying upon a summary in a
memorandum from the City Attorney. It's not just Crescent Park but all of
the areas that are proposed to be made eligible or annexed should be given
that opportunity of having a resident-only parking permit area, because
none of those areas had employee parking in them prior to the
establishment of this program. The 2,000 permits that are suggested being
issued are admitted in the Staff Report to be more permits than the number
that have been issued already, so it would be an increase of the number of
permits. The total number that you should be going for is what the total
number has been. If you decide to allow employee parking in the added
areas, Staff has created a system with zoning that forces you to increase the
number of permits for employees. Whether you start with 2,000 or whether
you start with a smaller number which was the number that was actually
used and asked for, Staff's proposal with zones tells you that you have to
increase it and make more permits available for employees. You should be
moving in the opposite direction, having less. If you're going to be adding
areas, it shouldn't be in a way that adds more permits for employees.
Residents are allowed to have four permits per residence. They should
really be limited to the number of cars that are registered at that residence.
That's how you should determine who gets a resident permit. The guidelines
should not be able to be changed by Staff. The Council should have the only
authority to change the guidelines. In the stakeholders meeting that was
referred to, only one resident attended. Essentially it's become a group that
whoever stays the longest and goes to the most meetings gets to make a
decision. I don't think that it really is representative when only one of the
resident members was there. In the interest of time, I had additional
comments in my letter. My letter is contained on the one with the three-
hole punch where John Morris' email is the first page and then are two pages
of my letter. Thank you.
                                                                       Page 90 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
