                            TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Yeah. I don't know what the exact number is, but there's a little
amount ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's a little bit ...

Mr. Lait: ... for shared spaces and so forth.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That would still hook them into needing a conditional
use permit. You could do that and then you could also impose the conditions
of the TDM, if you wanted to. Is that correct?

Ms. Silver: Yes. I think you would want to look at how much of a TDM
reduction is necessary for the 700 square feet addition in your hypothetical.

Vice Mayor Scharff:      In Palo Alto, I think as much as possible given the
traffic conditions.

Mr. Lait: We also have the site and design (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Back to the technical questions. I didn't see any
electric charging in there. Is there any electric charging in there? Maybe
there is; I just didn't fine it. There's five.

Mr. Lait: Yeah. It's on Sheet A0.3. There's identification of five spaces, and
actually it continues, another 18 spaces along El Camino.

Male: Conduit.

Mr. Lait: That's the conduit. Thank you. Five spaces (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's five actual spaces. Is that correct? Those
would be open to the residents that live there. Any resident could use it; it
wouldn't be a designated resident spot.

Mr. Lait: Right. A part of taking advantage of the parking reduction is that
this is a shared parking program, so these spaces would be shared.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I just wanted a little more clarification on that.
These are going to be condominiums. When you sell the condominiums, you
won't be selling a parking spot. The parking spaces will all be common area
and then will they be assigned to people? How is that going to work, just so
I understand the shared space and how that all works?

Ms. Gerhardt: For the residential units, there would be one reserved space
per unit and then a second unreserved space would be available.


                                                                       Page 28 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
