                        TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Simone Nixon to be followed by—actually we had one more
speaker, Herb Borock.

Simone Nixon: Thank you, Council Members. I'm a resident of Palo Alto. I
recognize the need to preserve the groundwater. My comment is about
geotechnical evaluation. Lack of evidence for any effect on neighboring
properties makes it, in my opinion, unfair to impose very expensive
requirements for homeowners who have already budgeted their building
expenses and they have already submitted their plans to the Building
Department. I hope that you consider our particular case as well. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Herb Borock.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members. Council Member Kniss
asked about the item that Staff handed out at places and whether the public
had adequate notice. That is similar to an update of the item near the end
of the Staff Report at packet pages 803 and 804. The public has had
adequate notice. Council Member Filseth had asked about the history of
that. That is in the memos from Staff Reports from 2008 when there was an
item to the Planning and Transportation Commission that said that the item
was no action. It was just a Study Session. How you place something on
the Agenda tells you what happens. Council had received concerns and had
a meeting on May 12th, 2008 and asked Staff to bring information to the
Planning and Transportation Commission. There was an update report on
June 9th, 2008 that included information from the time in 2004 which is
when the EIP Associates report was done. Another interesting thing about
the 2008 report to the Council—those of you who are new on the Council
may not remember some of the names, but 2008 was when there was a
transition of City Managers. One had announced his retirement and was
leaving. The current City Manager was about to come on board. It has Bob
Morris and Glen Roberts signing off on that. Both involved with the cutting
down of the trees on California Avenue. It has former Deputy City Managers
Steve Emslie and Kelly Morariu, and none of those people are here now.
One of the things that has changed is that the residents have sought expert
opinion about what is going on to indicate with substantial evidence that
their conclusions are different from the EIP Associates and from the City
Staff. Another thing that has changed is that in 1989 when we established
floor area ratios, what the public and the Council were concerned about was
both mass and density as seen above ground. They didn't look at other
environmental issues such as parking, even overnight. Until 1985, overnight
parking was prohibited for virtually anybody in R-1 zones. In 1899 to
include something that could turn into essentially an extended family or a
two-family home in an R-1 district, those environmental issues weren't
                                                                    Page 51 of 125
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 2/1/16
