                          TRANSCRIPT

Action Items

7b.   (Former Agenda Item 6) Approval of Amendment to Table of
      Organization by Adding 1.0 Management Analyst in the Development
      Services Department.

Mayor Burt: Now we will take up Item 7b. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When we go through the budgeting process, when we
do it every year, we go very carefully over whenever we add positions. I
think this should at the very least be vetted by Finance. Hopefully we don't
have to spend a lot of time on it tonight. I'm going to move that we refer it
to Finance Committee, and that they vet it, and it come back.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to refer this Agenda Item to the Finance Committee.

Mayor Burt: That's a motion to refer to Finance made by Vice Mayor
Scharff, seconded by Council Member Holman. Did you want to speak
further to your motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt:    Did you want to speak to your second?        Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I met with the Assistant City Manager on this item
earlier this afternoon. I think, again we're going into Phase 2 of the
Business Registry. As part of that process, we identified that we would need
additional resources to staff that. It starts in March. We just got this memo
here at places. I'm scanning it, but there was a work study done to look at
the Development Center. There's an additional, I think, half a head to
support the Business Registry and then a high volume of other activity
where I think current Staff are operating above capacity. I would urge that
we resolve this quickly so that we can get Phase 2 of the Business Registry
launched in time. If there's a way to get that to Finance quickly and back to
Council.

Mayor Burt: Mr. City Manager.



                                                                       Page 12 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
