                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Now my macro comments. We have a terribly
broken process. It's one that pits neighbors against neighbors. We see it on
both sides. Some neighbors say they feel pressured to sign it, and then
others say they feel pressured to reverse or there was pressure to reverse.
Everybody on all sides, I think, agrees or feels like neighbors are influencing
neighbors in undue ways. That's not a good thing for our community.
That's not a good thing for neighborhoods. That creates too much kind of
adversarial tension between neighbors. I think that's because we have this
process where we as a City say to folks in the neighborhood, "Take a
petition and take it around to your neighborhood to collect signatures." I
think the City needs to play a larger role of regulating the election or
overseeing the election and creating an opportunity for neighbors in the
privacy of their own home to be able to decide what decision they want to
make on such an important decision. This isn't a small thing. Neighbors
shouldn't feel pressured at a neighborhood block party, because a friend of
theirs that they've known for decades shows up on their front door and
someone who they've known for a long time, their kids might have played
together, who might have done favors for them in the past. From my
neighborhood where I grew up in Palo Alto, that would be the case. I know
some people might feel like that's not the case, but I know that if I had
some neighbors that came to my door where I grew up in Crescent Park and
said, "I really feel strongly about this," all those things would come into play
with how I would respond. I think residents should get the opportunity to
respond in private. I also have concerns frankly about the fact that it's just
one homeowner that needs to sign it, and the fact that there isn't something
there that says that there needs to be a conversation between the two
homeowners or more before they make a decision. I think that just is a bad
process point. I think we need to change this process. I would be okay with
delaying this until we improve the process. I don't think we need to reject
it. One question I had was in the Staff Report it says if we reject it that it
can't be brought back until a year after May 25th, 2017. Was that supposed
to be May 25th, 2016?

Ms. French:     I believe it's a year from the time the Planning and
Transportation Commission recommended denial.

Council Member Berman: They could not bring it back until May 25th, 2017?

Ms. French: If you rejected the application, in other words denied the
application, then they can reapply, but they have to wait.

Council Member Berman: Until May 25th, 2017? For my colleagues, the
Staff Report says it can't be until a year after May 25th, 2017. That is not
correct. Do you see what I’m saying? Thank you. It's one year, so it would

                                                                         Page 60 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
