                          TRANSCRIPT
B.    The person requesting an Appeal or a Director’s Hearing will pay $280;
      and

C.    Neighborhood preservation zone should not have a fee; and

D.    The City should continue to subsidize childcare centers at the current
      rate.

Mayor Burt: Wish to speak to your Motion more?

Council Member DuBois:      Yeah.   First, I would ask Staff if the intention is
clear.

Ms. Gitelman: The neighborhood preservation fee, if the Motion would just
recommend omitting that. The Fee Schedule is ...

Council Member DuBois: I think that the wording could be shifted to similar
to the SSO, that it's a City function.

Ms. Gitelman: Happy to do that or omit it. When we bring back the next
Fee Schedule adjustment potentially with the budget, we can clarify what
that is. I apologize. We just don't do any of them, so I don't really know
what it involves.

Council Member DuBois: Just to speak to it a little bit. First of all, you've
heard our intention that having some fee for filing an appeal or a director's
hearing makes sense, but not wanting to have it be too egregious. If it's
spurious, Staff can deal with it quickly and just say this is a spurious appeal.
On the neighborhood preservation zone, the recent number of SSOs we got,
I think several of those neighborhoods would have preferred more of a
neighborhood preservation zone, but we don't make it easy to do. I think
the City would be better off if we had a way to do that, to allow essentially
second stories as long as they're in context with the neighborhood. I think
we've spoken already on childcare.

Mayor Burt: I would like to add one amendment. Actually, I have two,             but
one first that is some form of inflation adjuster. Before doing that, let        me
ask the Staff. I think the more accurate one would be one tied to                our
General Fund wage scale increases. A simpler way would be to tie it to           the
CPI. Maybe tying to the CPI would be the better route.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Burt, for that suggestion. We're happy to
investigate how to do that. I'm just not sure we can do it on the fly this
evening. I think we would want to talk to our colleagues in ASD, figure out
what they would recommend, and then I think we would potentially have to

                                                                          Page 29 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
