                        TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Finally, our existing zoning is R-2 and RM-15, but we're
getting—was it 14 lots at 6,000 square feet or thereabouts and two at
5,000? How does this differ from R-1 zoning? Is this ...

Mr. Ah Sing: The R-1 standard is 6,000 square feet minimum. The
minimum dimensions would be 60 feet wide by 100 feet deep. You've got
two of the lots that are less than 6,000 square feet, and then some of the
other lots have dimensions of less than 60 feet or less than 100 feet.

Mayor Burt: The configuration, a number of the lots are different, but the
number of units is basically R-1.

Mr. Ah Sing: Yes.

Mayor Burt: We've had a real active participation by neighbors in Barron
Park, the single-family homes, which borders one side of this development.
We have two other sides that are multifamily. Was there any participation
from those neighbors as well?

Mr. Ah Sing: We did invite the stakeholders as well as we had the wider
community meeting where people showed up. There was ample opportunity
for people to speak.

Mayor Burt: My question was the participation as opposed to what you're
saying is the opportunity.

Mr. Ah Sing: There were a number of people that showed up. There was a
more focused participation during the neighborhood leaders meeting. For
the community meeting, we had probably 50 or 60 people that showed up.

Mayor Burt: My question was whether we had the participation from
multifamily neighbors.

Mr. Ah Sing: I'm trying to recall. I don't really know if people identified
themselves. They kind of said their addresses maybe, but it was kind of
hard to tell if the multifamily was necessarily represented that way.

Public Hearing opened at 10:09 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now we have a public comment period. First, we'll
open the Public Hearing. We have both five speakers who want to share and
                                                                    Page 81 of 116
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 6/20/16
