                           TRANSCRIPT
Manager recognize that. If we took advantage of mobile tech and some of
the easy, simple ways to do that, that would just have enormous utility for
us.

Council Member DuBois: That's a good example. It sounds like it would be
a negotiation. If we're going to use a third-party expense reporting solution,
even though it's built into ERP, we don't want to pay for it, so give us a
lower price.

Mr. Reichental: Exactly.

Council Member Dubois: I guess one thing hopefully is part of the RFP is
really focusing on data connectivity. If you have all these different systems,
if there's a way to make sure you have one copy of data, we don't have
different versions of the same data in different systems or you're rekeying
data, seems like that's going to be the trick of tying together a bunch of
third-party things.

Mr. Reichental: It is. Thank you for raising that. You're talking about a
concept that used to be known as data warehousing, where you take data
from disparate systems and you try to put them in a place that you can just
report off of, and you've got one single source of truth. Today it's called
business intelligence, the same sort of thing.         We have a business
intelligence solution at the City today, but it was very narrowly architected.
We're in the process of improving that and upgrading it such that as we get
disparate services we will dump the data from the systems into our BI
systems, and it'll become a single source of truth that we can then report
against. That's how you solve that problem, but you've got to architect it
right.

Council Member DuBois: I like the ASP focus. I think a lot of benefits there.
I think in one of the reports I read it listed a downside as well. If the
internet goes down, then we can't access this stuff. I think it's a good
tradeoff. My two cents. Obviously I think we should demand a very high
level SLA like any large business would. The other thing, it sounds like it'd
be great to see a speedy transition. Sounds like we'll be running two
systems for a while, and it's going to be expensive running this archaic SAP
system in parallel. My last question. On Consent, we're being asked for
$250,000 to define our needs and start to evaluate vendors. How does that
amount compare for a purchase of this type? It seems like a lot.

Mr. Reichental: I believe it's the right price, but it includes a lot. It's
building the entire needs of all the different departments I talked about in a
document that's usable. That's hard work, eliciting our existing processes,
documenting those. It's going out to market with several RFPs. It's
                                                                          Page 8 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
