                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'd certainly want to say out loud in public that I
think the Peerys have been extremely generous in other areas of the City as
well. We're fortunate. Thanks so much.

Mr. Hopkins: Thank you.

Council Member Kniss:     Thank you for heading up this effort as well.             I
appreciate it.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. I have a few follow-up comments that I'd like to
make. One is that not everyone on the dais is equally familiar with the
history of public-private partnerships in our community and benefactor
donations. Going back to the creation of the Lucie Stern Community Center,
that was one that was a private donation and would not have existed
otherwise and one of the great community treasures that we have. We had
a number of great contributions made way back in the '30s. More recently
we had the Williams House that is our American Heritage Museum. We have
the Gamble Gardens, which were donated. We think about these community
treasures. Without these generous contributions, we would be a really
outstanding community with great services, but these gems just wouldn't
exist. More recently, we had a prolonged period where there wasn't funding
available for new infrastructure. There really wasn't even funding that was
being spent adequately to maintain our existing infrastructure. The only
way that we have had modernization and improvements until very recently
has been through public-private partnerships.          We had the outdoor
Children's Theatre, which was probably the first one of a series, and then the
Children's Library, the Heritage Park Playground, the Art Center and most
recently the Magical Bridge Playground. When we think of what makes our
community really treasured by Palo Altans and frankly people from
surrounding communities, it's these gems. I put this in that context. Even
for inflation-adjusted dollars, I believe this is the largest project of a
nonprofit essentially contribution to the City since the 1930s. I think we
really need to recognize how great of an effort this has been and what an
asset it'll be to our community. As a result, I really favor us bending over
backwards to try to help in any way we can. This could have been
something that was proposed as a 50/50 public-private cost, and it's not.
We're having this incredible contribution from donors. It's in that context,
when I look at things like the parking lot. Frankly, I didn't even know
whether there were any funds from the fundraising for the parking lot. I
would have been open to consideration of the City incurring that entire
expense, because it's really something that's well overdue in and of itself,
really independent of this project, long overdue.        When we expanded
significantly the Children's Library, not only didn't we expand parking, we
didn't do anything to redesign the lot to make it more efficient, for instance.
                                                                         Page 24 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
