                           TRANSCRIPT
goal. I think the Plan makes a legitimate case that we can get to 80 percent
in a reasonable timeframe. I think we should adopt that. I think we should
talk about 2030. Let me give an outlier argument. I actually think we could
do 80 percent much faster than 2030. We could do it next year. Ban all gas
cars in Palo Alto tonight. That would do it. We would never do that,
because the community won't accept it. The point is what the community is
willing to accept and when is it a critical element of any successful plan. I
think Gil's trying to get that in his list of decision criteria. The question isn't
can we achieve 80/30; it's is there a reasonable chance to achieve 80/30 in
such a way that the community will accept it.               That's a much more
complicated question. I don't think what we have in the plan yet gives us
enough information to adopt that. At least, I don't feel that as a manager. I
understand people saying it doesn't matter if we hit it or not. I think it does
matter if we hit it or not. I don't understand what we'd be signing the
community up to if we did that tonight. The 80 percent, yes. 2030, I'm a
little ... There's another issue here. I worry a little bit that if we have a
formal City target of 80/30 even as an aspirational one, it might get used as
leverage to try to impose programs on the community that the community
actually might not want. We risk people saying we need to do this in order
to meet 80/30, never mind whether the community wants it or it fits in the
Comp. Plan or whether it complies with Gil's list of decision criteria and so
forth. I worry a little bit about that. I think we should consider those two
may not necessarily have to be joined at the hip. Relation to the Comp. Plan
is mandatory. Finally, you asked about where to focus and maybe this fits in
the five year plans and so forth. I think some of these things—we could pick
of the lowest hanging fruit programs and go execute them now. I'd like to
see us do that. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think the comments made by Council Member
Filseth just once again show the wisdom of our community in electing him to
Council.     I agree with pretty much everything that you said, if not
everything. I think 80 by '30, I think we could get there. In principle, I
support that. I do have similar concerns—I won't repeat everything that
was just said since I just said I agree with it. I do want to stress, though,
that if it's a goal, does it box us in a corner, if it's a goal as opposed to a
mandate? 80 by '30 is a goal, but we also have Guiding Principles, most of
which I certainly support as well and the same with design principles and
decision criteria. Staff's done a really amazing job in bringing—this is a lot
of information to bring forward. You've done a good job in that. That said,
also some of the things that I have real concerns about that aren't in here
leave real gaps for me.         Council Member Filseth, again as we were
exchanging comments earlier, reminded me that the impact of new
                                                                            Page 49 of 93
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 4/18/16
