                            TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I'm open to other suggestions. I just threw that
out there as a starting point. If anybody else has some other thoughts.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. If I can also, while you guys are deliberating, suggest
that we were going to come back with this on the next Ordinance, not this
one. The Citywide Ordinance, we were going to try to address the hours of
operation. If you're asking us to do that here, then we can make that
happen too. It's just that it's a different focus. That would apply across the
entire City versus just this area.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “require the hours of operation be a
minimum of 6 hours a day and 5 days per week for Retail Use.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Holman:          Medical office size limitations.      Another
amendment would be to—I don't know what the right square footage is
here—limit the size of medical office to—I'll throw it out—3,000 square feet.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't you have Staff come back with proposals
because it only applies to SOFA II anyway?

Council Member Holman: Staff to come back with a recommendation for
limitation on medical office size.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return with a
recommendation on medical office size.”

Council Member Holman: In the Downtown, clarify the Code ...

Mayor Burt:    I'm sorry.   That needs to be accepted by the maker and
seconder.

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry. I thought he did by changing it. Did
you accept that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let's clarify. Right now, the way the Motion is written
in the Downtown core, it doesn't change the rules on medical office. This
applies to SOFA. Is medical office a permitted use in SOFA?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought it was. Direct Staff to come back with a
medical office size in SOFA, that would be accepted.
                                                                       Page 93 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
