                          TRANSCRIPT
precious water is, what a shortage there is, especially if you're meeting in
Arizona and you have people there who are also from Nevada, where they
really feel this and are, I think, further ahead in their planning and their
conservation efforts than we are. As we look at this, primarily we're looking
at the recycled water aspect of this. Would you agree? We're looking more
at that and what our connection will be with Mountain View and so forth at
this point. Obviously Mountain View is making a big investment, and they
want to make sure that they get the water back that they have negotiated
for. I'm far more interested in how we're going to get to this long-term
issue of supplying water. Mentioned at this conference was there were just
three ways to get water back. One is to conserve; one is to recycle; and the
last one is to use this new system of purification or however else we may
characterize it. Within this, I'm hearing that. I'm concerned that I'm not
hearing a long-term plan for what we may drink in 10 or 20 or 30 years. Do
you see that inherent in this, Phil, as well?

Mr. Bobel: We see addressing that in this thing we're calling the Strategic
Plan about a year from now after we put these components together. We
see addressing it, though, in a stepwise function. In other words, it's not an
either/or thing. Are we going to use recycled water for irrigation or are we
going to drink it? We hope to not tee it up for you in that way, rather as a
stepwise series of actions that we would take. We're already reusing it for
irrigation. Should we expand that? Should we treat it to a level that allows
us to increase the quality of the recycled water? Also tees this up for
producing purified water in the future. What we hope to give you is a
package of steps that make sense, that don't predetermine the outcome, but
continue to have us move down a variety of paths so we can make choices
in the future. Many of these won't be mutually exclusive. We'll do different
things. We'll be reusing this recycled water. We may be recharging the
groundwater. We'll undoubtedly be using storm water in new ways. We
may be using groundwater in new ways. Onsite, we may be using gray
water and even black water in new ways. What we're going to try to give
you is a plan that shows us moving out on all those fronts, since none of us
are smart enough to see is there just one choice for us down the road or are
there multiple choices. We can't even answer that. We just want to keep all
options open and keep doing the research. When you ask us, "Are you
looking into this or that," we don't have to say, "No, we're not looking into
that." We can say in good conscience, "We're exploring all of these, and
we're going to bring you back a Strategic Plan that shows our activity on all
those fronts."

Council Member Kniss: As someone said regarding Hetch Hetchy, probably
in the future we should just be drinking Hetch Hetchy and not watering our
lawns with it and not bathing with it. It really is so valuable. I think at this
                                                                         Page 62 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
