                         TRANSCRIPT
of the Amarillo-Moreno Avenue, Bryant Street update, Louis Road-Montrose
Avenue and Ross Road Bicycle Boulevard projects.

Mayor Burt: We have before us the Staff recommendation.         Do we have
either discussion or a Motion? Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A couple of questions please. We didn't talk about
vertical signage, in other words not signage on the pavement but vertical
signage. How much vertical signage is being proposed here? Can you
review that for us just quickly? That's also been a concern.

Mr. Mello: I think the majority of the additional signage would be associated
with new intersection configurations, where we're adding roundabouts. The
raised intersection may need some warning signage initially to get people to
adapt to using the intersection. The 2012 Bicycle Plan actually recommends
wayfinding signage along the bike boulevard network. The recommendation
in the Bike Plan is to use purple signage similar to what's on the Castilleja
Bike Boulevard as you head south from Churchill Avenue. However, PABAC
has expressed concerned continually around the use of purpose and actually
prefers the green and white wayfinding signage that's found on some of our
other corridors like Wilkie Way.

Council Member Holman: How frequent are those?

Mr. Mello: Those are at the major decision points, so at the beginning of a
bike boulevard and then when you are passing cross-streets that are other
bike boulevards or had significant destinations along the cross-street.
Bryant and Churchill, for example, would have wayfinding signage to direct
people down Churchill.

Council Member Holman: We're not talking every so many feet along each
block face, which has been previously—okay.

Mr. Mello: No.

Council Member Holman: Parking removal at roundabouts, especially at
California, as was mentioned here. How many parking places are being
removed there? That area is the topic of a lot of conversation, especially
given the uses at the church causing a great demand. How many spaces is
that being removed?

Mr. Louch: I believe that a space is being—eight total spaces, I believe, are
being removed there. That's based from each corner approximately. From
each side of each corner.


                                                                      Page 46 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
