                         TRANSCRIPT
wade in on tonight. The first is the potential fifth scenario on the EIR. The
second is the schedule and topics of the Citizen Advisory Committee and City
Council meetings. I'd suggest that we break those up. We're now at 9:25.
To reserve a half an hour to discuss the schedule; it may not take us a half
an hour, but try to budget the next hour or so for the scenario discussion,
and then leave a bit of time at the end to separately discuss the scheduling.
I see the first Council Member is Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Is this comments and motions?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Schmid: I want to thank everybody for coming and talking.
It's an extremely important night, because in a way it defines the debate
that we're engaging in and where it goes forward. I think the data given is
very important. The one that jumps out at me is Slide 11. It says we now
have a 3:1 ratio of jobs to employed residents, one of the highest in the
country and dramatically higher than our neighbors in Santa Clara County or
even in San Francisco. It hasn't always been that way. Actually the number
from 1990, the 2010 jumped quite dramatically. I think the consequences
are clear. Traffic, parking, density, cost of housing, I guess we've heard
tonight, but it's very clear from the Citizen Survey that these are issues that
are becoming more and more prominent and tricky. How do we grapple with
them in dealing with them? Does changing the ratio of jobs to housing
make a difference? I guess one of the things the data shows pretty clear is
Palo Alto's ratio of employed residents to households has been constant for a
while and remains very similar to Santa Clara County and our neighbors.
We are not in a unique position of having a declining number of workers per
household. I think it is clear that the commute is a problem, the 3:1 ratio.
We are in a narrow strip of land. People can only come from the north and
the south. It leads to congestion on both 280 and 101; the data shows are
dramatically congested. The congestion in town is increasing. Again the
data from the DEIR show congested streets in town. As a matter of fact, in
the work we have done on 2555 Park and the recent Page Mill, traffic studies
show that there's a number of other intersections around town that are not
covered by the DEIR, that are or will be operating a "F" shortly. It seems to
me that the clear message from the data is that we need to have a scenario
with lower job creation. There was a mention that it's hard to go beneath
what we have, because the Stanford health project has already been
approved. I think it's easy to set that aside. That has its own Traffic Impact
Analysis and Program. For the rest of the City, it would be important and
effective, I think, to put a cap or ceiling on. I think that should be in
proportion to what the Council has been working on. Over the last year,
we've taken three important commercial areas and capped them at 50,000
                                                                         Page 44 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
