                          TRANSCRIPT
Barbara Shurfro: Hi, good evening. I'm Barbara Shurfro. My husband and I
have lived in Palo Alto for 30 years. I'm very short, so I'm having trouble
getting the microphone down there. Is it working?

Council Member Schmid: yes.

Ms. Shurfro: We've lived in Palo Alto for 30 years. We've lived in the 900
block of Addison for 18 years. The 900 block of Addison is unusual. There
are many very deep lots. There are many flag lots. There are many lots
with two homes. Many multigenerational families. We don't have enough
parking as it is, but we manage. I can't imagine the change in the quality of
life if it suddenly became a parking lot for Downtown. I'm very concerned
about what I'm hearing. I understand we need parking for Downtown, but
I'm terribly concerned about the hardship for the families on our street if it
suddenly becomes parking for commercial vehicles Downtown. I would like
to speak in support of the proposal for the Crescent Park neighborhood. I
think that it's also very difficult for people to come speak this late at night.
It's difficult the way that the program has been implemented, sort of
encroaching street by street, section by section. It's hard for people to get
together and really communicate and come up with a different plan. I think
you may not have received as much input from the community as would be
helpful. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you, and thank everyone for staying late
and helping us out. Hillary, do you want to respond to any ...

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Schmid. If we could just
respond to a few questions that were raised in the course of that, we'll try
and be as succinct as possible.

Ms. Atkinson: To Eileen's point, the walking distance from Downtown was
not determined from a single point. The Downtown core is not a point.
What we did was mapped all of the commercial properties within Downtown.
It forms kind of an "L" shape almost with the SOFA District, and then did a
quarter mile walking radius and a half mile walking radius. We presented
that at the December 14th meeting. That's still available in the Council
packet from the December 14th meeting. It's not looking at a single point
and doing a walking distance straight from that point. It's more the very
oddly shaped nature of the commercial core and doing then an oddly shaped
quarter-mile and half-mile radius from that. To the point of if streets
outside of Zone 10 would be added to the existing Downtown RPP District or
if they would be new, as proposed this is the full boundary for the Downtown
RPP District. The petitions that have been received outside of that district
would be considered after March 31st along with any other petitions for new

                                                                         Page 94 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
