                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I'm just trying to understand. On the side
streets, you've proposed allowing medical office. Is that a change from what
exists? Are we just saying leave the side streets with the same definitions
they currently have?

Ms. Eisberg: Right now, in the GF District, office uses are not permitted.
Things like business services are included and financial services, but medical
office is not a permitted use in the GF. Elsewhere in Downtown and other
parts of the CD District, offices are permitted, but not in the GF boundary.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let me just translate a little bit so I understand it.
What you're telling me is that on the ground-floor—that's the GF—we don't
currently allow medical offices in the Downtown.

Ms. Eisberg: Right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are you proposing that we do allow it?

Ms. Eisberg: It is an option. It's something that was discussed at the
previous Council hearing. That's what we're looking for your feedback on.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are there any other changes besides the—that's the one
that jumped out at me, that we don't currently allow on the side streets.
That is proposed as a possibility in the Staff Report? When I say you, I don't
really mean—don't take it that way.

Ms. Eisberg: That's fine. I'm looking at the ground-floor district. Under
permitted uses, we've got eating and drinking, hotels. Personal services are
a permitted use currently. We're talking about just allowing those on the
side streets that we discussed. Travel agencies are listed as a permitted
use. We haven't really identified that one way or another. That's maybe
something between a retail and an office use.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's currently allowed, right?

Ms. Eisberg: It's currently permitted in the GF as well as lobby entrances to
non-ground-floor uses. There's currently a series of conditionally permitted
uses in the GF District. Under the Urgency Ordinance, the conditional uses
have been suspended. Right now, they're not permitted. Those include,
once that Urgency Ordinance expires, business or trade schools, commercial
recreations—the yoga studios—daycares, financial services, general business
services.


                                                                       Page 61 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
