                          TRANSCRIPT
give them the opportunity to be part of the process. That could come back
then with the second reading of the ordinance.

Council Member DuBois: That's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part G, “direct Staff to return
with a Resolution to” and remove Part B.

Council Member DuBois: I guess the one thing I'm not sure is if we pass the
ordinance tonight, isn't that in conflict with some of these things?

Ms. Silver: No, it wouldn't because the ordinance makes a very small
change to the process for eligibility areas. The bulk of the policy decisions
that you're making are really in the resolution.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member Wolbach, do you want to speak to
your second?

Council Member Wolbach: Actually before I defend it wholeheartedly, let me
ask if we might want to make a couple of friendly changes to this. Council
Member DuBois, would you be comfortable with also directing Staff to come
back for the areas in the blue, the eligible areas, for them to be given a
three-part choice, so that those blocks would be able to choose do they want
the College Terrace or the Downtown style or no or do we want to just leave
it as is?

Council Member DuBois: I'm essentially proposing that the ordinance says
they can opt out or opt in. Then I'm saying we start with zero employee
decals in those areas, so that's effectively College Terrace but without calling
it that. Then we figure out the number that we would sell.

Ms. Gitelman: Can I just ask a question about that? I mean ...

Council Member Wolbach: Please.

Ms. Gitelman: ... I think you saw on the map that we showed that we're
proposing to allocate a certain number of spaces or permits, like 50 in one
case, 60 in another, to those streets that would be annexing in. If we zero
out those streets, we would really have to take those permits and move
them to other zones within the core.

Council Member DuBois: I think it's tied to the dailies, so it's kind of when
you come back with the daily plan, we decide.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you.
                                                                        Page 109 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
