                          TRANSCRIPT
Pedestrians waiting to cross at that crosswalk cannot tell if a motorist is
going straight or if they're taking the ramp to go to Alma Street. This
concept would actually create a dedicated right turn-lane where drivers
could decelerate, check the crosswalk. Pedestrians would actually know that
they were turning right, because they would be in the designated right turn-
lane. The driver could proceed across the crosswalk when it was clear.
Moving on to Concept Plan 2. I'll go through this one a lot quicker, because
there's a lot of elements that are very similar. The big differences in this
one is that instead of two one-way cycle tracks on the north and south side,
we have one two-way cycle track. Bicycles would be riding in both directions
on the area that's shown in a dark gray there. It would be on the south
side, coming from Stanford on the south side of the El Camino intersection.
You would still have the raised crosswalk as you cross the turn lane that
comes off El Camino northbound. Another major difference in this concept is
that we're adding a dedicated right turn-lane for motor vehicles. Going
westbound approaching El Camino Real, there would be a dedicated right
turn-lane. If you remember earlier when we looked at the traffic data, one
of the biggest issues that we noted out here is there's a large number of
pedestrians crossing on the north leg. There's also a large number of motor
vehicles turning right at the same time. By creating a dedicated right turn-
lane, you get those right-turning vehicles out of the through-lane that's
going into Stanford. They can then stop and allow pedestrians to cross
without delaying cars that are in the through-lane just to their left. This
concept also includes a dedicated bicycle lane between the right turn-lane
and the through-lane that would connect directly to the existing bicycle lane
going westbound on Galvez into the Stanford campus. Moving down,
eastbound towards the underpass. The two-way cycle track continues on
the south side until it reaches the existing pedestrian crossing, and then the
two-way bikeway crosses over to the north side of Embarcadero and goes
through the underpass on the north side. This concept includes a dedicated
right turn-lane for the Town and Country driveway as well. We also noticed
a high right-turn volume at that driveway as well. This also gets motor
vehicles that are turning into the shopping center, right into the shopping
center, out of the through-lane and frees up that through-lane for people
moving towards El Camino. On the other side of the underpass, the two-
way cycle track continues on the north side, and it ties directly into the stub
end of Kingsley Avenue, which connects to the Bryant Street Bike Boulevard.
Folks on the Bryant Street Bike Boulevard would have a two-way connection
directly into Stanford. They might experience a little bit of delay while
they're waiting to cross Embarcadero at that signalized crosswalk in front of
Trader Joe's. Other than that, it's a fairly seamless bikeway connection from
Bryant Street into the Stanford campus and connecting to the Stanford
Perimeter Trail. One element that's also included in both concepts is a
switchback stairway that would bring you up to the Caltrain path. If you're
                                                                        Page 61 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
