                          TRANSCRIPT
period. They used that as the baseline, assuming a full project, and then
asked how many jobs or people would be added and came to about 30
percent. That was the difference between R&D use, manufacturing use and
office use. You got a 30 percent increase. If you look at parking places,
there were 536 parking places at the old site. There will be 887 at the new.
That's an increase of about 65 percent. It's not 30 percent; it's 65 percent,
twice as high. Why? You go back and look at why are they doing this
project. Part of the reason they're doing the project, it was underparked
and, therefore, wasn't returning the economic rate it could. Remember the
Facebook. When Facebook came in, they used the parking lots, and then
they filled up College Terrace. Part of the issue here is let's cut off College
Terrace. Let's park this fully. Parking it fully means that the Page Mill side
gets twice the estimate that you have been making. There's a decided
underestimate of the traffic created. Next stage was to go to the ITE. How
do you measure trip generation? You use the ITE. I tried to go to the
manual. They said, "You can get the manual. You but it $900, $1,000." I
said, "No thanks. I'll look at the ITE Journal." They say, "You can get an
article out of there for $5 each." I guess looked at one of them and that was
enough. What does the ITE Manual—how do they get their rates of usage?
Everything is based on the ITE Manual. I looked through the internet.
Spent an afternoon, a day, looked at the internet. Who uses the ITE? How
effective is it? It's funny. The usage ends up showing the type of urban
environment that it's most useful and tends to give good results. Bend,
Oregon, Dover, New Hampshire, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, South
Daytona Beach, Cary, North Carolina, Sioux City, Sugarland. Are these
places like Palo Alto? Are they good measures of what's going on? I finally
found someone who says here's the data that comes out of it, here's how
they do their estimates. About 5,000 examples collected over the last 40
years, primarily suburban areas. There are some examples of mixed-use
areas. Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles, Sutter Street in San Francisco.
They were looking specifically at mixed-use areas, and the data fits in well
there. What is the spectrum of data that comes out of the ITE Manual?
They get 11 trips per 1,000 square feet for office space. The range on their
experience is from 3.6 to 28.8, standard deviation of 6. Where does our
Research Park fit in compared to those types of communities that are using
it effectively? As one academic concluded, careful with these numbers, they
are only estimates. If you have any questions or doubt, do your own and
check on them. Where do I end up? I'm saying I find it hard to make an
informed judgment on the traffic model used here. I would find it hard to
use the same model on the million square feet that will be coming to us in
the future. Traffic is an issue. Dudek has told us there are at least six
major intersections in the middle of our town that cumulative impacts will be
at "F" in a few years. I don't think I have enough information to reach a
conclusion on the traffic analysis on this and moving ahead. I would like
                                                                         Page 75 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
