                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I think we're going to have to limit it to two minutes per
speaker. If people can prepare on that basis. Our first speaker is Ben
Lerner, to be followed by Jessica Clark. Welcome.

Ben Lerner: Thank you for letting me speak. The Draft EIR of the Comp
Plan describes four scenarios for future growth in Palo Alto and analyzes
them as to their impacts on traffic congestion, air quality and other factors
that affect our quality of life. Unfortunately, a study of these scenarios has
shown them to have an adverse impact on Palo Alto's neighborhoods despite
the mitigations they propose. We need a new scenario, and thank you for
being open to that tonight. One that puts Palo Alto's neighborhoods first and
prioritizes improving Palo Alto as a community for families and seniors with a
high quality of life, excellent schools and parks, and so on. To that end, our
new scenario should promote the following: minimal job growth; no housing
growth beyond the ABAG-mandated Housing Element. The housing we add
should be built for working families and low-income people, not for high-
income executives and tech yuppies for which we have a lot of housing
already. We should eliminate the need for commuters to park in residential
neighborhoods. Let's develop a new scenario that improves the lives of our
residents. As a final thought, I heard earlier tonight that you're open to
engaging the consultants again. If you'll be engaging them, I'd like to
suggest that you ask them to design a scenario that has no net adverse
impacts. It'd be very useful to you guys on Council and to us residents to
know what that would be. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I should add that we try to discourage both
clapping and cheering as well as booing, because both things, especially the
booing, can intimidate folks. Even the clapping and cheering can intimidate
speakers. We want everybody to feel comfortable in expressing their
opinions. Our next speaker is Jessica Clark, to be followed by Elizabeth
Snyder. Welcome.

Jessica Clark: I had three minutes typed out, so it's going to get cut off.
Here I go. My name is Jessica Clark, and I'm one of three generations living
in Palo Alto, and I'm raising the fourth. I'm a licensed daycare provider, and
my husband is a hospital respiratory therapist. My family is part of the Palo
Alto fabric. I'm here tonight because the lack of housing options in Palo Alto
has forced my family into crisis. Last month, our rent was raised 20
percent, nearly a $1,000 increase for our three-bedroom rental, making it
impossible for our family of five to remain here long term. Over the years,
we have been lucky to have housing here, and yet our housing instability
has steadily increased. Although we have a short-term compromise with our
landlord, realistically there's nowhere left for us to go when the clock runs
out. Many people respond to my situation and say, "Why don't you and your
                                                                        Page 31 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
