                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: I'm quite confident that if that shows it not extending all the way
across, it's an error. We'll correct that error.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor
Burt to approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration, the Mitigation and
Monitoring Program, and the Record of Land Use approving the Site and
Design Review and Architectural Review application for the new dewatering
facility at the Regional Water Quality Control Plant and add a review of
landscaping on the South side of the facility to be consistent with the
Baylands Master Plan.

Mayor Burt: We have no more lights. Please vote on the board. That
passes unanimously with Vice Mayor Scharff absent and Council Member
Holman absent. Thank you.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

8.    Resolution 9580 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Continuing the Palo Alto Clean Local Energy Accessible Now
      (CLEAN) Program and Decreasing the Contract Rate: (1) for Solar
      Resources to 8.9c/kWh to 9.0c/kWh, and (2) for Non-Solar Renewable
      Energy Resources to 8.1c/kWh to 8.2c/kWh; and Amending Associated
      Program Eligibility Rules and Power Purchase Agreement Accordingly
      (Continued From March 21, 2016).”

Mayor Burt: We will now proceed to what was Item Number 8 which is a
Finance Committee recommendation to adopt a Resolution continuing the
Palo Alto Clean Local Energy Accessible Now program and decreasing the
contract rate for solar resources to 8.9 cents per kilowatt hour to 9.0 cents,
and, two, for non-solar, renewable energy resources to 8.1 to 8.2 cents, and
amending associated program eligibility rules and Power Purchase
Agreement accordingly. Ms. Ratchye, are you going to kick things off?

Jane Ratchye, Utilities Department, Assistant Director: Yes, I am. Mayor
and members of the Council, Jane Ratchye, Assistant Director of Utilities. I
have a brief presentation. I know you want to get to your discussion.
There's people here with comments. I think you have a copy of the
presentation.     I'm proposing maybe skipping some of the background
section, if that's acceptable, unless someone would like me to go through
that part.    I'm going to skip that part and get to what the Finance
Committee recommended unanimously for the local solar part, that the
CLEAN contract price be reduced to the avoided cost which is 8.9 cents per
kilowatt hour for a 20-year contract term and nine cents per kilowatt hour
for a 25-year contract term. This chart shows generally the changes over
time in the avoided cost of local solar. In the past, the Council has identified
                                                                          Page 52 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
