                          TRANSCRIPT
preventative of things, and we're not taking advantage of this opportunity to
evaluate a lot of different opportunities. Then have a discussion about what
those impacts will be. I think this is okay with where it's going. I'm glad we
avoided talking about having certain growth projections from the different
scenarios, because I wouldn't have supported that. Vice Mayor Scharff, you
talked about our ABAG numbers and how much of a frenzy we get in over
them. You sent out something; I looked for it earlier, and I couldn't find it.
Was it that Palo Alto had something like 2,000 units in our last ABAG
allocation, right?

Vice Mayor Scharff: 1,850.

Council Member Berman: 1,850 from 2007 to 2014 or something like that.
Do you remember what percentage we actually built? I think it was 34. .

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, that's about right.

Council Member Berman: I could be wrong. 34 percent, 35 percent ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Mountain View and Sunnyvale built about 101, 104
percent. Somebody did point out to me that in the previous cycle, we built a
lot.

Council Member Berman:         Let's take a look at the jobs to employed
residents ratio and look at when things get bad. It's when we don't build the
housing. That historical context would be helpful, seeing units of housing
built every five years or so. It doesn't need to be annually. Let's not restrict
ourselves to what we're able to look at and dream big about with this
process. Maybe we wind up getting to a point where we decide we just can't
accommodate that amount of housing. I think now is the time to try to see
what's possible. Along those lines, I'd like to offer an amendment—no I'll
offer it. It's essentially the opposite of "six." It's evaluating relaxing
regulations if mitigation measure are hit, are accomplished.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll accept that.

Council Member Berman: If we do happen to achieve the gains that we're
looking to achieve, I think we should acknowledge that and may reevaluate
certain things. This is all obviously hypothetical, but I think it's something
that we should consider. I don't know if the seconder accepts it.

Council Member DuBois:       Can you talk a little bit about how that would
work?



                                                                          Page 55 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
