                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I understand what a term sheet is. Why is it a
term sheet as opposed to a letter of intention that might include some of
these? I'm just curious. I don't have a criticism one way or the other.

Mr. Keene: Number 1, these could effectively be the same thing. The real
point of this coming to the Council is to inform the Council and the
community about the status of where we are. We wouldn't come to the
Council to enter into a letter of intent with the Council. We're coming here
to get the Council's midstream direction to continue on the path where we
are. We're laying out the sort of things that will ultimately be in the
contract. This a little bit of a departure for us. Given the intense interest in
the project, we thought it would be good to come and share where we were
with the Council.

Council Member Holman: Don't disagree with that. I was thinking a letter
of intention with Pets in Need, of course not the City with the City.

Mr. Keene: I know that, yeah.

Council Member Holman: Last question. There's nothing mentioned in the
term sheet about the expectation of what hours and days. I don't mean to
get into the weeds on this, but that's been such a huge issue with the
community, with access, that the shelter hasn't been open on weekends.
What's been discussed about that or is there anything you can offer on that?
Maybe the Pets in Need spokesperson would like to respond to that.
Through the Mayor, if that's okay?

Mr. Alaee: Would you like to respond, Al?

Mr. Mollica: Sure. We're open seven days a week for adoptions. We would
envision having the same kind of structure eventually, maybe not right
away. We did envision having the same kind of structure in Palo Alto. Right
now we're open 12:00 P.M.-5:00 P.M., 12:00 P.M.-6:00 P.M., seven days a
week. That's the kind of structure we would have in Palo Alto as well.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I just have two follow-up questions, really probably for Al. In
this case, whoever can answer it best. Are the rates that are currently
charged at the Redwood City facility roughly similar to what we have been
charging at our animal shelter?

Mr. Mollica: In terms of adoption fees or ...

Mayor Burt: Just for services, various services that are provided.

                                                                        Page 46 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
