                           TRANSCRIPT
one-pager, Ten Reasons to Support the Arts. You'll see each of the points I
am making are highlighted on there as well. What's something else we think
about all the time in our communities? Education. We're all worried about
academic performance and how are our young people doing. There's an
abundance of research that shows when the arts are part of a student's
education, they're performing better academically, better standardized test
scores, better grade point averages, lower dropout rates, even better
attitudes about community service. We're always thinking about citizen
engagement with our young people now, and the research also shows those
are findings that cut across all socioeconomic strata. This isn't just kind of a
more affluent neighborhood type of phenomenon.                    In low income
communities and Title I schools, those kids—in fact, you can see an even
greater benefit in those communities and schools with the kids who are
engaged in the arts. Interestingly, the U.S. Department of Justice every ten
years kind of takes a measure of how much arts education is out in the
schools. They've seen over the last couple of decades kind of a steady
decline. In those low-income communities and Title I schools, they've seen
a huge drop-off actually. I think we saw that with a lot of high stakes
testing and failing schools, all that type of thing, to the point where the
Secretary of Education called this a civil rights issue. Who's getting access
to arts and arts education and who's not? It's just the research is clear what
a terrific jumping off point that is for our students. What does some of this
look like? It's great to be in the Stanford area, because this is an anecdote I
take all over the place. In 2003, the Nobel Prize winner for medicine was a
local guy, Thomas Sudhof. When the reporters called, one of the questions
that inevitably they ask is, "Professor, who was your most influential
teacher?" Without missing a beat figuratively and literally, he said, "I owe it
all to my bassoon teacher." He credits his music education with giving him
the skills that have made him a great scientist. Drive for excellence, pattern
recognition, the iterative research process, perseverance, all skills that he
learned as a musician really helped shape him as a scientist. When we think
this is just sort of a one-and-done example, there's actually research on
every Nobel Prize winner in the sciences going back to the beginning. They
are 17 times more likely to be actively engaged in the arts as a maker, as a
singer, as a visual artist than typical scientists in different scientific societies.
I think there really is something there. Let me just sort of finish with one
more here. I worked in medical research. I've got a theater background, an
arts background. I also have a medical research background and worked at
Stanford and worked down at the Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation
down in La Jolla. When I worked at Scripps, every Tuesday at 3:00 we used
to have live chamber music in the lobby for patients, for families. At the
time, I thought that's a nice amenity to go with the sculptures and
everything else. The patients that I would see clinically in their rooms,
lethargic, depressed. Let's face it, even if you have a view of the ocean, no
                                                                              Page 4 of 125
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                         Transcript: 2/1/16
