                          TRANSCRIPT
organization that's really been a partnership with the City for such a long
period of time. I'll be supporting the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'll be supporting the Motion as well and won't
dive into too many of the comments that colleagues have already made. I
do want to give kudos to Staff. When this issue first came up, we were all
worried that there would be a budget gap, and we were all nervous about
Foothill leaving. I think the fact that Staff really got on this early, got the
RFP out early and did a lot of the leg work early means that you guys can
execute a lot of these new lease agreements as soon as possible. We don't
have the six month lag time that we anticipated and the budget gap, if I
recall correctly, that both the City and the School District would have had to
cover. This is not only saving the City money, but this is saving the School
District money, which just further exemplifies the collaboration that
Cubberley is between the City and the School District. I agree with the
members of the public that we desperately need to get moving on a Master
Plan and a community needs assessment for that part of town. I'm sure
we'll do that. The fact that these lease agreements are only for a couple of
years gives us that good target timeline for maybe by that time we can
actually have a plan for the future of the Cubberley, and that being a flexible
future that can meet the needs of the School District if those needs arise. I
remember one of my first meetings on Council was the community meeting
with the School District on Cubberley. I had a lot of questions about their
student population projections. I was just a new Council Member, so I didn't
push too hard. Their projections didn't make sense to me then. We're
realizing that our school-age population is going down in Palo Alto. Let's not
let Cubberley languish for another two decades to wait until the school-age
population goes back up. I'm eager to see that project move forward. Let
me see if I had any other. In regards to the subsidized lease for Avenidas, I
agree with my colleagues who have discussed the benefit that Avenidas
provides. This is also a unique situation, I think. Avenidas is redeveloping
their home. They need a spot to land for a year and a half, I think it is. We
happen to be in a place due to luck that that space is available. We already
pushed Avenidas to increase their rent by 33 percent from the $0.75 a
month that they wanted to the $1 a month that we're requesting. I think
that both parties are doing their bit. Avenidas does more than their bit in
the services they provide to the region and to our seniors. I'm glad that just
by happenstance we're able to provide a place for them to continue to
operate during their construction.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.


                                                                        Page 31 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
