                          TRANSCRIPT
      Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Adopting a
      Gas Rate Increase of 8 Percent and Amending Utility Rate Schedules
      G-1, G-1-G, G-2, G-2-G, G-3, G-3-G, G-10, & G-10-G;” Resolution
      9597 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Adopting Refuse Rate Changes Including a 7 Percent Decrease and Up
      to a 9 Percent Increase and Amending Utility Rate Schedule R-1, and
      Consolidating Utility Rate Schedules R-2 & R-3 Into a new Utility Rate
      Schedule Designated R-C;” Resolution 9598 Entitled, “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedule D-1 to
      Increase Storm Drain Rates 3.2 Percent per Month per Equivalent
      Residential Unit for FY 2017;” Resolution 9599 Entitled, “Resolution of
      the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving the FY 2017 Wastewater
      Collection Utility Financial Plan;” Resolution 9600 Entitled, “Resolution
      of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Adopting a Wastewater Collection
      Fee Increase of 9 Percent & Amending Utility Rate Schedules S-1, S-6,
      and S-7;” Resolution 9601 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Approving the FY 2017 Water Utility Financial Plan;”
      Resolution 9602 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Adopting a Water Rate Increase of 6 Percent and Amending Utility
      Rate Schedules W-1, W-2, W-3, W-4, & W-7;” Resolution 9603
      Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending
      Salary Schedules for the Utilities Management Professional Association
      of Palo Alto (UMPAPA), the Service Employees International Union
      (SEIU), and the International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF).”

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a public hearing and Proposition 218 hearing
basically on our Fiscal Year 2017 budget. This public hearing has certain
formalities that we need to follow. I'll read from a script on this to make
sure this is done correctly. First, tonight we will consider adoption of the
ordinance adopting the budget for Fiscal Year 2017. The budget hearing will
be combined with the public hearings on the proposed rate increases that
are subject to Proposition 218. Does the Staff have a presentation on this?

James Keene, City Manager: Yes, we do, Mr. Mayor. Should we proceed?
We'll proceed. If I might make a couple of introductory comments and then
turn it over to our (Chief Financial Officer)CFO, Lalo Perez, and our (Office of
Management and Budget) OMB Director. Kiely is here. A couple of things.
First of all, thanks to the Finance Committee for your work in a series of
meetings and in-depth review of, I think, certainly the main issues and
themes in this year's budget. The good news is that we're in a good
economy, as you know. That means that the revenue stream that we have
is good, and you'll see actually some refinements to our estimates for next
year's revenues that do come in handy. That being said, we also know that
the good economy generates a lot of demands on our City and our
                                                                              Page 9 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
