                         TRANSCRIPT
solutions. It's kind of an overlay. My concern on interim measures would be
part of the parking lot as well.

Council Member Holman: Thanks for the clarification.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. Mayor Burt, can I just offer one clarification before
you move on? I just want to make sure that we're all on the same page
when it comes to these retail projects we've identified. When the urgency
ordinance was passed, the Council requested that we prioritize the California
Avenue area, which we did. We adopted an ordinance related to ground-
floor retail in the California Avenue area. What you see in Project Number
32 were just some follow-up items that the Council had at that time when
they adopted that ordinance. There are a few follow-up things related to the
feasibility of retail on Cambridge and parking requirements for restaurants
on Cal. Ave. Those are the things that needed a consultant report. We've
reprioritized that money with the Finance Committee for RPP districts. One
other note. When we did our Code cleanup ordinance at the beginning of
this year, I guess it was the 2015 ordinance that got adopted in January.
There were some cleanup items related to the CN and CS zoning on El
Camino. We've done a little bit of cleanup when it comes to El Camino.
What you're seeing reflected in this chart is our next priority is Downtown.
We're not working on it as fast as we hoped we would, but we intend to
work on Downtown and get that done by the time the urgency ordinance
expires. What you're seeing is we probably, with the resources we have,
can't do more than that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I misunderstood. We've actually got the retail
ordinance in place in Cal. Ave.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The only question is—I actually would argue that we
probably don't need to do a retail feasibility on Cambridge, so we don't need
to hire a consultant to do that. It's extra work that I think would be almost
zero priority. I'd put that little piece in the parking lot, so we can discuss
whether or not to drop that.

Mayor Burt: I think from a Staff workload standpoint, we need to look at
whether if we don't have kind of interim measures to look at hardship cases,
are we going to end up spending a lot more Staff and Council time dealing
with those on appeals and petitions and all those things, including potential
legal ramifications versus figuring out a way to be able to contend with some
of those. That's a consideration. Council Member DuBois.
                                                                       Page 64 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
