                          TRANSCRIPT
the functions of the ARB is to help Council and the public work through
issues, see alternate viewpoints and interpretations, see what the language
of the Code is used by professionals. I was just stunned to see there are no
Minutes. It makes it very difficult to—I know over the last couple of years
there's been a lot of negotiation back and forth between the ARB and the
Council. I would think that the Minutes of their discussions would be very
helpful in seeing how they are interpreting the language of the Code and
how they want the public and the Council to do it. I had no notion of that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Talk about music to my ears. I was coming back on
a plane today, and I had lots of time to read the Minutes. This is what the
Minutes look like. Truly everyone, I know it's our fault, but I think it's
absolutely dependent on this Council to change this back. We don't have
Minutes any more. Most of you don't go listen to the verbatim; I know you
don't. I realize it's not quite a question, Mayor Burt. I'll make it a question.
Why does this look like this?

Mayor Burt: Can I just interject that we have processes by which we can
address this. Just so that those who are using this process to...

Council Member Kniss: Get frustrated.

Mayor Burt: ...look at policies around Minutes, this isn't the right place, but
there are places. We can have a Colleagues Memo. We are looking to
schedule an upcoming Committee as a Whole where we would be looking at
kind of a broader range of policy questions. Let's make sure that we channel
these concerns through just the right mechanism.

Council Member Kniss: Let me turn that into a question then. At the end of
that meeting, we had a Substitute Motion which failed. I'm not even sure
what the discussion was that caused it to fail. Do either of you remember
that? Either Staff member.

Mr. Lait: You're looking at the City Council Minutes from December 7, and
you're asking about the last amendment. That last amendment—there was
a ton of amendments. Which one are you looking for?

Council Member Kniss: I won't perseverate on it, because clearly it is out of
the realm of a question. Anticipate that I will bring a Colleagues Memo forth
that we can go back to having Minutes that really do make a difference, so
that when you're reading them and you don't happen to be where you're at
a computer and can pull up the Minutes, you're not completely stymied.

                                                                          Page 13 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
