                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: It'd probably be helpful if we had an approximate range if we
signalized Alma and then had a tunnel or overpass on the tracks. That's one
thought. On the lower portion from Greer to 101, it's referred to as
constrained. On the north side there—I'll call it the north side—we have
another one of our substations and, I think, an open space there. What are
the constraints on that segment?

Mr. Mello: On the 101 end?

Mayor Burt: From Greer to 101.

Mr. Knowles: Really the only constraint, Mayor, is just the seasonal access
of it. Just not having full access year round. There's also a vertical height
constraint underneath 101; it's about 7 1/2 ...

Mayor Burt: I didn't mean the getting under 101. I meant from Greer to
101. That's listed as constrained.

Mr. Knowles: Only the seasonal access, that's the constraint.

Mayor Burt: I get it. You're not saying there's a physical limitation.

Mr. Knowles: Not a physical, more of an operational constraint.

Mayor Burt: As far as the value of the grade separation at approximately
Loma Verde, is this something that is being looked at as principally a south
Palo Alto to west Palo Alto connection? I know we have our Margarita to
Matadero up to the Bol Park Path that you mentioned. Is there any
consideration of the value to Stanford Research Park because the Bol Park
Path essentially also connects right there?

Mr. Mello: I think you include the Bol Park Path, and you have a Baylands to
Arastradero/Foothill Corridor. I think there's a value for the entire south
side of the City as well as the southwest quadrant. I think VTA also
recognizes that this is a regional barrier and that it'll help people get from
the San Francisco Bay Trail across the Caltrain and Alma Corridor and serve
as more of a regional connection as well.

Mayor Burt: I had always thought of this—this goes back to when Council
Member Holman and I were on the Planning Commission, and we strongly
supported a south Palo Alto grade separation for bike and ped. I had always

                                                                        Page 32 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
