                          TRANSCRIPT
Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have three
speakers. Our first speaker is Meghan Yaya [phonetic]. I just want to be
clear to folks that Oral Communications are for items that are not otherwise
on the Agenda, and that the Council is not allowed to discuss these items
because they have not been agendized for the general public. I don't see
Ms. Yaya. Our next speaker is Venkat Dokiparthi. Welcome.

Venkat Dokiparthi: Respected Council Members, I'm interested in Royal
Manor single story overlay topic that is coming up for next week. There is a
lot of interest in the community about this topic. It is scheduled currently at
9:30 P.M.; it goes up to 10:45. My only request is to change the time to
early because there is a lot of interest in the topic and a lot of people are
planning to attend. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Sea Reddy. Welcome.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, Mr. Mayor and Council Members and Palo Alto
citizens. On February 9th, that was a rainy day, 2016, I was near El Camino
Real and Wells Fargo Bank, near California Avenue. I was coming out of the
bank, and I saw some activity going on, some fire department people and a
few others standing there. There was one person who seemed to have fallen
down or something was going on. They were finishing the triage. I stood
there and quietly asked one of the fire—the person that was attending—they
were not attending; they were standing there for whoever was injured,
taken care of. I asked him what happened, and they wouldn't answer me. I
asked him again what happened; they wouldn't answer me. Then they
asked me, "Who are you?" I gave him my card; I had one of my cards, and
I gave it to them. They refused to tell me, and then I say, "What's your
name?" I got a little aggravated. I'm a local resident, especially College
Terrace, and I thought I could understand what is going on. Nothing to
prevent their work and all that. Anyway, then about a minute or so later,
the policeman attending nearby or watching this whole thing comes by and
asks me, with a little heavy-handedness that I need to leave. I left. I was
on my way to Stanford, and I called the Chief of Police, Burns. Surprisingly
the phone number I had on my cell phone, I was able to—he answered the
phone right away.       That was a big surprise.      We exchanged some
information, and he promised me to look into it. I happened to speak with
him yesterday, after a month, month and a half. I brought this up to a
couple of people. We resolved it to my satisfaction. Chief Burns has a great
team. I want to thank him, commend him for being open and wanting to
review the material. He did review the videotape. He was able to see all the
audio communication part of it. I'm happy that it happened and he was able

                                                                           Page 5 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
