                         TRANSCRIPT
the technology and system of the existing system, apparently there was just
very little demand. I have two questions. This is going to cost us $1 million
to do this. One is what evidence do we have—what's our best evidence that
there really is going to be demand for this if we do it this way and we have
the less point to point? Second is, is there any way to test this without
spending $1 million?

Mr. Mello: The answer to the first question is the feasibility study that was
completed by the consultant on behalf of SamTrans looked in great detail at
similar suburban communities across the United States.

Council Member Filseth: But not in Palo Alto?

Mr. Mello: No. Similar suburban communities across the United States that
have a very similar built environment, density and have existing bike share
systems in operation. That's actually how the system size of 350 was
determined. They looked at varying sizes. They looked at whether it's
better to spread everything out or have a very small service area and not
have as many bikes and stations. What they determined was our ideal
system is 350 bicycles in order to get to, I think, 100,000 trips per year, is
what they estimated. That's based on the numbers from similar suburban
communities. The answer to your second question is no. Unfortunately,
bike share is like transit. You have to have a pretty complete network for
people to actually start using it. You can't just run a bus for a couple of
blocks and then complain that nobody is using it because it's just not a
feasible mode of transportation. Bike share really needs to be in places
people want to go. Unfortunately, you have to roll out a pretty dense,
substantial system in order to truly test whether it's going to work.

Council Member Filseth: If we get out here two years from now and our
average bike utilization is 0.18 trips per bike per day, are we committed to
buying the next 350 bikes and so forth?

Mr. Mello: The existing system was funded by Air Quality Management
District funds. It was a pilot. The City of Palo Alto did not purchase any of
the capital. There was nobody really keeping an eye on the system to
ensure that it was performing well. There's also a title sponsor that is
coming on board, Ford Motor Company. They're going to sponsor the entire
Bay Area Bike Share System. I think when you have a sponsor's eyes on a
the system, you're going to have communities with financial interests in the
performance of the system. I think you're going to see the marketing
efforts greatly increased. You're going to see a bigger push for ridership and
expanding memberships.


                                                                       Page 79 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
