                          TRANSCRIPT
affordable housing projects. I don't know if you would like me to wait or I
can …

Mayor Burt: Go ahead, and we can continue discussion.

Council Member DuBois:      I would move the Staff and Finance Committee
recommendation.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to:

A.    Adopt an Ordinance updating the City’s Below Market Rate (BMR)
      Housing Program by repealing Municipal Code Section 16.47 (non-
      residential projects) and 18.14 (residential projects) and adding a new
      Section 16.65 (Citywide Affordable Housing Requirements); and

B.    Adopt an Ordinance establishing housing impact fees and housing in-
      lieu fees for residential, nonresidential, and mixed use developments;
      and

C.    Find these actions exempt from the California Environmental Quality
      Act (CEQA) per Sections 15378(b)(4), 15305 and 15601(b)(3) of the
      State CEQA Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: That's a Motion by Council Member DuBois, seconded by
Council Member Holman. Would you like to speak further to your Motion?

Council Member DuBois: No. I think I just did.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Yes, thank you. Thank you for the Motion, Council
Member DuBois. I would argue that—I don't remember who it was, so it's
certainly not personal—this isn't anti-business message that we're sending.
It's actually a message we're sending that we're serious about creating
housing. For housing fees of $50 a square foot, it's a very small portion, a
very small percentage, of what housing units sell for in this community.
There are any number of other things that are in place in Palo Alto now that
make housing more expensive that we could act on. I won't go through a
litany of those now, but there are many other things that we could do. As to
affordable housing projects, this Council just recently talked about its
willingness to do specific zoning for affordable housing projects or even to go
back to having PCs if they were for all affordable housing projects. I don't
think this Council is sending a message that's it's anti-housing. I don't think
                                                                         Page 62 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
