                          TRANSCRIPT
walking from High Street, from Emerson Street on the north side of
Embarcadero, currently you have to climb up a dirt path up an embankment
or you have to walk way out of your way to the end of the ramp and then
back up the ramp. This would provide a stairway that would bring you
directly up to the path that leads to the Caltrain station and the Homer
tunnel northbound. You could also head south to Churchill along that path.
That concludes our presentation on the two alternatives. I've also posted
the alternatives on the wall, if you want to take a closer look. With that,
we're open to any questions or comments that you may have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I saw Commissioner Waldfogel here. Is he here
representing the Planning Commission?

Mr. Mello: Yes, we have Commissioner Waldfogel from the Planning and
Transportation Commission. We also have Robert Neff from PABAC in
attendance this evening.

Mayor Burt:    Commissioner Waldfogel, were there any comments you
wanted to add?

Asher Waldfogel, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: Thank you.
Commissioner Waldfogel from Planning Commission.           We had a pretty
thorough analysis of these two proposals at the Planning Commission. I
think a long discussion about it. The advantages for cyclists in Option 1 to
us outweighed the advantages for vehicle traffic in Option 2, just the
improvements that we could provide, given the goals that were stated and
also given some of the constraints that we didn't talk about, basically budget
constraints and land use constraints. We can't grab additional space for
roadway. If we could, then we could probably come up with an Option 3 or
4. Given the constraints, given the objectives, we had a very strong
sentiment around Option 1.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Mr. Neff, did the PABAC have any additional
comments?

Robert Neff, Palo Alto Bicycle and Pedestrian Advisory Committee (PABAC):
Thank you. I guess the one thing I would point out—I think when we first
looked at this, we looked at the bike lane that was in the street in
Alternative 2. Those of us on PABAC who are vehicular cyclists and have
been bicycling in the street forever, said, "That'll be fine. It's no problem at
all riding right in between two lanes of busy traffic on Embarcadero Road."
When we reconsidered it in September, we thought about not everyone has
been bicycling in the streets so long. New bicyclists want to be separated;
they prefer that. Having the two separated bike lanes on the normal side of
the street seemed like it would appeal to a lot more bicyclists.
                                                                         Page 62 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
