                           TRANSCRIPT
group should worry about, is—we all look at PAUSD and say obviously
schools. That's at the top of everybody's priority list in Palo Alto, is raising
kids. If we start making exceptions for one group, there's a lot of deserving
groups around. Are we going down a slope that we don't want to go down?

Council Member Kniss: This is part of State law, you said.

Council Member Filseth: I think that from a practical perspective if we say it
can only be bought by the employees but not by the School District, then the
unintended consequence is likely to be that sort of the School District
contorts itself to make sure that the employees buy the permits or
something like that. I would be a little bit worried about that. Are you guys
thinking about that?

Council Member Schmid: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I guess I view the public school system as a
different entity than almost any other entity. I don't think we should prefer
whether the employee buys it or the School District buys it for the
employee. I think if they want to buy it for the employees, that's a nice
benefit. Again, whether it's for the teacher or for the aide, I'm not sure
that's really for us. I think it's really just a question of do we view our public
schools as a different entity than anything else?

Council Member Wolbach: In that case ...

Council Member Filseth: I think that's a good description.

Council Member Wolbach: In that case, if we're going to leave it open to be
either way as was presumed previously, then I guess we've got some good
news the next time you and I go to the City/School Liaison Committee. I
guess we can leave it.

Council Member DuBois: Should we clarify it?

Council Member Wolbach: It sounds like you guys want to leave it open to
whether it's the School District or the employee directly and not make that
differentiation at this point. I'll just say that's something I'm going to want
to revisit just for budgetary reasons and fairness reasons. I might be
convinced that's a great idea in the long term, but I'm willing to go with it
for now (crosstalk).

Council Member Filseth:        I think I lean a little bit towards Tom's
interpretation and the worry that if we say it's one but not the other, then
the School District will just reorganize itself to game the system. I think I

                                                                           Page 60 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/23/16
