                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: A process issue.

Mayor Burt: That's a midnight one.

Vice Mayor Scharff: A process issue. Don't we have to finish with the
amendment to the Motion and have a vote on that before we go on to
dealing with the rest (crosstalk)?

Mayor Burt: I was wanting to just make use of our time. Since we've not
changed anything out of there, it didn't do any harm. Jonathan, do you
have the language sorted, do you think?

Mr. Lait: Yeah (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: If you need more time, Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm actually not sure that we're going the right
way when it comes to 2C. I think a lot of people have their mikes on. If you
can't hear me, that's probably why. I think with 2C we need to do one of
two things. We either need to strike it or we need to define compatible in
clearer terms. I think this is much too broad and leaves much too open to
subjectivity. Subjectivity could lead to approval of buildings that some
people are frustrated with. It could lead to blocking of buildings that others
think totally meet everything else. I think it undermines the whole intent of
this endeavor. I'm open to either, either saying we approve it with that one
pulled out and have Staff come back with a definition. We offer a definition
tonight if somebody can think of one. I can't. Or we just leave it out. I'm
tempted to leave it out, because I think that 2B and 2D actually pretty much
address what 2C is trying to address. I won't be supporting the amendment
because I actually think we should move in the opposite direction.

Mayor Burt: We now have the language that's before us. Are we good with
this? Vice Mayor Scharff?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Mayor Burt and Staff, maybe you could give me an
example of California Avenue and Downtown how we would apply this and
what it would look like. What would be the implications of putting this in?
I'm thinking that we just have—I'm looking at Cal. Ave., and I'm saying to
myself, "There are a few places where there are really small, narrow
buildings basically. There are other places where buildings go for a block."
What does this mean in terms of—does it mean when this comes before us,
if it's next to a small building but down the street there's a large one—what
does this mean to people? What are you trying to achieve here? I'm not
sure—what are we getting? I guess those are the questions. I'm really
asking Mayor Burt and Staff.
                                                                      Page 106 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
