                          TRANSCRIPT
uses in some of these other retail areas, but we allow more things. I also
think that, whether in the interim ordinance or the permanent one, the
intent of economic hardship shouldn't be that it requires total economic loss.
I don't think that was the intent. It's hardship, not elimination of revenue. I
think we need to give some better sense of what that intent was. Frankly,
the wording in the interim ordinance does capture it. Somehow maybe it's
being interpreted pretty strictly or overly strictly. On the Interim Ordinance,
first I'll say there's a couple of properties that are part of the SOFA II plan.
In SOFA II, it was a very deliberate process over a couple of years. It did a
good job, probably an imperfect job at the time. Now we've had some
morphing that's occurred, and it's probably even less perfect today than it
was when we adopted it. I have regrets over having allowed some of the old
retail on Homer between Emerson and Ramona to have been lost. One of
the problems with that retail is there's no off-street parking. That's one of
the real problems in SOFA for retail. That'll be one of the struggles as we
envision that SOFA has some intrinsic demand.                   It's a walkable
neighborhood and an extension to Downtown, but it doesn't have parking.
We'll have to struggle with that. On the interim Ordinance, we went through
a very deliberate process, and we did not say that all those buildings, if they
went to and from retail, would then have to be locked into retail. We
actually had that discussion in the SOFA conversation, of whether some of
these properties might move in and out of auto dealership or some other
thing. We thought that over time we'd see some evolution there. I don't
think it was the intent of SOFA II that these properties would be locked into
retail permanently. On the other hand, I don't want to see them be
office/R&D, which almost 20 years ago when we did the SOFA that wasn't
really happening. Now, that's the threat. It's a big part of why we've lost a
great deal of medical office. They've been squeezed out from us allowing
big office/R&D firms to be in the Downtown area in a way that, I think, an
objective reading of the current zoning does not allow it. I encourage
everyone to read carefully the zoning and the permissible uses for Stanford
Research Park where it specifically says that hardware and software R&D are
not only permitted uses, they're essentially key designated uses, for biotech
and all those different things. The Downtown deliberately does not include
that. It has general office, and it has definitions of that. I think we've had,
for whatever reason, a complete slide from what the verbiage says in our
Zoning Code versus how we're implementing it. That's got to be part of this
whole discussion about what goes where. That's not specifically retail, but if
we're talking about allowing properties to be exempt from a retail Ordinance,
I don't want them to go into that bucket. I think those hit my main points
on each of the areas. We're at a quarter to 11:00 P.M. I'm going to return
to Council Member Holman, but I think it would be much better for us to
attempt to agendize a meeting where we pick up on the discussions that
we've had here and then attempt to give real guidance to Staff on the
                                                                        Page 82 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
