                          TRANSCRIPT
under the impression that we are running a kill shelter. Am I correct? Let
me explain. The only problem with this statement is that Palo Alto already
operates a no-kill shelter. If you have any questions on that, the Lead
Animal Control Officer is right behind me. He can verify that. Unfortunately,
the City Manager's Office does not seem to recognize that fact. The bulk of
this proposal that's before you deals with turning Palo Alto Animal Services
into a no-kill shelter, which it already is. I believe that if you approve this
proposal as it's currently written, there will be actually an increase in the
death of Palo Alto animals. On Page 6, Paragraph 2, Section C of the
proposal is a troubling paragraph. It states that Pets in Need and the City
Staff will mutually draft policies and procedures that may limit the intake of
animals for the purposes of improving animal care and to achieve a no-kill
shelter. That's scary to me. There are three significant differences in the
way Pets in Need operates its Redwood City facility versus the way Palo Alto
Animal Services currently operates. It is these three differences that will
probably give us the best insight as to what future limits of animal intakes
will likely be. Palo Alto accepts surrendered animals; Pets in Need does not.
It's actually on their phone. The minute you call them if you have an animal
to surrender, take it to a local Humane Society. If Pets in Need negotiates a
no-surrender policy in their Palo Alto facility, it will result in an increase in
abandoned animals ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Can you wrap up?

Mr. Brady: ... some of which will be killed on our streets and highways. I'm
sorry. Was somebody interrupting?

Mayor Burt: Yes. I'm sorry. Your three minutes are up. If you can wrap
up.

Mr. Brady: I'll make it as quick as I can, but I have just a little bit longer.
Palo Alto also takes in a broad range of animals. Pets in Need takes in cats
and small dogs. If Pets in Need refuses to take in for instance rabbits,
they'll likely be dumped in the Baylands and become food for the wild gray
fox community that lives here. Palo Alto currently takes in and holds for
adoption any size or breed of dog. Pets in Need, as has been pointed out,
almost exclusively takes in Chihuahuas and small toy breeds. Out of the 31
dogs available for adoption this weekend at Pets in Need, only one was
larger than a Chihuahua.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Brady: If Pets in Need negotiates a limit on the intake of large dogs in
Palo Alto, large Palo Alto dogs that are picked up by our Animal Control

                                                                         Page 52 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
