                          TRANSCRIPT
of thing that anybody can just say, "I don't think it's compatible; therefore,
I'm not going to support the project"?

Ms. French: If I may. The Context Based Design Criteria and compatibility
requirements provide a wealth of good examples and specificity that can be
found for the majority of projects in town. Only certain zones do not have
the Context Based Design Criteria. Most of the zones that come before the
ARB do have (crosstalk).

Council Member Berman:       Is this where they've got the photos of this is
good and this is bad?

Ms. French: A lot of specifics.

Council Member Berman:        That really hardly covers all the different
possibilities. Therefore. If somebody proposes something that isn't
encapsulated in one of those photos, it's use is a reason not to support it or
am I not ...

Ms. French: If I may. Not a lot of photos there. There's specific criteria on
the articulation. Some of the things that the Council had proposed on
April 11th were drawn from the compatibility requirements from the SOFA II
guidelines. That's not applicable Citywide, but those have specificity. The
ARB understands that compatibility based on the Context Based Design
Criteria and compatibility (crosstalk).

Council Member Berman: Should that be footnoted here or somehow called
out in the Code? How is a homeowner to know? How's an architect to
know?

Mr. Lait: I think the expectation is that in making the Finding or rejecting
the Finding there would be some specifics that would be identified. It
wouldn't just be yes, it's compatible or no, it's compatible. It would be
supported by the reasons behind that. To get to your question, though, yes.
This has been probably one of the bigger challenges that we've had for a
number of the items that have become before the Council recently on
appeal, the issue of compatibility. It is a subjective criterion. You look to
what's adjacent, what's across the block, what's in the neighborhood. I think
it's maybe a little bit different for different people.       This is what we
understood to be responsive to the direction that we received from Council.
If there's an interest in modifying that, then we're certainly welcome to hear
that.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. There was a term that I wasn't
familiar with, which is integrated materials. Slide 7 says the word integrated
                                                                       Page 83 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
