                          TRANSCRIPT
our President. The League of Women Voters would like to support this
project. It is 2,000 people who are being housed. Unfortunately, it's not
2,000 units. It would be nice if we really had 2,000 units, but this is a
significant amount of people who will no longer be seeking housing in our
community in the mid-Peninsula area. Again, not all in Palo Alto, but house
them someplace and they're not seeking housing in our community. In
addition, we support the reduction in traffic through our community. It will
make a difference. It will be less with some very small numbers in one or
two intersections. In one part of the day, we actually get an increase, but
this is a decrease overall in traffic through our City and an improvement in
the air pollution situation that we have. I won't read the whole letter, but
please do move this forward positively.         It's a big difference for our
community.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return this to the Council. I guess,
perhaps if the Staff could comment on the one issue that Mr. Borock raised.
The letter that the City would provide to the County Planning Commission,
would it be as a Staff letter or would it have the weight of the City Council
and policy position?

Mr. Lait: Either way is fine; it's just logistics. We can prepare that for your
signature. Through the City Manager's Office, we can route that to you.

Mayor Burt: We'll hear Council Members' thoughts on that issue as well.
Colleagues, let's return for discussion of this item. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think it would be appropriate for the letter to come
from the Mayor. I think that's something that's good. I also think we should
take a supportive position of this right out the gate and say we support
Stanford on building these units, that it'll reduce traffic and will be a positive
for our community. With that, I'll move that we take a supportive position.
I assume other people can add ...

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Vice Mayor Scharff: ... amendments as they want.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
direct Staff to prepare a comment letter to Santa Clara County, for signature
by the Mayor, supporting the Stanford housing project.

Mayor Burt: That's Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council
Member Kniss. Would you wish to speak further to your Motion?



                                                                          Page 43 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 3/21/16
