                           TRANSCRIPT
Citizen Survey related to current City issues or initiatives, and I'll talk a little
about those at the end. Slide Number 8, this slide provides some key
demographics from the National Citizen Survey. One of the key points on
this is that this is a good reference point when you take into consideration
some of the information on the next slides and how the demographics may
affect how people respond. I pulled out some of the key ones in here just to
help put context to that. Slide Number 9, this is one of the slides that we
look at every year as the key quality of life questions that are in the National
Citizen Survey. There is a correction on this slide. Palo Alto as a place to
work for 2010 is 87 percent, not 84 percent. What I'm doing throughout
this presentation is comparing 2010 to 2015. I chose 2010 as a base year,
gives us five years of data, but primarily because some of the questions in
the Citizen Survey have changed over time, and that seemed to be a point
where I could get consistent information throughout for most of the
questions. That's why I chose that one. One of the things that is interesting
this year in the Citizen Survey, for several of these, this is the first time that
the ratings have fallen below 90 percent. Palo Alto as a place to raise
children, the overall quality of life, Palo Alto as a place to retire has always
been somewhat low, but this year it was the lowest rating since we began
conducting this survey, with only 52 percent of the respondents rating it as
excellent or good. Palo Alto as a place to live, even though it's still in the
90s, it is the lowest rating. 2013 also got 92 percent, but we have generally
rated higher than that as a place to live. Slide Number 10, this is where I
begin going through the slides based on the facets and linking the Citizen
Survey with the data in the Performance Report. For the built environment,
a couple of things to point out here.           Our capital expenditures have
fluctuated since 2010. They've increased 106 percent since then, but
they've been up and down in the years in-between. The Enterprise Fund
expenditures have gone down. They've been up and down a bit also, but
the key point is really how have we used some of those funds and what are
we doing to improve our built environment and the way we serve our
residents in doing so. One of the key things that Public Works has been
working on is trying to improve the quality of street conditions. We've
invested more money in maintenance and street repair since 2010. Actually
in the years in-between, it increased even more than the 22 percent that's
shown here. The result has been that the Pavement Condition Index has
improved from 73, which is the low end of good according to the
Metropolitan Transportation Commission's rating scale, to 79, which is just
below moving into excellent or very good. We've also decreased the number
of potholes that we repair annually from 3,100 to about 2,500. What's
notable about that is if your streets are in good condition, you're going to
have less potholes. Your target is really to get a good street Pavement
Condition Index so you can have a low number of potholes repaired. The
key point of that is that residents noticed. In the National Citizen Survey,
                                                                               Page 4 of 86
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 01/30/16
