                          TRANSCRIPT
to be on January 1st, 2019, but it should be at the latest January 1st, 2019.
I think this is really a kind of middle-of-the-road, kind of what's best for Palo
Alto approach to getting to that goal of $15 an hour by 2018. I know that
there are concerns about how quick the increases are. Sunnyvale is going
from $11 an hour to $15 an hour in 18 months. They were $11 an hour as
of July 1st, 2016, and they're going to be $15 an hour by January 1st, 2018.
This gets us to $15 an hour—it closes that gap from $11 an hour to $15 an
hour in 30 months. It's almost twice as long for the business community to
be able to adapt to these increases that are happening cross the region
anyhow. That takes the timeliness issue, the schedule—those are my
thoughts on that. We've heard a lot from some of the best restaurants we
have in Palo Alto and some of the nicest restaurants we have in Palo Alto
and some of the restaurants that I love going to on special occasions. We
haven't heard at all from a lot of the other restaurants in Palo Alto. I don't
know what the situation is in those restaurants. I don't know what the salad
maker at Pluto's makes. I don't know what the pizza maker at Pizza My
Heart makes. I don't know what the cashier at CVS or the stock boy at the
grocery store makes. I think we should make sure that we're not making
decisions on the minimum wage based on just the best restaurants in our
town. I think that clearly they have a different situation that is impacted by
State law. I think it's important that—I'll get to that aspect of this in a
second. Let's take into account larger than just the high end of one industry
in our community when we're deciding what the right minimum wage for
Palo Alto is. Speaking of the tips exemption, I think Council Member
Wolbach was actually very—eloquent is too nice of a word. You made good
points on your concerns. I don't know what impact changing State law
would have, because we haven't looked into it at all. Going back to Pizza My
Heart or Prolific Oven, where I love to go and get a salad, I always tip them
$1 when I pick up a salad, but I don't know how much they really make in
tips. I don't know how they'd be impacted if they were exempted from the
tipped worker exemption. We haven't had that analysis. We haven't heard
from all different sides about how a tipped worker exemption would impact
not the waiters at the best restaurants in town, but how it would impact the
pizza boy at Pizza My Heart or the person that makes my salad at Prolific
Oven. They don't take tips at Pluto's, so I can't include them in this. What I
would propose as a friendly amendment to the maker is to add onto the end
"and have the Policy and Services Committee evaluate the idea of a tipped
worker exemption and whether or not to advocate for that in Sacramento,"
so that we can actually have a conversation about it with all the different
parties that would be impacted and get a better understanding of how that
change in law would impact different people that work in different food
establishments. We've heard from one side, but there are a lot of different
instances where this would impact workers. It's something that I want to

                                                                         Page 88 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
