                          TRANSCRIPT
standard of cover is to be anywhere within the City of Palo Alto and Stanford
University within eight minutes 90 percent of the time that someone picks
up the phone and dials 9-1-1, and we answer that call. What we're about to
present to you are within that constraint, within our performance
constraints. Now I'm going to turn it—also in addition for questions, we also
have representatives from Public Works and Community Services. I'll turn it
over to Deputy Chief Blackshire for the presentation.

Geo Blackshire, Deputy Fire Chief: Good evening, Council. Deputy Chief
Blackshire of the Palo Alto Fire Department. Here we go. As you know,
we're rebuilding the Fire Station Number 3. Several years ago, there was a
study that went on and Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee (IBRC)
confirmed and made it a priority that we replace the building due to
extensive structural, Code and operational deficiencies. It is a priority on
the City's infrastructure priorities. This was a collaborative effort between
Fire, Public Works, Community Services and Planning. Initially, when we
talked about where we were going to put the temporary fire station, there
were six locations that were considered. Through collaboration we narrowed
it down to three locations. The locations are 2000 Geng Road, 1142 and
1146 Middlefield Road, and the Rinconada Park tennis courts. This is a map
showing where the sites are. As you can see, the existing site is on the
corner of Newell and Embarcadero. That's our Fire Station 3. Number 1, at
the upper right side of the map is the Geng Road site. Number 2, at the
bottom is the Middlefield site. Number 3 is the tennis courts, right behind
Rinconada Park. This is an aerial photo of 2000 Geng Road. This site is
across 101, and this is the site where we would occupy—if the Motion is
approved, this is where we would occupy the station in the evening. I'll go
into more description later. This right here is the Middlefield Road location.
It's between Lincoln and Kingsley. It's two lots that the Fire Station would
occupy in the residential neighborhood. Here's the tennis courts, right off of
Hopkins and Newell. You see the fire station is right there on the corner off
of Middlefield and Newell.       Based on the location, there are different
impacts. The way it would work is Station 1 would be the primary location
for Station 3 during the day. We would have the option to capturing more
calls because of the density of population. They would be able to capture
more calls there. In the evening, they would relocate to the Geng Road site.
Because of the lack of traffic, they would be able to respond more efficiently
and again still meet our response time standards, as mentioned by Chief
Nickel. The tennis courts have very little impact at all, because it's right by
the fire station. Between that would be the Middlefield site, which would
have a little but not noticeable difference in fire response. What we're
asking is that—Staff is recommending that Council approve the 2000 Geng
Road site for the temporary Fire Station Number 3 during the rebuild.

                                                                       Page 29 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
