                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We could say that the—what is the amount of ground-floor
office in square footage?

Mr. Lait: Roughly 4,800.

Mayor Burt: The approximately 4,800 square feet of ground-floor office is
instead converted to retail. I don't know if converted is the right way to say
it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “the
approximately 4,800 square feet of ground floor office is converted to retail.”

Mr. Lait: I think we understand that there's no ...

Council Member DuBois: The CUP is 200 square feet (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: I don't think we need to. I do want to bring up one other
issue. This is kind of a process issue. If we make all these changes to the
project uses and then send it back to have the correction on design, this
project had gone through as one of the projects under this year's 50,000
square feet. Do we feel out of fairness that it should continue to be allowed
to go forward on that and not have to come back because the timing is not
going to allow it to have its approval under this year?

Council Member Holman: That seems fair.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, I think that's fine.

Council Member Holman: I do have one question of Staff, if I might. As
Vice Mayor Scharff said, this wouldn't then come back to the Council. Would
it or wouldn't it, because there's still the number of housing units that
typically would be required to come back to Council? Would it or wouldn't it
come back here after ARB?

Mr. Lait: If I'm understanding the motion, if it would be remanded back to
the ARB to solve these finding issues, it would come back here because
you'd have to act on the site and design. Alternatively, if you are able to
approve the site and design tonight and the CUP, if that was of interest, on
the condition that it obtains ARB approval for the design, that perhaps is an
option. I don't know how we reconcile that with the growth cap ordinance
which, I believe, Cara is looking at now, which has the June 30th deadline.
This was ...

Mayor Burt: If we were to ...

                                                                        Page 70 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
