                          TRANSCRIPT
the Peninsula. Karen Holman has been extremely instrumental in helping us
as we transition. I want to thank her and wish her all the best. Hopefully
she'll have some time, because I know she's been emailing me at sometimes
even 2:00 a.m. I know she's been working hard day in and day out.
Hopefully she'll get a good night's rest. Looks like she might be getting over
something right now. I hope you feel better soon. Thanks so much, Karen.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Arthur Keller.

Arthur Keller: Congratulations Mayor Burt, and congratulations Vice Mayor
Greg Scharff. I'm sure you'll do ably in your posts. I would like to thank
outgoing Mayor Karen Holman for her job in healing the City, in bringing us
back together. After all, the last election was a very divisive election. In the
past, we have had some divisiveness on the City Council. We didn't see any
of that this year. That is a testament to the work of Karen in bringing us all
together and bringing a spirit of collegiality.        I hope that the future
leadership of the City continues that spirit of collegiality, because I think that
bringing us together is very important. When we all work together, we can
accomplish a lot more than when we operate more divisively. I'd like to
thank Karen for her work in healing the City, bringing us all together after a
divisive campaign.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. On that note, we are ready to vote on the
Resolution.  Lights are not working at the moment. There we go.
Everybody. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt:      Before asking Former Mayor Holman to speak to the
Resolution, I think we have some plaques that we can present out in front.
Would you care to join me? Would you like to speak to your Resolution?

Council Member Holman: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Yes, you're welcome to do so. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Before it's all over, I would just like to thank Karen
for her hard work this year. I think she was at every event. It was kind of
incredible how much. Not only were you at the ceremony events, but you
were also present on important policy issues. I think we made some
important progress. People have mentioned retail protection, limiting office
growth maybe to provide more space for housing, our Parking Permit
Program. I think you really were the glue that held together what could
have been a very fractious Council. I also want to thank you for the new
events. I think the Veterans Day ceremony was terrific, and Meet the
                                                                           Page 15 of 23
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/4/16
