                         TRANSCRIPT
Member Wolbach's comments and how that could potentially, if it were the
will of the group, could we do that this evening or would we be looking at
direction and coming back. That's a noticing issue. We're looking at that
issue. I just wanted to highlight that while she responds. Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: Point of information. What do you mean a noticing
issue, Molly?

Council Member DuBois: Would we just (crosstalk).

Ms. Stump: Specifically looking at—yes. Specifically looking at the potential
to have a different number of employee permits or to create some ratcheting
down or some different formula in the out years, we need to make sure that
whatever the Council might contemplate doing tonight is properly noticed or
else it's continued to a subsequent meeting, so that everyone who has an
interest knows that you might be taking action in that area.

Council Member Kniss: Along that same line, a point of information. If we
do not make a decision, let's say—Cory has mentioned it and I think I have
as well—we don't make a decision tonight.          When we reschedule the
meeting, it has to be the five of us. Does it have to be on a regular meeting
night?

Ms. Stump: No, this is the City Council. You're the body, and you can
schedule a Special Meeting at another time and date than ...

Council Member Kniss: With the five of us?

Ms. Stump: That's correct. It would be the same group of five.

Council Member Kniss: We're in new territory here. We've never had just
five to maneuver with. That's somewhat different.

Ms. Stump: You look much more like a traditional City Council. There are
just five of you. Only there's one sitting way over there.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member DuBois, you had the floor.

Council Member Filseth: Can I ask a question? (inaudible) on top of that
just briefly.

Council Member DuBois: Can I go through my stuff?

Council Member Filseth: On the question of noticing, Staff actually had a
proposal to reduce the number of vehicles back in December. If we adopted
exactly that one, would that not need to be noticed?
                                                                      Page 102 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
