                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I would like to propose an amendment to "A" add
a point 6 that each site will be metered and there will be an excess charge
for any dewatering water not used over 3 million gallons per site at the rate
of 2.5 cents per gallon. Two cents per gallon.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to Part A of the Motion, “add a sixth change, ‘each site
will be metered and there will be an excess charge for water not used over
3.5 million gallons at a rate of $.02 per gallon.’”

Mr. Keene: Maybe the City Attorney can speak to the efficacy of that before
you even pursue a second.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. Through the Chair, Council Member
Schmid, the idea to charge fees and attach some pricing to the watering is in
the Group 3 items. Staff placed it in Group 3 because there's a fair amount
of complexity to this issue. To just identify a couple of issues. There's a
jurisdictional issue. The Santa Clara Valley Water District, of course, has
some jurisdictional responsibility for groundwater. The City is thinking of
doing some things there as well, but there needs to be some work with the
District on that. The theory of pricing and the level of pricing will need to be
carefully looked at. There are different bases that one might place pricing
on this matter that's coming out of the ground and going into the storm
drain.     There are legal and procedural, substantive and procedural
requirements with various types of price. That's going to take some time to
work through.

Council Member Schmid: It's good to take time, but the first five points of
"A" do imply that there are "studies about impacts on others, on the
environment, on trees, on all kinds of things." There needs to be some way
the City can take its function and say if you go beyond the boundaries of
what we expect reasonableness, there should be a penalty.

Ms. Stump: The Staff has identified—I think Policy and Services was
interested in exploring this, and we have identified that as an item that
potentially we'll bring back to see if the Committee and Council wants
further work on it, but there is not a sufficient basis to establish a price
tonight. It is not on the Council's Agenda.

Council Member Schmid: What if the amendment just put a limit on the
amount of water that could be pumped out of any house?


                                                                         Page 60 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
