                          TRANSCRIPT
request is to build that sort of trigger automatically into the City Ordinance.
The next slide is a few additional comments that came in from some dialog
that happened today after that initial set of comments from a week and a
half ago.       This represents today's add-on comments from the
representatives of the restaurant. If the Council decides to move forward
with this Ordinance, the request would be for Council to support the industry
at the State level in terms of lobbying or representation on some level. This
would be tied to any change to the wait staff exemption. Support a tiered
system of minimum wage, that includes the concept of total compensation.
The final request here is to have Council postpone a vote until a new Council
convenes after the election. I'd like to turn it over now to Cara Silver. She's
going to provide some additional comments to wrap-up Staff's presentation.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you, David. I primarily
wanted to provide some brief background on Labor Code 351. As you know,
California is one of just a few states that has a State tip credit law. That
puts us in a more difficult position in terms of setting up different tiers for
tipped employees and non-tipped employees. This is, of course, one of the
primary concerns that the restaurant industry has with respect to local
minimum wage laws. Labor Code 351 provides that tips belong to the
employee. They do not belong to the employer. Employers cannot credit
tips against the base pay that is owed to the employee. Courts have found
that Labor Code 351 prohibits employers from taking essentially a tip credit
against the State minimum wage. It is still an open issue as to whether
Labor Code 351 applies to local minimum wages. However, there is some
commentary in cases—this commentary is non-binding—suggesting that
local minimum wages would be subject to the State Labor Code. We also
have a recent Legislative Counsel opinion, which again is not binding.
Legislative Counsel opinions can give us a gauge on areas of law that are
uncertain or complicated. The Legislative opinion does indicate that they
believe that Labor Code 351 does apply to local minimum wages. For this
reason, largely because of the legal uncertainty with respect to Labor Code
351, there is no city that has adopted either a tip credit or a tip exception.
The restaurant industry has proposed a couple of alternatives as David
mentioned in the PowerPoint. In our assessment, we believe that many of
these options are very similar to a tip credit. They're called something else.
They're called perhaps a tiered minimum wage or an exception for tipped
employees. We do believe that it's likely that a court would view those as
very similar to the tip credit that is prohibited under Labor Code 351. The
other issue that—we did provide some more background to the City Council
in a confidential legal memo. The other item that we wanted to talk about is
the issue of tip pooling.       That was something that came up in our
conversation with the restaurants. Unfortunately this is an issue that the
City really doesn't control or regulate. What tip pooling is, is something that
                                                                        Page 64 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
