                          TRANSCRIPT
obviously. There's a lot of things to do. Comparing it a little bit closer to
2009. We had 1,075.60 or 23 1/2 positions more in 2009 than we do now.
It's addressing the point that Mr. Keene said.             Obviously we're very
concerned about the pension and healthcare obligations associated with any
increase. In order to address the workload issues, we felt it was necessary.
One of the things that you'll read in Mr. Keene's message to you and the
community is our goal is to try to have these one-time items just be for this
year, because we want to have the time to structure a plan that fixes this
structurally, with the target being to come back to 18 1/2 in our reserves
and to have informed decisions so we don't jeopardize the services to the
community abruptly. We've been through that. As you may recall, in 2009
and '10 we started freezing positions. Some of those positions were not
necessarily positions we would have frozen under normal conditions.
Because of the severity of the downturn, we had to make those difficult
choices. With this proposal, it gives us a bit of flexibility to make informed
decisions, buy us a little bit of time. With that, we'll turn it back to you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, and thank you for all the hard work that's gone into
this. We will now be receiving our books, I take it. We can open it up to
Council Members for questions and brief comments. The bulk of the work in
the review of the budget is obviously done by the Finance Committee. This
evening, we want to give particular opportunity for members of the Council
who aren't on the Finance Committee to ask questions and to give any input
to the Finance Committee or Staff going forward. If members of the Finance
Committee have certain considerations that they want to bring before the
Council, this is the opportunity at the preliminary stage to do that. As the
City Manager stated, because we are only just now getting the draft budgets
before us, we may very well have some follow-up questions or input to the
Finance Committee that is subsequent to this meeting. If, at the end of this
discussion, we find that Council Members want to have some additional time
to provide comments, we can try to schedule that in the next week or two.
We do have tight Council meetings, but that's something that we can bring
up at the very end of this conversation and see where we need to go. Who
would like to go first? I'll kick it off. First a question. This percentage of
our budget in absolute dollars that are in the Capital Improvement Program
for 2017 strikes me as all-time records on both a percentage basis and
absolute dollars. Now this pie graph on page two of the PowerPoint is for
the Citywide programs.        That's Utilities, Enterprise Funds and regular
General Fund. Can you give us some framework? Lalo, I think you sort of
alluded to some of this. Compared to, say, 2009 or '10, how much more are
we spending on capital improvements versus that timeframe? I'll toss this
out knowing that you might need to thumb through things to be able to give
an answer to that later in the conversation. If you need time, I can just toss

                                                                         Page 40 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
