                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah.

Council Member Holman: It may require a contract amendment, but at the
same time if you're going through surveys, trying to make sense of what the
people are trying to say in the survey response may not be any more
efficient than doing the—I don't know.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Maybe that's true. I'm leaving it up to you to come up
with the process that you recommend.

Ms. Figone: If I could just comment on something. One thing is that when
MRG proposed, they were specifically told not to propose interviews. I just
…

Council Member Holman: By whom?

Ms. Figone: By whoever solicited the proposal at the time.

Ms. Minor: Kathy.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That could be Kathy Shen. Jim doesn't like the
interviews as much. I think that's—I don't think he does.

Council Member Holman: (crosstalk)

Ms. Figone: I'm not pushing back. I just want you to know it's not like we
left it out on purpose. It's just that it was not part of the request.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's right.

Council Member Holman: You're hearing from us we'd like it back.

Ms. Figone: Yeah, I'm hearing that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought it was very useful, and I thought it gave
much better quality information. I do like the idea of us getting on the
calendar and having a more organized calendar, so we go through that
process. I'm a little confused; you might be able to help me out, Karen, a
little bit on this as well. Where are we on the—I like doing the midyear
check-in. The midyear check-in is really important to me. The midyear
check-in is more for the CAO to come in. We did a midyear check-in this
year. Did MRG have any role in that?

Ms. Figone: Last year the process was quite late because of the start. You
all commented you like a midyear, you like it informal, MRG doesn't have a
role. I left it to the administration to trigger it. What I put in this Staff
                                                                                   Page 12 of 20
                                           Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript 11/16/16
