                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: If I can interject. We need to talk internally about the idea of
amending an urgency ordinance. From the Staff perspective, there are a lot
of things about that Citywide ordinance that we've found it very challenging
to apply fairly. I think this is a great idea in concept, but first of all it's not
resourced. Second of all, we need to have a conversation about how we can
legally do it. I think we'll ...

Mayor Burt: That's okay. All we're doing tonight is say that we have an
interest in doing that. You could come back and say if we could do it, we
can't do it, we can do this.

Mr. Keene: I would like to say in general, both in the interest of time and us
not doing what we do late at night, you're identifying what changes you
want to see. We'll come back and tell you how that might be accomplished.
We have to have some follow-up.

Mayor Burt: We're just identifying (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: You're just identifying, right. I think it would be a mistake to try
to trade stuff off tonight.

Mayor Burt: Not the specific changes. Let's do that one again. We're voting
on whether we want Staff to come back with potential modifications to the
urgency retail ordinance. Five. Next is 39. It says it's CC(2); the Staff
Report had it wrong. It should say CC(2). This is whether to reprioritize
changes to that zoning area specifically around Cal. Ave. or was this ...

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Wolbach: Can we get a quick reminder from a colleague or
Staff on what the CC(2) zoning was and what the amendments would entail?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Tom, you want to go ahead and take a cut at it?

Council Member DuBois: I believe most of Cal. Ave. itself is zoned CC(2)
which would be a 50-foot height limit. There was some discussion about
potentially going down to maybe 35 CN zoning. Again, how do we keep Cal.
Ave. weird basically was the discussion, I think, at the time. If anybody else
has a different recollection.

Council Member Berman: I thought it was adjusting FAR.

Council Member Holman: If I can chime in on that just a little bit. Mayor
Burt and I talked about this for a long time because California Avenue, the
CC(2) zoning is higher zoning than it is Downtown. That's why it's been kind

                                                                           Page 90 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcropt: 5/31/16
