                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to:

A.   Direct Staff to present an updated schedule of Citizens Advisory
     Committee for the Comprehensive Plan Update (CAC) and Council
     meetings relating to the Comprehensive Plan Update, as soon as
     possible with check ins in April, May and September with a goal of
     delving into key decision areas on job and population growth
     assumptions, growth management, traffic, and a final Draft
     Environmental Impact Report (DEIR); and

B.   Direct Staff to move forward with a Draft Environmental Impact Report
     (DEIR) of various scenarios, replacing Scenario Four “Sustainability
     Tested” with a scenario which shifts the jobs/housing balance by
     limiting office expansion and replacing some commercial use with
     housing.

Mr. Keene: I think the Motion, if it's going to go anywhere, needs some
more clarification ultimately then on what we present and when and more
specificity about how we would determine what the alternative is in order to
be able to be expeditious. Again, there's nine of you up there; there could
be nine different Motions pretty quickly.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, may I interject?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Ms. Gitelman: I'll just say that we as a Staff and consultant team have
really been trying to follow the direction that was given to us by the Council
in December of 2014. I know that some of you weren't there at the time,
but it was a long meeting like tonight's meeting. It was a multipart Motion
that went on for I don't know how many sub-points. The outcome of that
was to set us in Motion to prepare the Draft EIR that is going to be available
in a few weeks. We've spent a lot of time and a lot of money preparing that
document based on the four scenarios, with the expectation that they would
not be the four scenarios that anyone would like or want to embrace, that all
of you would have some different ideas about how those scenarios could be
blended or altered. The nice thing about the CEQA process—we are using it
in an innovative way to serve our needs in a way that you don't usually see.
The nice thing about it is you produce a Draft EIR. It's a draft. We get to
take your comments. We get to analyze those comments and respond to
them and prepare a final. If we guessed wrong in the scenarios and there's
something that ultimately the Council would like to pursue that falls outside
the range, the worst thing that happens is we prepare a supplement to the
Draft EIR, and we let people comment on that. This is a process that lends
                                                                            Page 88 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
