                          TRANSCRIPT
this stuff. I think there's a real opportunity to gently exceed 50 feet in
certain geographic locations if there are certain proposals that are being
proposed. I imagine we can be that prescriptive about it. Literally saying if
somebody wants to develop ground-floor retail and four stories of housing,
that is someplace where you could go to 55 feet. We're not talking about
going to 70 feet; we're not talking about going to 80 feet. We're talking
about 55, maybe 60 feet in certain circumstances where our community can
benefit from the additional housing. I am a fan of coordinated area plans.
We've heard from Mayor Burt and Council Member Holman time and time
again how well the SOFA I and SOFA II process worked and what the result
was. The result was you got housing that costs $2, $2 1/2 million per condo
right across the street from affordable housing, and you don't even know it.
You don't know that those affordable housing complexes are affordable
housing. They blend in with the neighborhood. That very expensive housing
is right on a new park. We talk about how we need new parkland. That
came out of a coordinated area plan process. It can take time, but it seems
like the proof is in the pudding in the sense of whether or not it was worth it.
That's something that Council should look to really get the advantage of.
You get the community input when you have that type of a process. This is
my parting words to the future Council. Take seriously the desire in our
community for additional housing, take seriously the concern in our
community for the fact that it doesn't look anything like it did when Cory and
I were growing up in the '80s and '90s when people could—one of my best
friends was the son of a single mom who worked retail at Stanford Shopping
Center. You can't live in Palo Alto on that anymore unless you live in an
affordable housing complex. The waiting list for those are 5 or 6 years long.
Let's not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. Let's really try to figure
out what type of proposals can incentivize more housing. That's not what
we're tasked with tonight, at least not getting into the weeds on it or I don't
think making motions on it. When it comes back in February or March, I
really hope that the City Council takes a serious look at what changes can be
made strategically and delicately that can lead to more housing but not
necessarily lead to massive office complexes and the kind of things that
we've worked hard to scale back over the last couple of years. It's possible,
if we are really serious about whether or not we think we need more housing
in Palo Alto. I know we do.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Just briefly. I also would like to thank the
CAC, especially those members that are still here listening to us. Definitely
appreciate your presence. A couple of things. I was very intrigued with
Council Member Filseth's comment on what goes in the Code and what goes
in the Comp Plan. In my view, there's too much in the Comp Plan. On a
broad basis, there's a lot of things that have now been added to the Comp
Plan of which Council has still not made policy decisions on. I don't think we
                                                                       Page 104 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
