                         TRANSCRIPT
maximum allowed by law. The Staff has divided the presentation into an
initial general description of the bicycle boulevard program generally. It's
my understanding that the Mayor will allow some Council questions at that
general level. When it comes to the specific bicycle boulevard plans, the
Council will take the Bryant Street plan and the associated contract first.
Council Member DuBois will not participate; he will recuse himself. Once
that item is resolved by Council, then Council will move to the South Palo
Alto boulevards and the contract associated with that with Council Member
DuBois rejoining the Council. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Mello: I'm going to give a brief overview of the Bike Pedestrian
Transportation Plan program, talk a little bit about the progress that we've
made over the last couple of years, and then give you a little bit of overview
of some of the treatments and things that you'll see in the concept plans
that are attached to the Staff Report. As you know, back in 2012, the City
of Palo Alto of adopted the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan. This
includes a network of bicycle boulevards, enhanced bikeways, and shared-
use paths across the entire City. It's intended as an illustration of what the
ultimate build-out of the City's bike network would be. There's really no
timeline associated with the build-out of this network. It would be fairly
expensive to construct the entire network at once. In 2014, funding was
allocated, about $1.2 million per year in the Capital Improvement Program,
by Council. Staff selected several corridors to begin the concept planning
process for. These corridors are shown on the map on this slide. They were
identified from the Bike and Pedestrian Transportation Plan, and they
followed a very logical planning process starting in 2014. Staff started by
kicking off the planning process with bike-alongs through the community.
There was an online mapping exercise where folks could identify different
constraints and opportunities along these corridors and challenges. There's
been a series of public meetings that combined different variations of the
corridors, moved around different meeting locations through the City, and
were held at different seasons and different months of the year, both in
2014 and 2015. Recent accomplishments. Over the last two years, we have
presented several concept plans for your approval. Those include the
Churchill Avenue Phase 1 concept plan, the Charleston Road-Arastradero
Complete Street concept plan as well as Park Boulevard, Wilkie Way,
Stanford Avenue, Maybell Avenue and the Bryant Street extension. All of
those projects, the concept plans for those were approved in 2015. One of
the items that we're requesting tonight is approval of a contract to advance
those projects into final design. This is something we developed at the
Mayor's request, and we're hoping to develop more of an interactive
dashboard so folks track our progress on the Bike Plan implementation. This
                                                                       Page 15 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
