                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stephanie Munoz, to be
followed by Leesa Bouchard.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Thank
you for this opportunity. I've written to you before, and I've talked to you
before. It can't be yellow already. Guys. We have to have teacher housing.
My daughter, the last time I talked to you she was living in a tent in her
brother's backyard in Los Altos. She's a teacher. Now she's moved to
Emeryville, and it's not all that cheap in Emeryville either. We have got to
keep the asset we have. All the talk about community facilities and the art
and the dancing and the childcare, the talk is irrelevant. There's no reason
you can't have them there. Even if you have 101 Alma there, you've still got
the entire first floor of this teacher housing facility for all these community
facilities. You can charge whatever you want or not charge them anything.
It doesn't matter. What matters is you've got to have housing for the
teachers. That's the soul of the community. That's what for hoping on, to
bring up all these little yuppies, to help the economy and buy stuff and do
Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) stuff, everything.
You've just got to have teacher housing. You have the right to build up. On
Cubberley, you'll have the same situation that you have at 101 Alma, that is,
you'll have the FAR, the Floor Allowance Ratio, because those schools—
Cubberley was a school—have tons of space, lawns and soccer fields and
tennis courts and lots and lots of space. It would fit very appropriately with
the City and with what you want. You'd love it. It could be gorgeous. You
could make money. All you have to do is figure out how much money you
want to get from this facility and put that many units in it, which you have a
right to do. Nobody else has the right to do it. You can get that teacher
housing, and you've got to get it. As for the firemen and policemen, you
build firehouses. You have property there too. You want a police station,
you could have housing there too. All I'm asking for is the teacher housing.
It's crazy. That's how you got this in the first place, because the School
District was letting these properties go in a rising market. It's always going
to be a rising market. You don't expect a crash in land values, do you? No.
It's always going to be going up. It's crazy to let go of it. I did talk to
somebody. I talked to Mr. Powers at the Palo Alto Unified. I said, "I've
talked to them."       He said, "Now that Foothill's gone, it's a different
conversation." Thank you very much. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Leesa Bouchard to be followed by our last speaker, Penny
Ellson.

Leesa Bouchard: Good evening. Thank you, Council Members. My name is
Leesa Bouchard, and I am an artist in the Cubberley Artist Studio Program
and also was involved in the Community Advisory Committee of a couple of
                                                                        Page 21 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
