                          TRANSCRIPT
shuttle for folks that visit Palo Alto. It could be for visitors; it could be for
workers. It's definitely for residents. We have tossed ideas around about a
co-branding with the TMA and the free shuttle and making the free shuttle
the robust benefit that it can be to help fight the traffic in Downtown and
make it a better place to work, to live, to play for those visitors as well.
Again, we're just in the idea phase of this, but we're excited about this one
opportunity because it's already an existing program offering free
transportation throughout Palo Alto. Some other programs that we've talked
about but haven't fully fleshed out in those three meetings that we've had is
implementing a guaranteed ride home program, making sure that no person
that chooses to use public transportation is stranded in Palo Alto because
they can't get a ride home. Advocate for bulk transit programs for us is that
it's unfortunate that a company of my size is paying significantly more for a
pass than one of the larger companies in SRP or Palantir or other large
employer Downtown. I think another key bit of information that we're
excited to see is we'll be conducting the second commute survey to see what
some of these efforts already just from the steering committee and your
support and business support the movement we've made over the last year.
Also I think important is to talk about developing long-term relationships for
funding streams so the TMA is not just an organization that's great right out
of the gates, but it can sustain itself for years to come. Of course, as the
Chair, we're fortunate to have the City's generosity and to have Wendy
Silvani as our interim Executive Director, but we need to recruit a strong
Executive Director for our program, for our TMA. This slide is just really
some numbers, a draft budget. Really what it is at a very general level is a
slide with revenues and expenses. I think that it's pretty self-explanatory. I
had a chance to talk with this and get some questions from the Planning &
Transportation Commission (P&TC) last week. We are in the black after our
third meeting, $165,000 in projected revenues. Our pilot programs are
sitting around $128,000 as we've planned them right now.                Business
contributions a little over $35,000. Foundations and other contributions of
almost $30,000. We've had an anonymous foundation contribute a large
amount of $30,000. We're excited to have them onboard. The pilot
funding, the reason that we're so excited about getting moving quickly is we
want to be respectful to the $100,000 pledged by the previous Council. We
want to make sure that we make full use of that to show how dynamic this
TMA can be for us. That's all I have this evening. I appreciate the time and
very excited to hear your questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Colleagues, questions or comments?           Council
Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll start this one off. First, thanks very much for
the presentation. Up until a few months ago, I was starting to have a little
                                                                          Page 38 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
