                         TRANSCRIPT
      Appreciation to Jennifer Hetterly Upon Completion of her Term as a
      Parks and Recreation Commissioner.”

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Special Orders of the Day. We have adoption
of three Resolutions Expressing Appreciation to Abbie Knopper, Ed Lauing
and Jennifer Hetterly upon completion of their terms as Parks and Recreation
Commissioners. First, Council Member DuBois, would you like to read the
Resolution honoring Abbie Knopper?

Council Member DuBois: I'd love to. This is a Resolution of the Council
expressing appreciation to Abbie Knopper, Parks and Rec Commissioner. He
read the Resolution into the record.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll vote on the three of them as a group.
Council Member Holman, would you like to read Jen Hetterly's?

Council Member Holman:        It'll be my privilege to do so.   She read the
Resolution into the record.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I would like to read the Resolution on behalf of Ed
Lauing. He read the Resolution for Ed Lauing into the record. I'd just like to
say briefly that the three of you really served together to do all of these
things that we described. In addition to all that's already come to fruition,
this really valuable and comprehensive Parks and Recreation Master Plan is
something the community will come to appreciate that work even more in
the future years. It's had some recent attention, but until we see all those
things start happening, the community won't really realize how much
foresight and how valuable that is to our community going forward. Thank
you for all of us on all of these things. Let's vote on the board.

Female: (inaudible) Motion.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Jumping the gun. Motion to approve?

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to adopt the three Resolutions expressing appreciation to Abbie Knopper, Ed
Lauing, and Jennifer Hetterly.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Schmid, second by Vice Mayor
Scharff. Please vote on the board. That passes 7-0 with Council Members
Berman and Kniss absent. We'll come forward and give you these big heavy
plaques.
                                                                          Page 3 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
