                         TRANSCRIPT
the eligibility area. Sue-Ellen's going to give you a brief presentation, and
then we'll follow that up with an opportunity to provide any additional
information that you may need.

Sue-Ellen Atkinson, Transportation Manager: Hi. Thanks for having us
tonight. We have a few Council Members here who are slightly new to the
Downtown RPP, so we'll do a brief overview of how we got to this point. RPP
is one of several programs that we have in the Transportation Division that
are all aimed at reducing single occupancy vehicle trips to the Downtown.
Other programs include the free Palo Alto shuttle, the valet assist program,
the Palo Alto Transportation Management Association, parking wayfinding,
parking technology and RPP, all part of utilizing parking as a way to reduce
single occupancy vehicle trips. RPP is just one of many programs that are
going on in a comprehensive strategy towards reducing those trips. A quick
summary of Phase 1 and Phase 2 implementation. In January 2014, Council
first directed Staff to develop an RPP Ordinance and a Downtown RPP
program via Resolution. In December 2014, the Citywide RPP Ordinance
and the initial Downtown RPP Resolution were adopted. That directly led
into the start of the Downtown RPP formation. January 2015 through August
of that year, consultants were brought under contract and began work. In
August 2015, Phase 1 permits for the Downtown RPP program went on sale
via website. In September Phase 1 of the program officially began. That
lasted six months. On April 1, 2016, Phase 2 began. Keeping in mind Phase
1 and Phase 2 are all part of a pilot Downtown RPP program. We're about 6
months into Phase 2 at this point. Coming into Downtown RPP Phase 2
when we were here earlier this year, it included an updated Downtown RPP
boundary. Certain streets were annexed into the Downtown RPP District.
An area that was adjacent to the Downtown RPP District was approved as an
eligibility area, meaning that those streets were not part of the program at
the time, but residents had the opportunity to opt in if they wanted to. In
Phase 2, there was a limit of 2,000 annual employee permits, and that's a
combination of employee-purchased permits and employer-purchased
permits. That's a max of 2,000 this year. There is also a plan approved to
reduce employee permits annually from that 2,000 number. Employee
parking zones were approved as a part of Phase 2, so that divides the
Downtown RPP District into ten parking zones where employee permits are
valid.     There are limitations placed on daily employee permits and a
prioritization of permits for low-wage employees. Just an overview of the
full Phase 2 program. In the Phase 2 boundary, you'll see in green is
basically the initial Phase 1 boundary. The blue areas to the south and to
the east are the approved eligibility areas. When the new streets were
annexed into the Downtown District, the signs were installed and residents
there were eligible to purchase permits. The blue eligibility areas were
essentially preapproved for inclusion in the program through a petition and
                                                                      Page 68 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
