                          TRANSCRIPT
same rules and respect. We believe our need is urgent and we cannot wait
for years. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mike Meffert to be followed by Jeffry Hook.

Mike Meffert: Good evening, Mayor, Council and fellow residents. My name
is Mike Meffert. I've in commercial real estate for the last 15 years. I'd like
to talk about the California Avenue district as it relates to Evergreen Park.
I'm also a property owner. While I don't necessarily oppose the RPP, I have
probably the distinction that I would like to see it delayed until there can be
sufficient supply. Everything we're talking about so far this evening is
demand and allocating demand, which pits residents against commercial
owners and merchants. I'd like not to see that. What I'd like to see is the
supply of parking increase. We're talking about garages. We have two
garages on California Avenue. There's an opportunity now to build a third
behind the Starbucks next to the new policy station. I'd like to see that
increased in size so we're not in a contentious mode with our neighbors. I
would not like to see my tenants parking in the residential area, but there's
not a lot of good alternatives due to the limited supply. A point that should
be recognized is there's also a special tax put on commercial owners in the
California Avenue core which is maybe not well known. I'd like to see that
geography expanded, maybe not into the residents but to other commercial
owners which would contribute to building more parking and sustaining more
parking. I think that's really the gist of my comments. I've had a chance to
meet with Karen Holman and other merchants and property owners who also
share the sentiment. It's not like we have anything against the residents.
We would prefer not to see our tenants and our employees park in that
zone, but we'd like to see more parking. To the extent that we could
increase the parking and delay the implementation of this program against
the adversity of merchants and owners in the district, that'd be most
appreciated. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: thank you. Jeffry Hook to be followed by Tommy Derrick.

Jeffry Hook: Some of you may be old enough to remember the Walt Kelly
cartoon, "Pogo." There's one strip where he famously said, "We have seen
the enemy and he is us." We humans have created quite a pickle for
ourselves. There's a thing called the tragedy of the commons where a
resource held in common becomes increasingly abused because the costs
are not allocated fairly. I'm sure that 50 years ago we didn't have a parking
problem in Evergreen Park, and now we do. We've created this mess by
allowing for unfettered growth of both businesses and population. We're
now at a point where we have to consider that automobiles really should not
be used for commuting. I really applaud all the work that's been done on

                                                                        Page 86 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
