                          TRANSCRIPT
in the Resolutions adopting the CLEAN price that there are additional
benefits above and beyond the avoided cost. Those include the things listed
on this slide. The avoided cost itself is not just the energy, but also includes
the renewable attributes because it is eligible renewable energy, the
transmission and distribution losses and the capacity and all the charges that
we face to get a remote renewable brought to the City itself. This chart
shows how the avoided costs have changed over time over the life of the
CLEAN program since it was first adopted. You can see the bottom bar,
which is the energy part, has declined over time as renewable prices have
declined, as you have seen when the Council has adopted new renewable
energy, long-term Power Purchase Agreements.                Those prices have
continued to decline over the last several years. In fact, just last week you
adopted one with 3.7 cents for energy. We included in the March 2016
update the avoided cost was 4.6 cents; that's higher than the 3.7 because at
that point that we developed the avoided costs, you hadn't executed that
contract yet. If we were to do it today, we may even lower it. This 4.6 is
equal to about the average of the best, I think it's five contracts or proposals
we got in our last Request for Proposals for renewable energy. That's how
we came up with that. You can see it's made up of the energy, how much
extra you generally pay in the market for renewable energy premium. The
4.6 plus the 0.9, that's what you just signed a contract for, for 3.7 cents.
Then there's the local capacity benefit or the cost. Then there's this thing on
the chart is called a TAC charge; that's a transmission access charge. The
estimation of what those are hasn't changed that much over the years. You
have the losses, the distribution and transmission losses. That's how you
get that total amount of avoided cost. This just shows kind of the bottom
chart, just the avoided cost portion. It breaks it down; it's the same number
as the last chart. I also had heard a question about does this program have
a different sort of subsidy or excess cost above what some of our other solar
energy programs have. We didn't really have a huge amount of time to do a
lot of research on this, but what this chart shows is our Net Energy Metering
program. What you can see here are our current energy rates, our current
electric rates. The line there is the local solar avoided cost that we're
assuming right now, which is about nine cents a kilowatt hour. You can see
Net Energy Metering is effectively—people are compensated for their
generation of their Photo Voltaic (PV) onsite based on the full retail rate. For
a residential customer, the compensation depends on what tier of energy
use they're in. If they're just in the Tier Number 1, our rates are just above
nine cents, so there's not much above the avoided cost for this program.
Remember that the Net Energy Metering program is a program that we're
required to have. This is a State requirement that we have Net Energy
Metering available to customers up to a cap that you identified. The Council
has adopted a cap for this program, and we expect to reach that cap at
maybe the end of this year. You can see like in residential customers in the
                                                                          Page 53 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
