                          TRANSCRIPT
19.   PUBLIC HEARING: 567 Maybell Avenue [15PLN-00270]: Approval of
      Mitigated Negative Declaration and Tentative Tract Map With Lot Size
      Exceptions to Subdivide Four Parcels Totaling 2.47 Acres Into 16
      Single-Family Lots, Ranging from 5,000 SF to 6,186 SF, and one Parcel
      for a Private Street. Environmental Assessment: Mitigated Negative
      Declaration. Zoning Districts: R-2 and RM-15.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Public Hearing on 567 Maybell Avenue, an
approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and tentative tract map with lot
size exceptions to subdivide four parcels totaling 2.47 acres into 16 single-
family lots ranging 5,000 square feet to 6,186 square feet and one parcel for
a private street. The environmental assessment is a Mitigated Negative
Declaration. The zoning districts are R-2 and RM-15. Welcome, Mr. Lait.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor Burt. We're going to have Sheldon Ah Singh give the
Staff presentation this evening.

Sheldon Ah Singh, Contract Planner: Thank you and good evening. This is a
2.47-acre site, and it does have existing four single-family homes that front
Maybell. The balance of the site is a former vacant orchard that fronts
Clemo. The proposal is for a 16-lot subdivision. It's for single-family
development; it also includes one private street. The subject property
includes two zoning districts. It includes R-2, low density residential, as well
as RM-15, multifamily residential. It does have flat topography. It's
surrounded by a mix of uses, single-family, multifamily and a park that's
across the street. There are also three schools within the vicinity. There are
also suggested routes to school that include Maybell, Arastradero and
Clemo. Some just real recent history on the project site, as there is a much
more deeper history. There's a 23-unit project that was submitted last year,
and it included a subdivision and an Architectural Review application. In
December of last year, that project was whittled down to 16 units, and that
just included a subdivision. The applicant suspended their Architectural
Review application at that time. Last month, the Planning Commission
recommended approval of the project. This diagram shows the subdivision
plan. It's 16 lots and a private street. The private street is 26 feet in width
and does include a setback of 20 feet for the buildings. That's why you get
down to that 26 feet for private streets. Five units will be proposed along
Maybell, with four of the units sharing driveways. The idea behind that is to
reduce curb cuts along that corridor. There will be 11 units on the interior
with access to the private street at Clemo and Maybell. There is no
vehicular access at that point; that's just for bicycles and pedestrians as well
emergency access. The 11 homes would be going on Clemo and then
                                                                         Page 71 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
