                          TRANSCRIPT
can you get in there and stop that? They've got a plan. The Council was
wondering about—asking how are they really going to enforce that. That's
my question as well. The same with the RPP. If there's not an RPP in the
area, then the people who have cars can park there. They can park there all
night. The Council has taken care of that. About all that's left for me is how
can a four-story building be a pilot project. If it goes bad, how did it go
back, what happens? That's a question I still have left. Of course, the
answer to the other question is can all this stuff really be enforced. You're
asking those. Thank you. You have addressed most of my questions.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Robert Moss.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I think
these people are going in the right direction, and they're doing what you
want. You should pay attention to them and talk some more with them.
There was a letter by a Tina Peak [phonetic] in the Post a couple of nights
ago. She was very concerned—I think everybody should be—about the fact
of the rezoning from public benefit space. There's a difference between
something that is actually zoned for public benefit and something in which
the public benefit is just a quid pro quo from some other concession that
you're going to give. I think you should take it very seriously. I think that
whoever gets this piece of property should dedicate the entire first floor to
public benefit, to childcare, senior nutrition and other similar things. The
whole first floor, not retail.      The second thing is that with all the
conversation there's been about being close to public transit, what's the
point of being close to the public transit if you intend for them to have a car
anyway. It seems to me reasonable that there be some places in town for
people who don't have cars. Isn't that a fair tradeoff? The third thing is the
size. I talked to my son; he travels for Cisco all over the world. I said,
"Honey, what kind of a hotel room do you get for $300 a night?" He said,
"They're very nice, very small." Think about it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Robert Moss to be followed by Hamilton Hitchings.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. This ghastly
project is the worst example of spot zoning I've seen in a long time. It
ignores the fact that you're supposed to be consistent with adjacent
residential when you build. It totally violates that, because it is totally
inconsistent with the adjacent condominiums. It ignores the fact that this is
the most congested intersection in town. It pretends there's going to be no
traffic or parking problems. Saying that some of the residents won't own
cars doesn't mean that they won't be driving. Saying they're going to use
Uber means that Uber gets to drive to the site and away from the site.

                                                                        Page 24 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
