                       ACTION MINUTES
I.      Direct Staff to add quantification of benefits to Policy 6.A.; and

J.      Replace in Program 6.A.i., “and divisions” with “divisions, Canopy and
        other related organizations;” and

K.      Add to Program 6.A.iv., “Canopy and other related organizations” after
        “relevant departments;” and

L.      Add to Program 6.A.iv., “root impact on and off site” (new Bullet 3);
        and

M.      Add to Program 6.B.v., “earth stability on hillsides” (new Bullet 8); and

N.      Direct Staff to clarify Program 6.G.i. language; and

O.      Direct Staff to add protections for trees of a certain size; and

P.      Adopt the proposed alternate Vision Statement replacing Paragraph 5
        with, “opportunities presented by new development for enhancement
        of the urban forest will be optimized and ensure that the forest thrives
        and is contiguous, complex, and resilient. Negative impacts of new
        development will be minimized.”

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Wolbach reported his attendance at the Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) Town Hall meeting last Wednesday. Several
Palo Alto community members were also in attendance.

Council Member Schmid reported his attendance at the Bay Area Water
Supply & Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) meeting this past week. At the
meeting it was reported that the Hetch Hetchy and San Pedro Dams are at
75 percent of capacity and the normal level is 82 percent. The Agency
reported there is sufficient water for three years under drought conditions.
The following was reported at the meeting, BAWSCA member agencies have
                                                                              Page 10 of 11
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                  Action Minutes: 5/23/16
