                          TRANSCRIPT
Victoria Valenzuela: Thank you. Good evening, Mr. Mayor, Vice Mayor, city
Council Members. My name is Victoria Valenzuela; I'm the general counsel
of Machine Zone. We are the current and future occupants of the 1050 Page
Mill campus. I'm thrilled to be here and a part of this process. The project
and the quality speaks for itself. I wanted to share just a few things about
us as the occupant. First and foremost, Machine Zone was born in 2008 in
Palo Alto, and we were raised here. We are a company that is committed to
this community. When we outgrew our original Downtown headquarters, the
company was focused on finding a home here. When we found the 1050
Page Mill project, we could not have been more excited. We knew it was the
future; it matched us as a company, and we were working with a landlord
who was committed to the community. That was all consistent with who we
are. As you have heard others mention, we are extremely committed to
traffic. We are a hardworking company, and we don't want our employees
sitting in traffic. We are completely aligned with anything that will alleviate
that. Not only do we take advantage of the Go Passes offered by Caltrain,
but we've created some of our own. We offer financial assistance to
employees who are willing to move within seven miles of headquarters. We
do that so that they can use alternative means of transportation. We also
have moved our core hours. Our company hours are from 10:00 A.M. to
7:00 P.M., so that people are not sitting in peak hour traffic. We will
continue to find other programs that are consistent with these measures.
We think of ourselves as a good neighbor. We are a quiet company. We
were committed to being a quiet company, and we want to be a quiet
neighbor. We'll continue to be that way. We're a head down, hardworking
company who wants to do our thing. Whatever it takes to keep our
neighbors happy, fine with us because that allows us to do what we do best,
innovate and create new technology. I'm happy to answer any questions on
behalf of the company.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Fred Balin to be followed by Bill Ross. Welcome.

Fred Balin: Good evening. Legacy industrial park site, vegetation, then a
building, then more. Manufacturing, instruments, components, requiring
transformers with PCB, degreasers with TCE, hazardous substances in the
shop or from below via compromised down-gradient plumes or meandering
channels. Buildings age, technologies change. Gutted structures incubate
lights of tomorrow, then redevelopment. Integrated plans are presented.
Preliminary site assessment conducted. What is known is detailed. What is
not, hypothesized or blank. Mitigations and monitorings defined. What
could go awry? One, how you move a transformer out and across the
parking lot? Two, what you find between a plating sump, stuffed, sealed
and decommissioned for a quarter century. The former chemical storage
area that tested reasonably just recently. What you find between, after you
                                                                         Page 53 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
