                         TRANSCRIPT
event.    I would say that the vets there really find it important and
meaningful for the community to acknowledge them and show an
appreciation.    I would encourage us to just look for opportunities to
participate in that. I know that Council Member Holman last year had been
active in this area. I think it's really something that we should be more
deliberate about. Second, on last Tuesday and Wednesday, we had a
delegation from our Smart City partner of Heidelberg, their Mayor and
several of their Council Members and others of their community leaders,
here to witness our local and national elections and also to further
discussions about their interest in becoming a Sister City. At the same time,
we've had a similar request from the Yangpu District in Shanghai, who is our
other Smart City partner. The Neighbors Abroad program, which is now led
by Bob Wenzlau, has taken up from their perspective these requests. You
may recall when we set up the Smart City initiatives, it was not only because
these areas had commonalities with us and interests in innovation and
sustainability, but we also were not able to respond to their requests to
become Sister Cities at that time because our Neighbors Abroad movement
did not have the bandwidth to be able to receive them. We now have a
whole set of new members participating in Neighbors Abroad. They have
preliminary committees for each of these cities. They are open to expanding
our Sister City to that effect. We expect that after the first of the year we
will have a formal resolution coming to the Council, because it requires both
Neighbors Abroad and City action to make it official. Both of these cities are
very anxious to have this deeper relationship. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just going back to the veterans event just briefly.
I just wanted to publicly thank Mayor Burt for encouraging the veterans
event to be an annual event. If it happened last week, I don't recall it. It
can't happen too much to publicly thank Janice Svendsen in the City
Manager's Office for her extraordinary efforts in making it such a huge
success that it's been last year and this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just real quick. You reminded me. In meeting
some of the Council Members from Heidelberg, I think they said they had 47
Council Members on their Council.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 9:57 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Who's counting? On that note, the meeting's adjourned.




                                                                         Page 56 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
