                          TRANSCRIPT
on balance there's some good things and some bad things with every
development project. On balance, I think this one meets the requirements
of something that we should approve.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think this has actually been a good discussion
tonight, an extensive discussion. The only concern I have about this and
given that the zoning was changed before—even though I know, Karen,
you've spoken of it as spot zoning. This applicant went into this site with the
full awareness of it having a 50-foot height limit. I know that had been
decided some time ago for a different purpose. It was there and it did exist.
I'm pleased to hear the special compensation or the special types of interest
that were taken in the birds and in the lighting and so forth. I really find
that very appealing. The setbacks, terrific. I was out there today and spent
some time there. I thought I'm not quite sure what the Ming's setback is,
but that's also pretty substantial. Color, good color for the Baylands. I
appreciate that it was made to look as though it would hopefully blend. The
ARB certainly did yeoman's work four times, long notes. You guys did a very
good job. Thank you. I think you must have put hours and hours into that.
Lastly and probably the most important is that we do need appropriate
places for our commercial buildings. I can't think of a better place for a
commercial building, given that we certainly wouldn't put housing there. I
can't imagine putting any kind of other type of intensive use that would
involve needing transportation or would have safety issues and so forth. For
that reason, I'm in favor of the motion. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Yes. I'll be upfront here. I won't be supporting
the motion, but I do wonder if—you know what? I'm going to hold off. I'm
going to see if it's going to pass or not, then I may offer some amendments.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I concur with what's been said about the use of this
space. It's a good place to put an auto dealership. I actually think an auto
dealership is one of the few actually really good uses for this space. As it's
been said before, I don't think it's a good space for housing. Olive Garden's
a better space for housing. All of that makes a lot of sense to me. I think
what we're looking at then is not the use but the building. The thing I'm
grappling with is did it meet Code as defined. I think a couple of people said
why can it be 50 feet. With this FAR and that lot space, why can it be 50
feet? The answer is, I think, the FAR is sort of designed to sort of say you
can't put a building this big on a piece of land that big. That's basically what
                                                                           Page 120 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
