                         TRANSCRIPT
or somebody like Greg Schmid's personality. I like it, very analytical. It's
on your shoulders. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Our next speaker is Stephanie Munoz, to be
followed by John Fredrich.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I think
these post-election days are a very good time to rethink the way that we are
organizing society. Many people and people who have money feel that or
claim to feel that the government of whatever kind is doing too much for
poor people and taxing them. Nobody seems to speak up to say the poor
people are also getting taxed not only in a dramatic way like sending kids off
to be shot by a cannon, but also in order for people to make money with
large factories and skilled employees. The people who already live in a town
like Palo Alto find that they are being taxed. The fireplaces, the air can't
tolerate both the emissions from the fireplace and thousands of cars going
across them. Their lawns, there's not enough water to hold all those people
and the lawns. I think you should at least be fair and see that oftentimes
the people that are complaining are people who are really getting a better
deal than the others. I thought of that when the 14 people that wanted to
live in this house were just—nobody seemed to think that that was a
reasonable thing for people to do, that they would rather live in a teeny tiny
space than have to go for 2 hours or 3 hours out to Stanislaus County in
order to have a home from which they could go to their good job that they
liked. I would say that my plea is that you look at the housing situation,
that you ask the employers if they build a certain number of square feet
office space, that they actually build housing. I think they might be willing
to do it, because you can make a profit on housing, a modest profit. They'd
have their employees in hand, and they wouldn't have to be scrounging for
people who were willing not to live near each other. I think you can do that
if you allow or encourage people to make very small units for single people,
of which there are a lot. There are a lot of widows and widowers in their
60s, 70s, 80s and 90s. They do not need a game room, a guest room, a
pool room, a drawing room. Just a little room. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is John Fredrich.

John Fredrich: Good evening, friends and fellow citizens. I'm here to speak
for the third time on the issue of what was originally the urgency measure
on marijuana and tonight is Number 15 on the Agenda on Consent Calendar.
I'm rising under Oral Communications to a point of order. The question is
the questions that I raised earlier about the history of the drug interdiction
process that started with Operation Intercept in the early 1970s and where
we are now, especially where we are now post-Prop 64 passage, where we

                                                                          Page 9 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
