                          TRANSCRIPT
contributions from the large employers; $10,000 from the large employers,
$2,500 from medium employers, and then a $50 contribution from a small
employer. They're also actively seeking grants from other businesses and
foundations. I think they've been fairly successful in that already, but
they're going to talk a little bit about that in their presentation. As you may
remember, the City actually programmed $100,000 to implement TDM/TMA
pilot programs for FY 2016. That funding is still unexpended. We have not
dedicated it; we've been waiting for the TMA to get up and running before
we came to you with a proposal to use that $100,000 in pilot program. It's
our intention to ask for an additional $100,000 in future years to help
support the operations of the TMA. I think it's important to note that any
funding that was dedicated to the TMA we could attach goals and
performance measures and any type of strings, if you will, to that funding to
ensure that we were updated regularly on the progress, and that we could
track whether the TMA was meeting certain goals that were associated with
that funding. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob and Wendy.

Rob George, Philz Coffee, TMA Board Chairman: Good evening, Mayor Burt,
Vice Mayor. Thanks for having me this evening. I'm very excited to be
sitting here after a long year of meetings with the steering committee to be
fully formed. It's really a pleasure to sit here. Just a little bit about myself.
Area leader for Philz, a small employer in Downtown. I come to this Chair in
a very unique way. I'm not a transportation expert. I'm someone that
enjoys being deeply immersed in the communities that I live in and that I
serve in as an employee and employer. The 3 years that I've been with
Philz, I've been involved in the City of Palo Alto. It started with Jessica
asking me if I'd join the Residential Parking Program (RPP) Steering
Committee almost 3 years ago. Here I am sitting today in front of you.
Thank you for the privilege. I'm excited to share what we've worked on so
far and look forward to your questions afterward. First slide is really just an
overview of our mission statement. The mission statement itself is much
larger, but I wanted to draw out two key themes from our mission statement
that really lead with our spirit of collaboration not just from business but
from residents as well. I think that an important piece of the TMA being
successful is that we not only get support from the business community but
also from the residents that are loyal customers and in some cases are our
advocates in this process. The first bullet—I'm really calling out the bold
statement up here. Really our goal is to reduce single occupancy vehicle use
by coming up with solutions. I think that's something that we're excited to
do. Our Board is a pretty dynamic bunch, and solutions are important when
it comes to moving this TMA forward and being effective.               Again, to
emphasize a diverse range of employers, employees, residents and visitors,
because there are so many visitors to Palo Alto for a variety of reasons. I
think we can't forget those visitors as well. The second thing is really that
                                                                          Page 35 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
