                      ACTION MINUTES
Public Hearing closed at 10:39 P.M.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to adopt an Ordinance repealing and restating Chapter 16.17 of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code to adopt and amend the 2016 California Energy Code, Title
24, Chapter 6, of the California Code of Regulations.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.     Receipt of First Poll Results on Possible Local Transportation Funding
        Tax Measure and Direction to Staff.

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to refer
this to the Local Transportation Funding Committee to work with Staff and
the pollster to develop a second set of questions and conduct outreach with
stakeholders.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Kniss reported on the distribution of letters by bay area
refinery workers relating to her role as Vice Chair of the Bay Area Air Quality
Management District Board.        The letters pertained to a proposed rule
regulating pollution generated by refineries. The Board has adopted the
rule. She explained that this rule follows California regulations, which are
stricter than those of the United States Environmental Protection Agency.

Council Member Wolbach reported his attendance at a Project Sentinel event
this past Tuesday. He announced he spent last Wednesday in Sacramento
with the City’s lobbyist, Niccolo De Luca, Townsend Public Affairs, speaking
with numerous government officials.

Mayor Burt reported his attendance at the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation’s
45th Anniversary Celebration. He also attended the Water Conservation
Walk and Roll event on Saturday. He announced that Caltrain Policy Maker
Committee, on which he serves, will be taking a larger part in setting the
                                                                        Page 7 of 8
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                            Action Minutes: 5/2/16
