                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth:      You mean Council Member Schmid's question
earlier this evening?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I don't know if this was a change you guys
voted on or approved.

Council Member Filseth:   That particular issue didn't get discussed in
Finance. I've been sitting here wondering about the answer to Council
Member Schmid's question too.

Council Member DuBois: All right. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: We're now going to go to the public and now open the public
hearing. We have one speaker, Stephanie Munoz. You have up to three
minutes to speak.

Public Hearing opened at 10:24 P.M.

Stephanie Munoz: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council, for letting me speak.
I don't think that this is a welcome comment. It seems to me you're placing
altogether too much faith in money. Whenever you give privileges and
helps, little helpful things to the legitimate businesses that we all look for to
make Palo Alto rich and interesting, you raise the value of the property.
That's generally assumed to be a good thing, but it is not entirely a good
thing from the point of view of the society that has to support itself. When
you raise the value of the property, you raise the salaries that you have to
give all of your workers, the teachers, the firemen, the administrators, the
policemen, all of them. It's not working that well. The thought underlying a
lot of it is that there will be more funding for the schools. The price of
having a school system in which you can have a $4 million wrestling room
but not use an old gymnasium to house the homeless, the price of that is
unspeakable because the best and the brightest, many of them—just one
would be too of a high price. I'm not buying into it. They're opting out. You
can't have that. You just can't have that. We've got to do better with the
homeless. You've got to not have homeless. It's going to cost money, more
money because of the way that you're allowing the businesses to impact
with putting the workers off, off, off in the nether regions of Palo Alto,
Mountain View, Sunnyvale, farther and farther away, Stanislaus County. It's
very costly. The money that you're getting from the impact fees are not
going to catch up. God bless you. I know it's a difficult choice. I couldn't
do it, but you have to. God bless you. I wish you luck.

Public Hearing closed at 10:27 P.M.


                                                                          Page 84 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
