                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: What's that?

Council Member DuBois: What about ARB Finding 1?

Council Member Holman: We weren't able to list those, so I'm leaving that
one out. I'm trying to be somewhat expedient here. ARB Findings 2, 5, 6
and 16. Could I also suggest ...

Mayor Burt: Sorry. Are you also—since I was mixing site and design and
ARB, I was referring to Site and Design Finding Number 1 that is talking
about use.

Council Member DuBois: If I could comment on that one. The way I read
that—it says the use will be constructed in a manner that's compatible with
existing or potential adjoining uses.

Mayor Burt: Uses, not design. It's how the property is used. Is it retail, is
it office, is it ...

Council Member DuBois: It talks about construction of this building.

Mayor Burt: It's uses. What does okay mean?

Council Member DuBois: We can strike it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion,
“Findings Numbers 2, 4, 5, and 6” with “Findings Numbers 2, 5, 6 and 16.”

Council Member Holman: Can I suggest to the maker that I may have
something here that can move us along, I think? If we take out reference to
the Site and Design Finding 4, and we change "reject the proposed project"
to "return the project"—just listen for just a second—"refer the project back
to the ARB" as opposed to "reject the project." "Refer the project back to
the ARB such that ARB Findings 2, 5, 6 and 16 be met." That way we get
the uses that people are pretty happy with, and we get a better design, and
we're not rejecting the project.

Mayor Burt:   It doesn't embrace any of the other merits to the original
Motion.

Council Member Holman: Okay. At the end ...

Council Member DuBois: Rather than design the building through the
motion, I think the applicant has heard our comments. We could refer it
back—whether it's rejected and they go back to ARB or we refer it back, it
                                                                      Page 66 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/23/16
