                          TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto Free Press: It's great to be here. It's coming out of the jungles of
Nicaragua. What I’m here to talk about this evening is transparency. Back
in 2011, our City Attorney Molly Stump promised to make improvements to
her website. There have been no improvements. She also made the
promise that she would make more legal documents available. She has
made no legal documents available. I have been following Molly Stump
rather closely to really take a look at her record on transparency. There is
no record on transparency. She conducts the vast majority of her meetings
behind closed doors, information that should be made available to the
citizens of Palo Alto. If you look at her website, the last time the City report
has been updated was back in 2008. Something is wrong here. Something
is wrong with the picture. Maybe you should be put on a Performance
Improvement Plan (PIP) plan like I have done with many of my employees,
that is a performance in progress. Molly, I don't think you really deserve to
be the City Attorney. Actually, your history on transparency really needs to
be in that basket that Hillary Clinton talked about, that basket of deplorable.
That's where it needs to go. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Lawrence Garwin, to be followed by Lynn
Krug.

Lawrence Garwin: Mayor Burt, Council Members, residents of Palo Alto,
thank you for your attention. I have two items. One is it started raining
Friday. I think we're all happy to see the rain. I want everyone to take a
few minutes in the next couple of days to go around their yards and pour out
the water, so that we don't have mosquitoes hatching out. They can hatch
out in as little as a week even in chilly weather. The second item is I am a
neighbor of Castilleja and understand they have an emergency removal
that's been approved of this 120-foot redwood tree. I question the decision
to make an emergency removal, given that this came to their attention
during a tree survey in June. The emergency removal gives us much less
time to question it, get another arborist in to take a look at the tree and ask
if that is really necessary. It supposedly has nothing to do with Castilleja's
expansion; although, it stands in the way of their new garage. Information
about it is on the website with the expansion. At the meeting tomorrow,
which I encourage all the residents and the Council Members of Palo Alto to
attend, apparently the Chief Building Officer is going to be there.
Apparently, there's enough links between the tree and the construction that
there's these crossovers on the website and at the meeting. As well on Palo
Alto's website, the City Arborist Report isn't available, nor are the
attachments to Castilleja's Arborist Report, showing the diagrams they made
of the damage to the root ball. I'd like to ask the Council Members to go
ahead and look at the discussion on Nextdoor Palo Alto. I encourage
everybody to go in there and check it out, attend the meeting and also
                                                                        Page 10 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
