                         TRANSCRIPT
Jane Ratchye, Utilities Assistant Director: Jane Ratchye, Assistant Director.
The other difference is this is—the CLEAN program is a fixed price for 20-25
years. That doesn't change as rates may go up over 20 years. Presumably
the electric rates will increase over 25 years. In the CLEAN program, that's
a fixed rate for 25 years.

Mr. Abendschein: Twenty years from now, retail rates would be expected to
be even higher than they are now. Whereas, a customer in the CLEAN
program would still only be paying 16 1/2 cents.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I don't recall when we voted on the CLEAN
program that it was open to individual households. I thought it was clearly
identified as a major commercial program.

Mr. Abendschein: I may need to check on the history and get back to you
on that one.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Both of Council Member Schmid's questions are
interesting as well. How many are involved in the CLEAN program, which is
the one Greg just spoke about, versus how many will be involved in the NEM
program, roughly?

Mr. Abendschein: The CLEAN program, we don't have a completed project
yet. We're looking at a relatively small number of large projects. Two.

Council Member Kniss: How many?

Council Member Berman: Two.

Council Member Kniss: Two?

Mr. Abendschein: Four. Are we looking at (crosstalk).

Mr. Shikada: Four, if we count the (inaudible) garages.

Mr. Abendschein: Two to four customers. Whereas, we're looking at
hundreds in the Net Energy Metering program, and we would expect
hundreds more in the successor program.

Council Member Kniss: There's quite a difference.

Mr. Abendschein:   Yeah.   They're different programs focused on different
markets.


                                                                      Page 20 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
