                         TRANSCRIPT
the health department include four or five criteria for the Fire Department in
their annual inspection. We would not charge a fee; it would just be built
into the health inspection fee. This is again for a very large event where
you're going to have, say, 20 trucks. It's to go out and make sure that the
way they're laid out and where all the extra propane tanks are being stored
is safe, there's a means of egress, and people are not going to be put in
harm's way. This is not for small events. It's not for individual food trucks
being permitted.

Mr. Keene: Let's just separate out the fact that there's a permitting process
for a food truck that is done, say, once a year or whatever. That's very
separate from any special event. It's not like every time you get a food
truck, if you had it come to your neighborhood, you have to have an
inspection or whatever. What you're really saying is beyond the regular food
truck permitting that's a requirement to be able to operate a food truck. If
you have some Woodstock of food trucks, trying to deal with all the
compounded impact of it as far as all the electricity or generators or
whatever it is.

Mr. Henrikson: Correct. Forgive me for bringing up the countywide portion,
but that's just to reiterate that we're looking at that as part of the health
inspection. The food trucks will be able to come and go to neighborhood
events and whatnot. It's just for the very large events where you're going
to have a food truck area, that the Committee can then choose to go that
route.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Maybe we owe some apology here. When this
came to Finance, we really focused on the Development Center fees and
didn't really pay much attention to the kinds of things that Vice Mayor
Scharff has brought up. I have had a number of people tell me that the
Know Your Neighbor grant is pretty much gobbled up by fees that people
have to pay to have block parties and neighborhood parties. I don't know
quite what to do with this. I see the very last thing here is air-supported
structures. Does that mean a play structure? The fee now is going to be
$782. There are inflatable structures that are part of parties all the time.

Mr. Henrikson: The air-supported structure is the term in      the Code. It's
really, in our fee schedule, for the large tents. Again, the   20,000-square-
foot Hewlett Packard party tent, where structurally it needs   to be approved
by an engineer, the way it's secured to the ground, so that    updrafts, winds

                                                                         Page 89 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
