                         TRANSCRIPT
the vote on it. Just very back of the napkin, if we froze our jobs and had
zero job growth over this period, not modest but zero, to obtain this we
would have to add housing units that would be equivalent to about 20
percent of our existing jobs. That's, say, in the ballpark of enough housing
units to employ—I'm not sure how the math is going to go. Eric, have you
done the math?

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: No, that's not right.

Council Member Berman: It's a third.

Mayor Burt: Wait, use your mic.

Council Member Filseth: We've got 28,000 housing units now. It looks to
me like we'd have to add about 10,000. That would be another 50 percent
of the housing stock (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I suspect that's actually low when you look at jobs per
household. Even if we use that number, we're talking about adding ...

Council Member Filseth: It's big.

Mayor Burt: ... 10,000 housing units in this period, and freezing jobs
growth. For me, it's nice to throw out some number, but I don't think my
colleagues have actually thought through the ramifications of this
amendment. The maker and the seconder, I'm saying. If Council Members
feel they understand the ramifications of this well enough to vote on it, we
can go forward. If people want to speak to it, we can speak more. Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just had a quick question. Was the intent the
overall balance would got to 2.5 or just the growth, the new jobs would go
to 2.5?

Council Member Schmid: The intention was to take the new job growth over
the 15, 16-year period.

Mayor Burt: No, that's not what this says at all.

Council Member Wolbach: I think the goal is to see what kinds of changes
over the next 15 years would result in a balance similar to what we had in
1990.

Mayor Burt: That's what the motion says.
                                                                      Page 78 of 88
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 2/22/16
