                          TRANSCRIPT
a domino effect is going to set in if the SSO is rejected, and we will see more
and more second stories or even scrape-offs, which is what happened on
Louis Road directly across from the Eichler Swim and Tennis Club and which
generated our request for this SSO. I appreciate your considering that set
of points.

Mayor Burt:    Our next speaker is Robert Moss, to be followed by Randi
Brenowitz.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I just wanted
to make some general comments about the single-story overlay. As you
know, Eichlers are designed as an open-type building, large windows looking
out at the interior yards and designed so that there are a group of single-
story buildings next to each other, and they don't look into each other's
windows. When you put a two-story building in that area, you start getting
problems with people feeling they're being infringed upon, which is why we
have overlays in a number of Eichler neighborhoods. I have no skin in this
game. I don't live in an Eichler neighborhood. I think there are no more
than maybe two dozen Eichlers in all of Barron Park. The people who do live
in an Eichler neighborhood have real issues about privacy and about
consistency of appearance of the buildings. I think that ought to be
considered. One of the objections to having an SSO is property values. I
have never seen a realtor say that a two-story house with the same area as
a one-story house is more valuable. I have lived in two-story houses and
one-story houses. Believe me, I far prefer living in a one-story house. I
would pay a little bit more for a one-story house than a two-story. I
consider it a lot more convenient. The idea that property values are going to
be impacted negatively by having an SSO does not compute. If you want to
ask realtors, I think you'll find they'll all say the same thing. The second
thing is whether or not the specific dimensions of the SSO should be revised.
It's not uncommon once an approval is requested for some of the people to
change their minds and ask to have the dimensions changed, to have the
lines of the SSO revised. Whether you do that or not is up to you. In this
case, you can argue that because the people have withdrawn their approval,
there no longer are 60 percent in favor of the SSO for the outline that's on
the board before you. In that case, you could of course remove the one
street and go back up to over 60 percent. That would be logical. If you
wish to do so, fine. The point I'd like to make is it's reasonable for people
who live especially in Eichlers to ask for SSOs. There's no reason to say this
is a bad thing or a good thing. You look at the particular issue of the
particular request and decide on that basis.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Randi Brenowitz, to be
followed by our final speaker, Drew Fisher.
                                                                        Page 56 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
