                         TRANSCRIPT
forward to the coming year hoping that we can adjourn early this evening as
a positive sign of the year ahead. Now I'm looking at our script.

2.   Election of Vice Mayor for 2016.

Mayor Burt: The floor is now open for nominations for Vice Mayor. Council
Members may nominate themselves or another Council Member, and no
second is required. Is this Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to nominate Council Member Greg Scharff
for Vice Mayor

NOMINATION:         Council Member Wolbach nominated Council Member
Scharff for Vice Mayor for 2016.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to nominate somebody who has never been
Vice Mayor, Karen Holman.

NOMINATION:       Council Member DuBois nominated Council Member
Holman for Vice Mayor for 2016.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Any other nominees? Council Member Wolbach,
would you like to speak to your nomination?

Council Member Wolbach: Briefly. First, let me say I think that there are
actually eight people who would be very qualified to serve as Vice Mayor for
the coming year. I've been thinking about the accomplishments, many of
which have been mentioned, over the past year by this Council, by the
community, by the Staff; the challenges facing us in the coming year; and
what the opportunities are in the coming year. I think really the question is
how can we have a team that works well, that works collegially, that
presents balance, that will work together to address the complex issues and
to respect and represent the diversity of views on the Council and in the
community. Just to recap a little bit. Over the last year, in 2015 we've
really refocused on and focused on systemic thinking about long-term
issues. We've focused on resident concerns both immediate and long-term.
We've focused on building a collegial atmosphere among the Council. As
Council Member Kniss mentioned earlier, we started 2015 with a sense of
division. I think we've started 2016 with a sense of unity, a sense of
collective purpose. Going into 2016, we'll face a number of significant
challenges, both internal and external. Internal, the financial issues that
have been mentioned, Staff overload in no small part thanks to an ambitious
Council. It'll be important to clearly set priorities as Mayor Burt mentioned
                                                                        Page 7 of 23
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/4/16
