                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: The other thing having to do with trips, is there a
"what if" or a backup plan if the trips analysis ends up to be not accurate?
Is there a "what if" or a backup plan to help mitigate traffic impacts?

Ms. Palter: We do still ultimately have our no net trips goal that we have
been performing under.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: It's nice to not have to vote on the outcome of this,
believe me. A couple of questions about Escondido Village. How does that
change what is going on there? What's the impact on the Village versus
your new construction and so forth?          Can one of you answer that?
Essentially, you're really changing things around a bit. You're not going to
have families in the high rises obviously. You are going to continue to have
Escondido Village pretty much as it is currently?

Ms. McCown: Yes. The 400 beds that are in the location where these new
units will go are, as Catherine said, the low-rise units. It's a mix today of
families and single students that live in those.          In the remainder of
Escondido Village, it's not being touched by this. There's a large number of
those similar style of units. One of the things that Shirley's group is working
on is providing the opportunity for the family-level setting to be located in
these other locations that are a similar style of unit, again that have a mix of
singles, families. The accommodation for that family-style unit will be
absolutely present in Escondido Village even with the addition of this
housing.

Council Member Kniss: Probably a sociology question, but given that there
are dramatic changes that are taking place, especially since you have
primarily millennials, I'm gathering, in this setting, is that changing the
number of families and kids dramatically from what it used to be?

Ms. McCown: I'm going to let Shirley, who's the expert of her graduate
student community over there ...

Council Member Kniss: My guess would have to be you have a lot more
single people than you did before.

Ms. Everett: You are absolutely correct. We will be adding 2,000 more
single students and couples. Currently, we have about 260 families that live
in Escondido Village that are guaranteed housing. What we're doing is
upgrading and refurbishing the family houses that we had, I would say,
                                                                         Page 11 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
