                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: You'd put it into 6 if you were going to do it?

Ms. Gitelman: If we were going to add it to another scenario.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What about the concept of looking at an HOV lane
instead? Is that a useful concept or not?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know without talking to the traffic people about
whether there would really be a difference in the peak hour, modeling it as
an HOV versus just a mixed-flow lane. I'd have to defer to the experts on
that. I can certainly ask them.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Any way to get that information tonight? My sense is
there is; otherwise, why do we have HOV lanes? In fact, it may make it less
effective. I don't know.

Ms. Gitelman: I can certainly ask them. I'm not going to be able to get
them this evening to ask them. It depends on what the future volumes are
in the peak hour and what the demand is in 2030. They're projecting mode
shares and ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Any down side to have one of them do it as an HOV
lane?

Ms. Gitelman: No.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In general, when it comes back to Motions, I actually
think what we really should do is move forward with the Staff
recommendation, put that up there, and then have Council Members make
Motions to tweak it. That way you start with what the Staff proposed. That
way Council Members can say I think we should remove—what Tom was
saying—this program here as opposed to a Council Member saying I want to
start with this Motion with these three things removed. That makes it more
difficult to decide. You have to make Motion to put that back in or not do
that. It's much easier to do it the other way. I don't know what the rest of
you think about that. As a process, I think that works better given how
many of these amendments we can possibly have as each Council Member
goes through these things on these charts. I'll leave up to the Mayor to
think about.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A question was raised here; a comment was
made. I've heard this before. What's the problem and challenge with a


                                                                         Page 46 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
