                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Next speaker is Carmina Littlefield, to be followed
by Christian Pease.

Carmina Littlefield: Hi. I'm Carmina, and I'm Mr. Hodos' neighbor. For
those who are more familiar with Spanish, this is the Spanish translation of
what he just said. [Spanish language translation] Thanks.

Council Member Schmid: Muchas gracias. Next speaker is Christian Pease.
I have three associates, two associates.

Christian Pease: Good afternoon. My name's Christian Pease, and I speak
today on behalf of the Evergreen Park Residential Parking Permit Program
Committee. We're a group who is both pro retail business and working hard
to address a growing commuter problem in our neighborhood. With respect
to the Downtown Residential Parking program being discussed today, we
think it's likely to say that nobody is completely enamored or delighted with
it. However, this may actually speak well to the process and compromise
that has driven it to where it is today. After years of collaboration and
negotiation including between business and residents, it is time to
implement this program inclusive of the 2,000 permit cap and 10-year
phase-out and move on. Again, we are a neighborhood group, but we know
a healthy and prosperous retail business community is essential and
beneficial to our civic society as a whole. There is no question that these
businesses and their employees deserve reasonable and affordable means of
getting to and from work.          Yet, as Palo Alto marches forward with
development and increasing density and more and more pressure is put on
finite public resources, services, and infrastructure, a long-term solution
must be found. Residential Parking Programs in themselves are not the
answer. Clearly any such solution will be very difficult to reach and to agree
amongst very diverse stakeholders.          Nevertheless, implementing the
Downtown program provides a decade of certainty for all concerned. It also
helps concentrate minds on the real solution. Importantly, it will also keep
the question of Residential Parking Permits, how many and where, from
dominating the difficult process we must engage to answer the private car
commuting dilemma we all now face together. Thank you very much for
your time.

Council Member Schmid: Thank all of you very much. Next speaker is Mary
Anne Baker, to be followed by Chop Keenan.

Mary Anne Baker: My name is Mary Anne Baker, and I live on Hamilton
Avenue in Crescent Park. We signed the petition to include our street in
your proposal. At the time, we and most of our neighbors did not know that
you would also be selling parking permits to Downtown workers. We

                                                                        Page 12 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
