                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just to follow up the discussion on the tennis
courts. Across the street is the parking lot for Rinconada Library. I noticed
just on your maps it appears to be the same size as the tennis courts. It
has only half the number of residences backing up against it. Why would
that be a problem area? Why wasn't that one of the chosen sites?

Mr. Eggleston: Brad Eggleston again. It was one site that we briefly
discussed. Essentially with the major disruption of the Rinconada Library
construction project that was just completed in the last two years there and
the serious impacts we would have on the brand new parking lot
infrastructure there, we decided it wasn't the best option.

Council Member Schmid: I think you will find out going to the community
that it raises a lot less hackles because it's a parking lot. It's not a
recreation area, and it backs up on far fewer homes than does the tennis
courts. I guess one other question I would have on the Geng Road is would
the Fire Chief be comfortable with the hours 8:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M.

Mr. Nickel: Operationally, that may be a bit of a challenge for us. Our shift
change is at 8:00 in the morning. We had originally proposed, when we
modeled this out, an 8:00 A.M. to 8:00 P.M. type of configuration, 8:00 A.M.
to 8:00 P.M. 6:00 A.M. would be a challenge, because the crews would
typically be getting ready for a shift change.

Council Member Schmid:      It's a challenge for the crews or a challenge for
the response.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I think it's really clear that the Chief and
the Deputy Chief are all over this thing and did a really thorough job. I think
we ought to do whatever they want to do. If they want to do Geng Road,
we ought to do Geng Road. If they were here asking us for some way to
fast track the Rinconada site, then we ought to do that. If they're asking for
Geng Road and that's what they want, I think we ought to do it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Very quickly, now that the tennis courts are off
the table with dedicated parkland issues, I'll support the recommendation by
the City Staff and happy to do so.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

                                                                       Page 44 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
