                         TRANSCRIPT
anti-recidivism program going into 17 of the 19 state prisons. I just mention
it just to showcase a little bit of what we're doing in an arts plus strategy.
Arts and aging. Again, Randy spoke to this issue of arts of healthcare. In
communities like Burbank where the arts are actively involved in senior
living, again for the healthcare interests of that population. It's an area of
growth for us at the State, and something that we're increasingly interested
in. At-risk youth. We have ten grant programs at the State, several of
which the City of Palo Alto could take advantage of. It may be even more
accurately nonprofits here within your City could take advantage of. One of
them is called Jump Starts which is really an attempt to focus on at-risk
youth and the role of the arts in intervening for at-risk youth. When I
started at the Arts Council 4 1/2 years ago, we had a $1 million general fund
allocation. We were dead last in State funding. I'm proud to say, as we
move across to the right, you'll see the growth of our funding. Where we
started with a budget of 5 million in total, we now have a budget of 12
million. That's a reflection, 250 percent increase in our funding, it's a
reflection of what's going on with public investment in the arts as we make
the case effectively that investments in the arts are investments in a wide
range of possibilities. Again, at the State level, as Randy talks about on the
national level, this arts plus strategy, whether it's arts and education, arts
and at-risk youth, arts and health, these are ways that cities all across
America are finding as good investments, as a way to solve problems. Not
seeing the arts as a separate silo, but as equal partners sitting at the table
as you as a City or as a community solve issues that are problems for you.
Lastly, this may or may not play into your future, but AB 189 was passed
this past year. A bill that we encouraged Senator Richard Bloom from Santa
Monica, perhaps another comparison city to Palo Alto, who saw in his own
community the power of the arts for economic development. He thought,
along with us, what could we do for California cities to encourage greater
cultural development. We now have the authority, because of this law being
passed and signed by the Governor. By this fall we will implement a
program where cities all over California can apply for designation for a local
arts and culture district. With that will come marketing and branding,
technical assistance and, we hope over time, direct intervention in the form
of support grants as walkable, definable communities, whether it's portions
of Santa Monica, Pasadena, Berkeley where your City Manager's from.
These are communities all over the state that could benefit from cultural
development in service to economic development. Anyway, that's really our
presentation. We really want to get into this next part of the conversation.
We'll kick that right off now.

Mayor Burt: Those were great presentations. Randy, I want to know which
state is either the one that's gotten shortchanged or is still on your bucket
list.
                                                                        Page 7 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
