                          TRANSCRIPT
Manager for Bay Area Bike Share which is a subsidiary of Motivate. We
visited you back in April and kind of gave you a rundown on the status of our
current pilot bike share system and had a Study Session and got some great
comments from you on directions you wanted to see our bike sharing
program go. Just to bring you up to speed, our pilot program is part of the
larger Bay Area Bike Share pilot that was funded by the Air Quality
Management District, launched back in 2013. Palo Alto, Redwood City and
Mountain View all participated in this pilot as well as San Francisco and San
Jose. There were 700 bikes total in the entire pilot; 37 of those bikes were
in Palo Alto, and we had five stations. Those are still in operation today.
Currently there's a large-scale expansion of Bay Area Bike Share under way.
This will bring the system to 7,000 bikes, making it one of the largest
systems in the entire world once it's expanded to 7,000 bikes. Emeryville,
Berkeley and Oakland are joining the system. Initially the Peninsula was not
included in that expansion. If you remember, we discussed that back in
April. Our current system, as you know, is not performing very well. We
think this is directly related to the small number of stations, the small
service area, and the fact that the system uses a point-to-point smart dock-
style of equipment, which requires a user to travel between two specific
places. If there's not a dock located at either their origin or destination, the
system is not useful for that user. As a result, our bikes only saw an
average of 0.17 trips per bike per day. It's not the most poorly performing
subsystem within the pilot, but it's pretty close. Again, we think that's
mainly because of the structure of the system. Our goal moving forward
would be to get the utilization up to at least 1 trip per day per bike, which is
kind of the industry standard for a system our size. An interesting find,
when we look at the data from our current pilot system, the most popular
trip leg is between the two most distant stations. That tells me that we're
not really serving the market. The biggest trip pair is from the Downtown
Caltrain station to the station that's at University and Cowper, which is
actually the farthest you can ride from the Downtown Caltrain bike share
station. I think moving forward, if we have more coverage and enable
people to make longer trips to and from Caltrain and our business districts
and Downtown and Cal. Ave., I think we're going to see an increase in the
number of trips per day per bike. Back in October of 2015, Metropolitan
Transportation Commission (MTC) provided some funding to SamTrans, and
we kicked off a study in coordination with SamTrans, Redwood City and
Mountain View and also attended by MTC staff to look at what the post-pilot
Peninsula bike share system should look like. I updated you on this study
back in April and let you know that the group was starting to lean towards a
preference for a smart bike system, SoBi being kind of the premier example
of a smart bike system. We presented to you all the information we had
from that study back in April. I think the Minutes are included from that
meeting in your packet this evening. Since that meeting, the City of San
                                                                         Page 73 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
