                          TRANSCRIPT

on the ground, add some language like it's X now, shouldn't go below X and
we aspire to meet the standard over Y period of time. You might do
something like that just to sort of make it a little more concrete. That was
my suggestion; try to make it more concrete.

Mayor Burt: I guess, Council Member DuBois, the light was on, but he's
already spoken. Let me go ahead and wade into some of my thoughts. First
at an overview level, have we looked at if we even take this section or
chapter as a first example and we wanted to be able to use this as a way in
which we look at how we're doing all the various chapters. Have we looked
at the number of policies and programs that we have in this draft versus our
current Comp Plan and how that compares to also what's typical in other
cities' Comp Plans? As well as the length of the narratives which seem quite
long to me? Do we have any point of reference on how much this has grown
in just its volume from the prior Comp Plan?

Mr. Dennis: We certainly understand how it's grown to itself. As it
compares to other municipalities, I think it's somewhat larger than other
municipalities. I think that's fair. Narrative can be all over the map. I've
seen narratives that are less than a page. I've seen narratives that last 20,
depending on the Comprehensive or General Plan. We recognize generally
that there were programs and policies than we'd initially set out to, but that
was (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Do we have any idea how many more policies and programs or
what percentage increase of policies and programs?

Mr. Dennis: Not done that level of analysis.

Mayor Burt: I suspect it's quite a lot. It appears to be a lot. Looking at
each one in isolation, we can probably make good arguments for most of
them. Although, I see many that I think there's quite a bit of repetition on.
Overlap I'll say, if not repetition, partial repetition. My read is that we need
to streamline this a lot. I haven't really been hearing too much from my
colleagues on just the streamlining. There's another dimension to this which
is the impacts or ramifications of these various proposed programs. That's a
second issue. I have difficulty giving support or not for this draft without
looking at an aggregation of the programs. Which of those have direct
financial or Staff-based financial ramifications. To look at how many new
programs we've added that would have those impacts and what are they.
When we stop looking at them separately, what do they look like together?
They're throughout this section, but we don't have a way that says here's all
                                                                          Page 41 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
