                          TRANSCRIPT
it's clearly within our discretion as to what the practice could be for the
Board.

Council Member Holman: I don't have the right glasses with me and it's
small print, so bear with me for just a moment. Regular meetings, this is
Page 8 of the draft. Meetings will be held quarterly without call or notice on
such dates and at such times. It's also mentioned just prior to that, annual
meetings. The Board shall hold an annual meeting for the purpose of
organization, the selection of directors when required by those Bylaws and
officers, da, da, da. Annual meetings of the Board shall be held without call
or notice. Do I just misread what that intention is? If so, then I would like
the language to be clearer going forward.

Mr. Keene: A couple of things I would say. I wasn't part of this; I would
imagine this is borrowed from some standard language that is used.
Number one, if the language isn't clear, there's a process for amending the
Bylaws to make it clear. I think the best direction ultimately to get from the
Council would be, if you want to ensure that the meetings are public,
certainly the meetings of the Board, then you should state that today. That
can be very clear, and we'll be sure to follow up whether there's a necessity
to clean or change the language or the practice. Certainly as City Manager,
I'd be advocating that the meetings of the Board be public. Your earlier
question as it relates to the size of the Board, the Bylaws do explicitly set, at
least now as I read them, the size of the Board. There are only six or so
Board Members right now with the ability to add up to seven more, to
thirteen. It sets minimum limits as far as the makeup of the Board by
business size. Again, interesting concerns that the Council expresses could
be things that we could work with the Board and take a look at as far as
adding future members to the Board. My sense was—again, this is just as
somebody as an outsider here—that the startup of the Board was to tap into
folks who were actively interested, engaged and willing to make some
contributions to help get the TMA launched with the clear understanding that
the Board would have to grow. Obviously the reach of the TMA is going to
have to significantly grow. It seemed easier to get it started and get going
and then add to it than it was to maybe try to get people on the Board who
might not be interested out of the get go or might not be the optimal
balance in representation.

Council Member Holman: Let me say very clearly that I think the meetings
ought to be public. It's not really clear to me how the Board selection was
made. Is it a self-selecting group? It also says in the draft, because that's
what I've seen, that members have to be people who have made
contribution to the TMA within the last year. That eliminates a lot of people
who maybe didn't even know that they could make a contribution or what
                                                                          Page 47 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
