                          TRANSCRIPT
side, that's about as large a radius that we could get to fit and still make the
column locations (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: This is their standard radius?

Mr. Schnabel: That would be the standard. This would be what we had to
live with on that side, because of a lot of the constraints that we had on that
side.

Mayor Burt: On the west side, I wasn't quite clear. If you're going—I'll call
it southbound on West Bayshore and you want to turn and get on the ramp,
what I thought I saw in the video seemed like a very sharp turn.

Mr. Schnabel: It is a very sharp turn. It's basically a 180-degree turn.

Mayor Burt: Is that an issue?

Mr. Schnabel: It is what it is. It is with regards to access, but people will
have to stop there and look both ways before they get on the ramp.

Mayor Burt: It seems like the fix is if you have earlier than that juncture a
small, moderately sharp radius that would …

Mr. Schnabel: We looked at trying to fit that in there. Unfortunately there's
a very large utility box that's located right at that location where we're doing
the transition. We'll have to do some utility modifications at that location.
There's also not a lot of space to do that with regards to the grades. One of
the challenges is that we have high voltage lines that are basically located
here in this area, that we have to maintain vertical clearance underneath.
The secondary challenge is to get above the Google parking lot to give them
sufficient headroom, vertical clearance, to get their cars and trucks
underneath. There was a challenge with the slopes to get from here to
there.

Mayor Burt: On the Google parking lot, you said cars and trucks. I don't
know that parking lot well. Is it possible that they don't need to get trucks
there and that can be worked in, that we can have a …

Mr. Schnabel: We're discussing those issues with them and what works
functionally with regards to the parking lot. We've modified it quite a bit,
and we're looking to try to make sure that they either don't get a loss in
their number of parking spaces and that the parking spaces are still
functional for the use.

Mayor Burt: On Page 20 or Slide 20, you've got a timeline that I'm not sure
if there's a typo or I'm misunderstanding something. It says that Phase 1,
                                                                          Page 63 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
