                          TRANSCRIPT
created, I feel, by the City Council which was elected by the whole City.
You've allowed, not you but the Council has allowed—I guess, the powers
that be have allowed over-building and under-facilities for parking. This is a
City problem, not a problem to be solved by Professorville and Crescent
Park. I think that we are now experiencing cars parked solidly down
Hamilton. It's ruining our neighborhood. Children can't ride their bikes;
they have to ride their bikes in the street. They can't along the edge
because there's no place for them to ride. We can't get out of our driveways
easily because you can't see what's coming in either direction because the
cars are parked smack up to the driveways. I think that the Residential
Parking Permit solution is pretty much underway, but I think that the Council
has to think about a solution that is supported and paid for by the entire
City. I think you should think outside the box and perhaps find a large
parking area. There's one over in Menlo Park where all those car dealerships
were. Could you rent that from Menlo Park and then have a shuttle system?
We say that our public transportation doesn't solve the problem, but maybe
that's our problem. Maybe we should implement some public transportation
for these people who need to come here in their cars. If you have a shuttle
service, you'll reduce the number of cars on the streets. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.        Next speaker is Peter Stone, to be
followed by Neilson Buchanan.

Peter Stone: Vice Mayor Schmid and Council, I'm speaking as current Chair
of the Board of the Chamber of Commerce. The business community, as
you've heard throughout the day, has supported from the beginning a fair
and balanced RPP, recognizing the need to relieve the over-parking in the
residential neighborhoods around Downtown.           Several of the business
representatives here participated in the stakeholder process throughout.
Our objection today is to the mandated reduction. Writing into law the 200
permits per year was not part of the initial scope of the RPP. It is not
supported by any data as several speakers have noted. There's really no
basis for the conclusion that this is needed to achieve the objectives of the
RPP. Elimination of employee parking in the residential neighborhoods,
complete elimination was not on the agenda and should not be on the
agenda. It falls disproportionately onto the small businesses and low-wage
workers who currently are using permits in neighborhoods. Hopefully once
the permits are distributed more rationally, the neighborhoods will be
substantially relieved of the problems that they had before the RPP went into
effect. I would just join those who are urging you not to rush into writing
this annual reduction into law. There will be continuing opportunities to
evaluate the effectiveness of the program. If it appears necessary to reduce
the number of permits, I'm not sure that it will, then obviously action can be
taken at that time. We have supported the shared streets philosophy,
                                                                        Page 32 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
