                          TRANSCRIPT
agreement between the Council and the Staff as to revised work plans that are
updated periodically throughout the year and transparent. This is one of the
things that we as a Council have been looking for. We have that starting point
here today, but now we need a next iteration. I don't think we need Retreats
throughout the year, but I think we do need a follow-on to this meeting that
will be talking about in greater depth these different special meetings or
referrals. I'd put them into four buckets, these kind of larger scale discussions
that aren't reactive to just Action Items that must come forward. They could
be certain things in a Committee as a Whole. They are Study Sessions which
we have routinely. Some things could be referred to standing committees. We
simply say at the Committee as a Whole, like we actually did last year, those go
off to a given Standing Committee and let them work on it. Some of them we'll
simply say no, that's an Action Item. Let's bring it back and, yes, it has some
Study Session elements to it, but we want to have it come back as an Action
Item. Those are the four buckets I had in mind. Maybe I'm not capturing all of
them. I don't think we're going to be able to figure out today which of these
various items that we want to have more discussion on this coming year should
be done in which format. We had some of our colleagues put together some
recommendations. In addition to what's written down here, Staff didn't capture
some of what I had down, but they're either here or some of them are on the
dots. We have our Housing Element implementation and the transfer of sites to
Downtown. We have how we're going to deal with transportation. We have the
traffic impact methodologies. As Council Member Schmid had talked about,
how do we align the Comp Plan process with actions that the Council is taking
related to the Comp Plan and make sure that the alignment and sequencing is
right. We certainly have additional work on airplane noise. I still want to
return or have the Policy and Services Committee look at core values so that
we don't continue to kind of struggle with what belongs as a priority and what
does not. Various topics like that. That's kind of what colleagues have put out
here, several of our colleagues, some of those. We have a number of things
still as prospective subjects for future meetings. It doesn't look like we're going
to be able to identify which ones should be when. I think one of our issues is
when and how do we grapple with that. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Here's a thought. In figuring out where to go from
here and specifically how all these items are going to come back to us, are they
going to come to a Committee of the Whole? Are they going to go to a
Commission? Are they going to go to a Committee? Are they going to come
back as a regular Action Item? I'd be fine with—rather than all of us working
through each of these and saying here's how it goes, here's where this goes,
here's where that goes, I'd be fine with letting the Mayor, the Vice Mayor and
the City Manager sit down and do that and then bring a proposal back to
Council even on Consent. Say here's our plan for how these items will get

                                                                          Page 69 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
