                          TRANSCRIPT
the implementation plans coming back in early 2017 specific near-term
actions and costs, how to move from theory to practice, and the first steps
on the path that we're on here. Do this in the context of the more
aspirational, longer-term goals. We'll look at what's practical in 2017, '18,
'19 and '20 but in the context of where we want to get to by 2030. As
Council established in 2009, we'll need to use life-cycle analysis and total
cost of ownership and consideration of externalities to guide our financial
decisions. This is something the Council was, I think, one of the earliest
cities in the country to put a stake in the ground on, but it's something we
have not yet implemented fully, partly because the techniques of doing it
aren't fully developed. We're working with other cities to look at how we can
advance that. We need to align incentives to ensure that the things that we
subsidize encourage the results that we want, not the results that we don't
want. As I mentioned before, flexible platforms that let us take practical,
near-term steps, but build our muscles and our reflexes and our ability to
see opportunities as we go forward. The reason that we have these
guidelines and principles in here is, frankly, that we're navigating uncertain
seas. We're in a world that's volatile and uncertain and complex and
ambiguous. We need to have a clear destination in mind but understand
that our route is going to vary. Much like a sailor on a ship, tacking toward
a destination is not always directly on course but is moving in general
toward that course. This is a different kind of planning than we typically do.
We typically focus on what's our capacity to move right now on a particular
issue. This is a kind of planning that says where is it that we want to go and
how might we get there. We'll need to do both of these together, but
understanding that they're different and there's going to be inevitably some
creative tension between them. Jim, do you want to speak to this slide?

James Keene, City Manager: Are you nearing the end?

Mr. Friend: Yes, I am.

Mr. Keene: I'll make some other comments. We put this together really,
really quickly, like in the last half hour before the Council meeting. It's not
in your Packet. When I was looking at the Staff Report, there's still some
unanswered questions about precisely how the S/CAP and the Comp Plan
itself will be cross-referenced or incorporated. In fact, we were late in
coming back to the Council. From your directive, you asked us to come back
in two months. That put us right about at the Council break. The Citizens
Advisory Committee (CAC) was getting rolling with its sustainability
subcommittee over the summer. We made some progress on really more
logistical issues about how the Comp Plan itself will include references
specifically and ultimately for the need for the Comp Plan to, once it's
completed, feed back to the S/CAP. We might want to make changes in the
                                                                       Page 20 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
