                         TRANSCRIPT
look forward to continuing to work with all of you to ensure that we have
housing for all in Palo Alto. Thank you for your leadership and thank you for
the opportunity to speak before you today.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lisa Chung from Senator Hill's
Office.

Lisa Chung, Senator Jerry Hill’s Office: I should have come after Litsie, then
the mic would be at the right place. Mayor Burt and Vice Mayor Scharff,
members of the City Council, thank you for giving me the opportunity to
speak today. I'll be very brief. My boss would not send me here if he didn't
think it was very important and that you have something very special to do,
innovative and collaborative. I urge you to vote in support of Item 18.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members, you have at places a letter
from me that expresses a concern that I have previously expressed of fees
collected from commercial and industrial development being used for a part
of the $14.5 million. The nexus study for those fees documented and
quantified the housing needs for the new working population in those
nonresidential structures. The fee was set on the basis of their housing
needs rather than addressing existing housing problems or needs. My
concern is that, since I believe that use of the fees is not possible based
upon the nexus study, the use of those fees would then be subject to a
challenge from some developer of nonresidential property and say we
shouldn't be collecting those fees anymore, because they're not being used
in the proper way. Passing a resolution or a new nexus study after the fact
does not justify the use of those fees that were collected under a different
nexus study. The reason why the City has the ability to spend $14.5 million
is that fees were collected from projects throughout the City. You waited for
an opportunity to pool that money for this particular project. That's why I
was surprised when you were discussing the 567 Maybell project that
speakers were asked their opinion of whether the in-lieu housing fees from
that development should be targeted in their neighborhood. I think the
procedure we've had up to date is the proper one, that you pool the fees and
not target them from a specific development for a specific project. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sea Reddy.

Sea Reddy: Thank you for the opportunity. I will be very short. We all
know about when we were going to school, there's a Maslow's theory of a
pyramid. The basic part of it is biological and physical needs. It says it's
                                                                        Page 35 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
