                          TRANSCRIPT
Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer: The reason that we put yellow on it
is that in that scenario that would affect the timing of our ability to respond
to the Council's request to keep the momentum on the S/CAP. It could
delay the ability to deliver. To your question before, Mayor Burt, the Council
had asked us in April to come back in two months with a process for
integrating S/CAP and the Comp Plan.           Director Gitelman and I have
designed that process. We're working with the City Manager to determine
when we can bring that to you, given your schedule, perhaps just as an
informational item if that would be suitable. We've been working with the
sustainability board to address the second item, which was to develop
implementation plans—probably three are implementation plans—for the
critical items in the S/CAP with a target on that of 6 months. We're in the
planning process on that now, and the ability to move on that is going to
depend on Staff ability from the participating departments, some of which as
you've heard this evening is stressed, as well as the ability of the
Sustainability Office, which is frankly smaller than it was last year and
smaller than Sustainability Offices of cities of comparable size. We depend
on some consulting resource to be able to move that forward. We'll have a
better sense over the next 30-45 days what impact that would have on
timing. Our intention at this point is still to bring that back to you in a 6-
month window, October, November, if that's feasible. The yellow is here
because the availability of supplemental funds will affect our ability to
maintain schedule.

Mayor Burt: These are supplemental funds that would be expended in the
first half of Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 that we have a budgeted amount for all of
2017. I don't know the burn rate on that. We have a contingency, and
we're talking about just how much contingency.           I'm still trying to
understand why whatever the Finance Committee is considering on how
much contingency is holding up the proceeding.

Mr. Friend: It's not that it's holding up proceedings. It's not red; it's yellow.
It's saying that there may be an impact on our ability to perform timely
based on what level of consulting resources we have available to us.

Mayor Burt: No hold-up at this time.

Mr. Friend: No hold-up at this time, and we can certainly come back to
Council, as Council Member Filseth suggested. That will just affect timing.

Mayor Burt: The budgeted dollars, are they ones that would get spent
throughout Fiscal Year 2017? The consultant dollars.

Mr. Friend: We have in the core budget $60,000 for consulting services. On
top of that, we request this contingency budget because we didn't think that
                                                                         Page 60 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
