                         TRANSCRIPT
them being done in the same way, personally, I don't see that it gets lost in
the trees as much. Secondly, I don't necessarily see all of our garages
surrounded by trees a lot. I personally would be an advocate for rethinking
the green signs. Again, partly because they do connect to the intention we
have around so many of our different programs. Lastly, I still want to come
back to the fact that we're previewing this. We're seeking direction to start
to take the deeper dive on the automated parking guidance system. We
would see ourselves coming back to Council as the results of our outreach
and developing the specs and potentially having the funding solution—we'd
be back before the Council. With that, I'll turn it back over to you all.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We don't yet have any speaker cards. I don't
know if we will have any. Why don't we start with questions, and then we
can loop back for comments and Motion. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I appreciate your comments, City
Manager. I do have a number of questions. They're, I think, mostly
clarifying questions having to do with the wayfinding. If we're looking for
the locations, is that Attachment—what is this? Attachment ...

Mayor Burt: You've lost your place?

Council Member Holman: Yes. Attachment A, sheet 3.0. Is that what that
is? I was looking at this over the weekend and having a bit of a hard time
understanding—it's just a very complicated map. What it looks like is there
are like a lot of different signages in the same place. It's very complicated
to try to understand this, if that's where you were trying to direct us to.

Ms. Atkinson:      Is your question the recommendation for locations for
installation of new signage?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Ms. Atkinson: In the Staff Report, the draft recommendations are in
Attachments D and E. It's a sign menu ...

Council Member Holman: Attachment which?

Ms. Atkinson: "D" and "E." It's a sign menu and a quite large file, I think,
with each of the different sign types and the proposed locations. There are
different ...

Council Member Holman: I have an Attachment F. I don't know that I have
an Attachment D. The two big attachments we have are these two. This
one's Attachment A, and this one's Attachment F. "F" is about ahead of the

                                                                       Page 49 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/11/16
