                          TRANSCRIPT
hopeful that $1.27 million extra that we have in 2017 will cover the gap. We
don't have enough money for a full year of Track Watch spending. I
guarantee you we will be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars that are
needed there. Again, if anything moves faster on Cubberley or requests
from any of these folks, Avenidas or the Palo Alto History Museum, for any
additional money—I think we need to leave some flexibility.

Council Member DuBois: Again, just to be clear, I would support some
flexibility, but I think we should seriously look at this $5.7 million and either
have it come back to us or put something into the motion.

Mayor Burt:     I'm going to wade in, because Vice Mayor Scharff has
volunteered to subsequently make a Motion that we can begin to respond to.
First, I think that early on it was presented that we have gone as a
community from $3 million in the early '90s, and the Council in the mid '90s
made a significant increase in the capital improvement investment to get, I
think, up to $10 million a year. By the early 2000s, we're at $13.2 million.
We had our Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Task Force basically identified that at
the level we were investing, we were not keeping up with the maintenance
of our current infrastructure. That would take some additional funding,
which we actually already added into the budget. We needed to catch up
with deferred maintenance on our existing infrastructure. We have now built
that into the budget. There were new projects that they said, "We have no
idea where those dollars are going to come from." We have had over a
decade of City Councils, going back a dozen years or more, probably closer
to 15 years, saying we have this massive infrastructure expenditure that we
have no idea where we're going to find the dollars to invest in the new
infrastructure that we would need. What the City has done over the last
several years has transformed our budget to get to the point where we are
now investing over $45 million this year in infrastructure. That's with the
keep-up, the catch-up and the new projects. That is a major change that
has happened. This is basically the Councils for 20 years had said this
community had deferred major investment in infrastructure for, at that time,
40 years. They had no idea how this problem would be solved, and they
proceeded to spend basically 20 years saying we have a huge problem, we
have no solution. We have now worked ourselves into a solution. I think we
need to really recognize that's a big deal. There's one other things I want to
note. The capital improvement plan, I think the one area that we have not
identified and built in a major need for investment is in our Wastewater
Enterprise Fund. We've heard for at least a decade that we're going to be
moving forward with a process of rebuilding our wastewater treatment plant.
I think we need to be looking at front-loading that investment, so that we
don't have a sudden spike in rate increases. We're going to have to do
major investments, and our wastewater treatment rates are going to go up
                                                                              Page 47 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
