                          TRANSCRIPT
clarification from the previous version of the Ordinance. Basically it just
clarifies the piping requirements associated with the laundry to landscape
ready requirement that we instituted in the last version of the Ordinance.
The third item is the recycling of construction waste. We're clarifying the
percentage from 75 percent to 80 percent. In the area of gray water, the
fixtures have been clarified in terms of what's allowed and what's not
allowed in terms of clarifying gray water. In addition to water efficiency,
there will be an enhanced water budget required for commercial buildings,
and that will be modeled after the San Francisco water budget. Thank you.

Mr. Pirnejad:    That concludes our Green Building, just some of the
highlights. Next, we're going to go onto the Fire Code. Geo Blackshire
along with Karl Schneider will walk you through those two amendments.

Geo Blackshire, Deputy Fire Chief: Good evening. As you were told, Fire
Marshal James Hendrickson was unable to be here tonight. He apologizes;
however, he was kind enough to prepare a statement for me to read
regarding the 2016 Code adoption cycle. Esteemed Council Members, the
local amendments, which we recommend for your consideration and
adoption tonight, are the product of four months of review of the 2016
California Fire Code by the Santa Clara County Fire Marshal group with
assistance from the County Hazardous Material Manager group. These
groups worked diligently to refine the language of past Ordinances in an
effort to develop regional standards. We hope that this regionalization of
expectations will help to streamline plan review and overall development
process for builders working between various jurisdictions within Santa Clara
County. I would also like to point out that the reduction of fire-related loss
and death will continue to be at the forefront of our Code-related efforts. I'd
like to mention that we lead the State and the nation with our cutting-edge
smoke detector and sprinkler Ordinances.

Mr. Pirnejad: Finally, I want to turn it over to Mr. Hoyt, our Chief Building
Official, to go through our changes to the Plumbing Code.

George Hoyt, Chief Building Official: Good evening, Council. I want to go
over one small change that we have. We have a plumbing amendment that
is going to require backwater valves be installed in the sewer lateral of all
new residential and commercial construction projects. This will allow us to
protect these facilities from accidental backflow from the wastewater
system. This was a collaborative effort that was taken and undergone with
Utilities and Development Services to provide this level of protection to
these buildings. With that, we'll move to the next slide that recaps all the
Municipal Code Ordinance numbers and their associated Building Code


                                                                        Page 40 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
