                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt: Our first order of business is a prospective Closed Session.
There are actually two items on it. I have three public speakers who wish to
speak to it. The first item is a conference with labor negotiators regarding
the Palo Alto Police Officers Association, Palo Alto Police Managers'
Association, Palo Alto Fire Chiefs' Association, International Association of
Firefighters Local 1391, Service Employees International Union Local 521
and the Management, Professional and Confidential Employees, and then
finally the Utilities Management and Professional Association of Palo Alto.
We will have a second Closed Session Item which is a conference with real
property negotiators regarding the Palo Alto Post Office at 380 Hamilton
Avenue. We have three speakers who wish to speak to Item Number 1
before we entertain a motion as to whether to discuss these items in Closed
Session. Our first speaker is Peggy Quillen, to be followed by Lydia Wallace-
Pounds. Welcome.

Peggy Quillman: Thank you for giving us this opportunity to speak. My
name is Peggy Quillman, as you mentioned. I've worked for nearly 27 years
for the City of Palo Alto in the libraries. SEIU members provide quality
services that keep Palo Alto a premier city for residents and businesses. We
have made valuable concessions for the City's benefit including capping the
City's healthcare premium contributions and maximum contributions to
pension costs. Despite all that City workers have contributed to keeping
Palo Alto a highly desirable community for families, most of us cannot afford
to live in Palo Alto and have not shared in the City's prosperity. In fact, 93
percent of City workers cannot live in the City where we work. We are
asking the City to preserve Palo Alto's premier City services by reinvesting in
City workers. It's apparent to workers on the ground like me that Palo Alto
must make a commitment to reinvest the infrastructure of this City and that
includes its City workers. Even more, the City has the ability to do so but
has restricted itself while workers and City services are suffering. Last
month, we saw a new financial forecast stating the City's desire to retain and
attract a talented workforce. City management has publicly acknowledged
recruitment and retention are a challenge when the costs of living in Palo
Alto are skyrocketing. The City's forecast also acknowledges that the
salaries of City employees have fallen behind other comparable agencies.
We all know this is a problem, and we all know what the solution is.
Together let's preserve Palo Alto's premier City services by reinvesting in
City workers and the services we provide. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lydia Wallace-Pounds, to be
followed by Mark Chase. Welcome.

                                                                          Page 2 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
