                          TRANSCRIPT
three main options. One was to have a cumulative cap similar to the current
Policy L-8 with development requirements that would be imposed on
development and community indicators to monitor our progress over time.
Another option was have the cumulative cap and just the community
indicators. A third option was skip the cap and just have the development
requirements and community indicators. When we come back to the Council
for some real direction and decision-making, we'll try and tease out each one
of these options as a question for the Council to answer for us and make it
easier for you to really point us towards the options you would like us to
carry forward. Also inherent in this discussion of the cumulative cap was a
question about whether it should be only office/R&D or whether it should
also include hotels.      There was a split on the committee and the
subcommittee about whether hotels were something we wanted, so it should
be in the retail category and not included or whether it was something we
were cautious about, that we should put in the office/R&D category. That's
an option we will bring to the Council. The committee did some work too on
what the numeric value should be for this cap. Their recommendation really
was to carry forward the numeric value inherent in the current cap. The
current cap, Policy L-8, was 3.2-something million square feet. There's
approximately 1.7 million square feet left.        The recommendation was
essentially to carry that forward. If hotels are included, you might need to
raise that to account for some hotel development. Again, we can go into
this in more detail. Although, I should mention with regard to Council
Member DuBois' recusal one of the issues was the proposal to extend this
cap Citywide minus the Medical Center, which was specifically removed from
the monitored areas by action of this Council a number of years ago. The
committee recommended that that be perpetuated, and that's an issue that,
of course, has Stanford implications. Going on to the annual limit, this is the
other area where there are Stanford implications. The options here were
perpetuate the annual limit that you've adopted as an interim Ordinance or
don't do that. A number of questions about whether the Research Park and
the Medical Center should be included or shouldn't be. If the Research Park
is included, what would govern? Would the 50,000-square-foot limit that's
currently applicable to a portion of the City be doubled? Would there be
some other number? Would the Research Park value roll over? Could there
be an option of transportation enhancements or measures or monitoring in
lieu of that Research Park annual limit? I know you received and in the
Packet there's some correspondence from Stanford on this question as well.
Again, we can circle back to this if you have specific questions about the
consensus areas and the options. The Downtown cap is the third major
growth management issue. Again, the options are perpetuate a Downtown
cap or don't. The suggestion was to carry forward the existing quantitative
value that's remaining under the original cap, but increase it if you decide
you'd like to monitor hotels as well as office/R&D. We can talk further about
                                                                       Page 58 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
