                          TRANSCRIPT
Hamilton Hitchings, regarding Agenda Item Number 6: Hi, I'm Hamilton
Hitchings. I'm a member of the Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) and also
the Safety Element subcommittee, and I'm an Emergency Services
volunteer. Tonight, these comments are my own. Specifically, I'm going to
be talking about Consent Calendar Item Number 6, the approval of the
Public Safety Building design contract with RossDrulisCusenbery
Architecture. I strongly approve and endorse selecting them as an architect.
They're a fantastic architect. I'm going to offer a couple of suggestions on
things that could be done as change orders or later on to improve the
effectiveness and cost savings of this project. The first is the adjacent public
parking garage. The contract specifies it must hold 460 spots. The site is
capable of holding 600 parking spots based on a reconfiguration of a couple
of the 450 spot options provided by City Staff. Specifically, if you build it out
to the edges and you remove the retail space, you can get up to 600 spots
without increasing the height limit. When I mentioned this to Marc Berman,
he pointed out that that would allow you potentially to defer the building of
another parking garage in Downtown California, potentially saving millions of
dollars, at least in the short term. For the local businesses and potentially
as a cost savings, this is my first suggestion. The second item I want to
advocate is one that may catch you a little off guard. I want to advocate for
a private police shooting range in the garage of the new Public Safety
Building, which is currently not specified in the contract. There was a
shooting range in the current police station, right under my feet, but it
wasn't properly constructed, so it was never used. Currently 110 police
officers have to commute to Alameda County every quarter to be recertified
on their firearms and also pay for use of the Santa Clara Sheriff's Office. It's
estimated the ROI on this range would be five years. By not building the
range, you're costing taxpayers 5X that amount over a 30-year period. On
behalf of both the Palo Alto Police Department for retention and training for
the officers and on behalf of the taxpayers, I encourage you to guide the
City Staff to include this within the architecture and design of this project.
At a future date, I will talk about ensuring that the new Public Safety
Building lives up to the seismic standards that it was originally envisioned to
do so. I don't have time tonight, so I'll leave it at that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Ester Nigenda.

Ester Nigenda, regarding Agenda Item Number 20: Good evening, Council
Members and members of the public. Ester Nigenda speaking for Save Palo
Alto's Groundwater. Save Palo Alto's Groundwater appreciates that the
recycled water strategic plan, Item 20 on the Consent Calendar, includes a
baseline study of Palo Alto's groundwater and groundwater use assessment.
We thank the City Council for mandating and approving this plan and Staff
for moving forward with it. Our understanding is that the deliverables are
                                                                           Page 29 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
