                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Kniss, second by Council Member
Berman. Please vote. That passes unanimously.

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 5-8, 9a PASSED: 9-0

9b.   (Former Agenda Item Number 9) Adoption of a Resolution Amending
      and Restating the Administrative Penalty Schedule and Civil Penalty
      Schedules for Certain Violations of the Palo Alto Municipal Code and
      the California Vehicle Code Established by Resolution Number 9554.

Mayor Burt: Now we will move to rescheduled Item Number 9. This item is
titled adoption of a Resolution amending and restating the Administrative
Penalty Schedule and Civil Penalty Schedule for certain violations of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code and the California Vehicle Code established by
Resolution Number 9554. City Attorney Stump.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. Just briefly, this item is generated
on an annual basis. It's really an administrative update. This year the Staff
identified two areas where they would like to add an administrative penalty.
Those are both described in your Staff Report with respect to Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) programs and violations of PC Ordinances. In
the time since the item was drafted, we've had further conversations as a
Staff and would like to refine one or both of those. Even as recently as
today, there were some additional, very minor administrative cleanup items
that did surface amongst our Staff. We will be bringing forward some
refinements with respect to those two. We understand that the Council
Members very well may wish to give us some direction on those items or
other items that you would like us to address when the item returns on
November 7th.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene.

Mr. Keene: I would just add I think following on your lead here, this isn't
really meant to be a deep dive and an exhaustive discussion. It's just to
identify some of the issues and get some general direction.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Because we're going to have this abbreviated, we
can have questions and comments together. If any members of the public
wish to submit a speaker card, please do so at this time. Who would like to
go first? Council Member Holman, were you trying to hit your light? It
didn't flash for me, but go right ahead.



                                                                       Page 34 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
