                          TRANSCRIPT
That takes some deliberation. That doesn't just happen when people just
say their opinions and you take a vote. Maybe sometimes you'll have that
out of the gate. On most contentious topics, it really takes some work.
That's what happens in multi-stakeholder groups that are facilitated and
work toward that as a goal. Jeremy.

Council Member Holman: For me to follow-up on that just before you,
Jeremy. Yes, working towards consensus, but that doesn't mean that we
won't still have a majority and a minority opinion, especially when it comes
to housing. When there are representatives that come to this body and
participate, I would want to make sure that both perspectives are
represented here. Then again, Pat and I both have been talking about how
we get to how those perspectives are identified.

Mr. Dennis: Thank you to you both. At least my experience at the CAC
meetings that there's a proactive engagement by the Co-Chairs to draw out
areas of contention and consensus to a point where, if necessary, straw polls
are taken to really define those. We've defined a minority opinion at four
members, not less than that. We look for about four members to get to that
point. Those issues are then taken to the subcommittees where they have a
further discussion refinement. If they can't come to a consensus on a
particular issue, that's where we develop kind of a pro and con set of
arguments that the subcommittee members themselves put together. We
haven't had the opportunity to have that discussion here at the Council yet,
because we've only brought forward one Element that was not contentious.
My experience, that's what's occurring.

Mayor Burt: I think the process you described is good. If you have
Subcommittees that represent the diversity of stakeholder viewpoints, then
they as a group of five or whatever can hammer out a discussion and move
toward—if they can have a consensus and even unanimity, they can
probably sell it to the larger group. I agree that that's an effective process.
Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think one of the values of a CAC is to raise issues
as you get involved in the details that might not otherwise appear. I think
it's important that the Council get some feedback when there is a diversity
of opinions, rather than just the final results. I find it very valuable to hear
the points where there's a lively discussion and maybe various points of
view. If there's some way of feeding that to the Council, I know you take
Minutes of the meeting, maybe if you just make those available to the
Council. If there are straw polls, it's easy to identify here's an issue where
there's some division going on. I think that's valuable for the Council as we
get into transportation and land use.

                                                                          Page 83 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
