                         TRANSCRIPT
because we wanted to introduce ourselves, introduce the project and hear
their concerns. We learned early on that access was very important to
them. They had a negative experience during the Facebook era. They were
worried that a project of this size would continue that impact. We took that
heart and came up with a solution that we believe would work for all parties
involved and would eliminate all access from our site onto California Avenue
and put all that diversion away from the California Avenue residents. We
believe that was a huge solution that addressed the community's concern.
We're doing that to show you via a gate. That gate would only allow
employees from 117 California with keycard access the ability to go across
the site and onto California. As mentioned earlier, our project went through
a tremendous amount of analysis. The analysis was based on a more
conservative basis. As it is today, the project is standing at over 280,000
square feet of FAR. The proposed project is a decrease from the existing
FAR on this site. That's because Staff put us through a huge amount of rigor
trying to come up with the FAR that is appropriate given City records and
City permits, when ended at the 265,000 square feet. As proposed, the
project today is smaller than what is existing onsite FAR wise. We believe in
TDM. We believe in the City's goals of reducing single occupancy vehicles
and traffic in the area. We've come up with a very comprehensive TDM plan
that we're volunteering. We are lucky enough to have a tenant who believes
in TDM as well and who offers a lot of high-level TDM programs such as
Caltrain passes, off-peak working hours, pre-tax dollars for transportation.
On top of that, we have a lot of programmatic TDM measures that is
constructed by a TDM specialist who does large campus TDM projects
throughout the Bay Area including VMware. Our TDM is site-specific, and
we're working hand in hand with Stanford on the Stanford Research Park
TDM program. TDM to us is very important. We understand that we need to
create a program that really works. We want to put this forward to have a
flexible program that can change as people's needs and patterns change.
The FAR issue that you've heard about this evening. Staff fully supports that
this site is a non-complying facility and clearly indicated that Code
18.70.100 applies to this site. This site is not asking for any variances.
We're following the Code to a “T”. We're not asking for a single foot of
additional FAR on this site. As I mentioned earlier, we're reducing the FAR.
Analysis of current FAR is not relevant in this discussion relating to Code
Section 18.70.100 since the section grants a replacement building as a
matter of right.       We want to emphasize that this project has many
attributes. We believe that this presents a smaller project than exists today.
We have an architecturally stunning design that we're proud of.             It
eliminates all traffic onto California Avenue, has no significant CEQA impacts
and includes a comprehensive and real TDM program. We urge you to
support Staff's recommendation of certifying the EIR and following the ARB
findings on the Architectural Review of the project. I have my entire team
                                                                        Page 49 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
