                          TRANSCRIPT
California Avenue, the improvements that are done there, makes it great. I
walk to both those areas for lunch, for other things. It's great to have those
areas. What doesn't make as much sense to me is the elongated corridor
down Alma. Staff noted that along Lytton things are sparse. If you go down
past Homer, past Channing, retail is very sparse. It's mostly other uses, not
that. To require the same requirements as along University makes no sense
in the SOFA area. I'd urge more flexibility. SOFA was put together with a
great deal of thought. It wasn't capricious. It gave flexibility because it's
not the core retail area. It allows some other things like education, like
partial office. As Christian mentioned, along the backside of an alley is not
prime retail space it turns out. Another thing that was brought up by
Jonathan Satz when he spoke was the planning cycle for something. It
takes a long period of time to get a use in place. He was talking about a
period of a year or two years. One suggestion in a prior Study Session I
attended on this subject said let's have it be that if you want to change, you
have to be vacant for six months or a year. If that's the case, then maybe
we'll believe that it should be something else. That is really offensive
actually to say you've got to run your business into the ground before you
can find some relief. That's a $400,000 or $500,000 loss proposition even
on a small building, like a 10,000-foot building. The cycle, we need to be
able to work with someone far ahead of time, years ahead of time, two or
three years ahead, to make sure that we're prepared and we start a school
year on time or something like that. We do forward planning, not in arrears,
try to catch up and save a business type of planning. I think it's imperative
that you take action, that you do something reasonable. Another question
was why would we go back to something before the emergency Ordinance.
Because the Urgency Ordinance was a blanket, one-size-fits-all. We don't
have to think about individual needs or different zones. We're just going to
put this down to stop something that we see, that we don't like. Now, we've
had the time to see what works, what doesn't. Let's please have a rational
discussion, think about what actually works and move forward quickly.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'd like to thank Staff for their
work on this. I thought the proposed framework—there was a lot of good
thought that went into this.         I really appreciate that.    A couple of
observations. First of all, what I'd like to see is that we protect all of the
retail that currently exists in the Downtown. I walked Lytton today, and I
walked down University. One of the things about Lytton, I think, is there's
like the blueprint store. That's sort of that personal service. That's sort of a
unique thing. There's a restaurant there, a Japanese restaurant that's not
too far. That's like a little retail node. There's also the place where Ike's
                                                                        Page 77 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
