                          TRANSCRIPT
just grant exceptions when somebody complains. We know the economics
for office space is much greater than retail. That was kind of the purpose of
the ordinance in the first place. Generally, I think Staff has rightly seen
through maybe some weak arguments. I am interested in correcting a
loophole or a clarifying restriction for illegal uses and legal, nonconforming
uses. It's kind of the definition of chutzpah to say, "I have retail there, but
it was illegal so I don't have to follow the ordinance." Most of us have
probably shopped at a lot of these places. I do have to say I found these
pictures particularly a blatant misrepresentation. I've shopped at Pet Food
Depot for years. Yeah, it looks like this in the back. The front's a pretty
nice retail area with cash registers. Everything is priced for retail. To imply
that it's not is just hard to—it's just a misrepresentation. Even though
there's not a lot of parking here, it's very easy to pull in, grab your bag of
dog food and pull out. It's not a place that you need to spend a lot of time.
If we started to grant exemptions for claimed illegal use or legal,
nonconforming, it's going to weaken the force of law. It really incents
people to have an illegal use, because then you get extra rights. I do agree
we need to consider the SOFA boundaries. It's certainly becoming a much
more vibrant area. It'd be a shame not to have any retail in that area.
Again, this isn't just about the retail core. Part of this ordinance is really
thinking beyond just the retail cores. I am also interested in figuring out
how to extend protection to the community shopping areas on El Camino,
whatever the best means to do that is, even if it's another interim ordinance
until we have time to get to it. As Mayor Burt mentioned, part of this
discussion is about the types of office uses permitted. It's a question of
scale of office, hardware/software development, product development,
large-scale services which have traditionally been in our office park and on
Bayshore. Do we want to continue to allow those Downtown or do we want
to revisit those definitions and get back more to administrative office, locally
serving office spaces? If we were to grant exceptions, I'd like to clarify
those permitted uses, update the definitions. Perhaps we should consider an
exclusion if there's a lone, former retail use that is now completely
surrounded by non-retail, like nothing on the entire block in any direction.
Maybe we consider that. I think we'd have to have it very well defined.
Perhaps the Mercedes repair shop would fall into that category. On the
question of schools again, I don't think we're talking about large schools. I
think we're talking about SAT prep mostly. I'm not convinced that adding a
lot of SAT prep is necessarily in the best interest of our community. Those
are my high-level thoughts.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: In a way, we're talking about the future of the
City. It's important to recognize that the essence of the City is where people
                                                                        Page 77 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
