                          TRANSCRIPT
house meeting for the community on the Embarcadero/El Camino Real
improvements. It'll be held Tuesday, March 15th, tomorrow, from 6:00 to
8:00 P.M. in the Aspen Room at the Palo Alto School District headquarters at
25 Churchill Road, to provide feedback on the street improvement ideas
being considered for Embarcadero Road. There will be some discussion
about the timing changes of the signal at that area. Any time between 6:00
and 8:00. Just a reminder again that this Saturday, March 19th, we're
holding the second annual Cubberley Day on the campus with activities at
Cubberley from 9:00 A.M. to 1:00, which will include demonstrations by
Cubberley tenants, volunteer opportunities, food, music and kids activities as
well as an activity for participants to write their own vision for the Cubberley
site. This is hosted in partnership between the City, Canopy, Kiwanis and
the Greenmeadow Community Association.              I will hold over the other
comments including the video we were going to show until a meeting when
we do that earlier in the evening for you. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have one speaker,
Sea Reddy.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, Mayor and the City Council and citizens of Palo
Alto. I want to bring up a subject that's a little sensitive, but respectfully I
would like you to think about it. On March 3rd, Marc Berman has filed his
nomination for State Assembly. I have filed, and many others have filed.
Here's what I'd like to recommend. I would like Lydia Kou, who came as the
last person on the list of candidates that came in a very close election. I
would like the City of Palo Alto citizens to consider Lydia Kou to replace
eventually Marc Berman. It's up to Marc how he transitions this, but I think
she'd be a great addition. We only have two ladies, and I think I'd like three
ladies here, better than two. We have 50 percent representation. Thank
you. That's all I want to say.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Minutes Approval

5.    Approval of Action Minutes for the February 22, 23, and 29, 2016
      Council Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is approval of Minutes from February 22nd, 23rd
and 29th of 2016. Do we have a Motion to approve?

                                                                          Page 71 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
