                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Are we going to be able to recycle those tanks? It
sounds like a pretty expensive process.

Mr. Allen: They're expensive. The cost estimate was about $13 million each
for two digesters.

Council Member DuBois: I meant (crosstalk) incinerators.

Mr. Bobel: I think he means the incinerators.

Mr. Allen: I'm sorry. I didn't understand your question.

Council Member DuBois: It sounds like it's pretty expensive to pull the
incinerators out. I was wondering out ...

Mr. Allen: The demolition?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mr. Allen: I don't remember the exact number.            I'd estimate a couple
million to demolish them.

Council Member DuBois: Since we're on this slide, a little bit off topic, but I
just want to take advantage of you being here. Where it says potential salt
reduction versus osmosis, if we were going to look at potable water
recycling, would it be there? Would it be the same footprint shown there?

Mr. Bobel: That's our current plan. I think the initial facility that we'd
probably propose wouldn't have to be that large. We'd take another look at
it. Let's say we decide, for example, as an initial step we want to do roughly
one million gallons per day of purified water. It wouldn't have to be that big,
so we'd look elsewhere in the site and see what we could do. We'd have to
knock down our current administration building. Both Jamie and I are in
that building, so we ...

Council Member DuBois: Hopefully you get out first. I've read this report
two weeks in a row now. I didn't see any issues. It looks like a good
project. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to follow up on the discussion about sea
level rise. If I heard you correctly, the time to give direction about further
changes to this or have a deeper discussion about whether we want to have
secondary protections for sea level rise for this facility would be tonight or at
that meeting in May?
                                                                          Page 45 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
