                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: We would still be processing their share, but they
wouldn't be entitled to recycled water.

Mr. Allen: Correct. Let's say Palo Alto didn't want one million gallons a day;
they wanted 1/2 million gallons a day. Their percentage of the that project
cost would change.

Council Member DuBois: On 5.3, similar kind of mechanism. It says not
unreasonably withholding funding. Again, because this is such a long
agreement, having some kind of mechanism to deal with failure to agree to
how we would share costs would make sense. Similar to what you have in
4.13 and 5.3, it said we'll determine the cost for improvements and
Mountain View will not reasonably withhold approval. What happens if they
do? What if we decide we really want the purified water but they don't want
to pay for it? Should we have the ability to basically adjust their allocation
at that point? Do you guys feel like we have so much water that we're not
going to run out of it by 2060?

Mr. Bobel: I just have to back up and say this agreement was never
intended to answer all the questions that you might want to have answered
ultimately. If there are certain things that you want us to negotiate with
Mountain View, it would be great to get those enumerated. Then we could
go back and try to negotiate that. This agreement was prepared at their
request to just extend that date out to 2060 of the basic entitlement. It
wasn't intended to answer questions about purified water or things that
might come up of that nature.

Council Member DuBois: To me, this is the primary area. It's kind of a
gentlemen's agreement, but what happens if one party wants to push
further than the other party? What happens to the allocation at that point?
I really think it's in this 5.3 and 5.4. Just so I understand, under 5.4, it
refers to people a different way. It refers to parties with contractual rights
to recycled water. Would that be all the people part of the joint plan or is it
just Mountain View? Today, do the other cities have rights to recycled water
that they're just not exercising?

Mr. Bobel: The three basic partners would be entitled to the water that they
contribute according to the percentages they contribute.

Council Member DuBois: Just the three.

Mr. Bobel: We'll have to explore the other ones to see exactly—the Basic
Agreements were never intended to address these kinds of questions. I'm
sure one could read those, and our attorneys could read them and draw
some conclusions about that. It was not intended to address that question.
                                                                        Page 75 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
