                         TRANSCRIPT

Center, not Innvision Shelter Network. They contract with us, but we are
the owner and operator. There's also a fundamental issue of national
homeless policy that has not been fully addressed. In 2015, the U.S.
Federal Interagency Council on Homelessness issued a report in which they
said that the (inaudible) federal policy towards homelessness is to provide
permanent support of housing to prevent and end chronic homelessness.
Chronic homelessness is a different problem than short-term homelessness.
It is not shelters or temporary housing; it is permanent support of housing.
The U.S. Interagency Council also issued a report in 2014 that said, We
know that just one person experiencing chronic homelessness can cost
communities between $30,000 to $50,000 per person per year in emergency
room visits, hospitalizations, jails, prisons, psychiatric centers, detox
programs and other costly services, but solving the problem, connecting
someone to permanent housing with supportive services they need to
achieve stability costs about $20,000 a year annually. Also the Santa Clara
County 2015 report, Home Not Found: the Cost of Homelessness in Silicon
Valley, determined that for the top 10 percent of the most costly, chronically
adult homeless populations, it costs the County and City approximately
$45,000 in these same services. However, extensive national data shows if
you take that same person that costs $45,000 to $50,000 and put them in
permanent, supportive housing, it will cost $20,000. I just want to point out
that since we opened in 2006 as the first permanent, supportive housing
facility in the Peninsula, the Opportunity Center has kept 90 to 100 people
housed. Let's just say half of those were of the chronic, homeless adults. At
$20,000 per person per year, we have saved the City and County
government approximately $9 million in foregone service. I think it's
essential that the Community Services Element realize this, recognize the
Opportunity Center and commit the City to a partnership to maintain
permanent supportive housing as a central policy towards homeless services
for the chronically homeless. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Gail Price, to be followed by
Bob Moss.

Gail Price: Thank you. My name's Gail Price; I'm also a member of the
Community Working Group, and I live in Barron Park. I concur with all of
the comments made by Don Barr. Some of my comments will reiterate a
couple of his points. My main purpose here is to focus on a comment that
was made earlier which was how can we be more inclusive. Inclusiveness
includes providing services and helping to create permanent supportive
housing.   In Goal C-1.29, it's again related to delivery of community
services. There is a comment there that temporary housing is one aspect of
                                                                        Page 18 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
