                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: No, I'm sorry. I thought we were on CMO.

Mayor Burt: Not to my knowledge.        Do we have any other sustainability
issues? Thanks Gil.

Mr. Friend: Thanks very much.

Council Member DuBois: Your choice. We have City Manager's Office and
Planning and Community Environment.

Mr. Keene: Community Planning. I'm going to be here (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: We'll do CMO at the last. What pages are we?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we start at 8, 7.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A few items that are, I think, connected under
housing affordability. I think this is something that we added to our Council
Priorities, to the Built Environment, was the issue of housing. There are
several items that link together here, in particular, 30, 38 and 34. In
numeric order, 30, 34, 38. That's housing micro units, rental costs and
vacation rentals. I think all of these interplay a lot. In particular, I'd be
happy to just say now let's move all those to the parking lot. I think they're
all worthy of discussion. In the interest of time tonight, I don't want to get
into a deep dive at the moment.

Mr. Keene: I think that's partly incorporated in your memo that you wrote.

Mayor Burt: We'll go ahead and put 30, 34 and 38 into the parking lot. The
intention was to have more discussion at the end. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to address the Retail Preservation Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: Numbers. It's really Number 32, which is the retail on
Cal. Ave.     Then there's the one for—it would be easier if they were
altogether. There's the one for Downtown. If someone sees it, let me know.
That's 55 and 52. I think those are the three. Fifty-five is the Downtown
Retail Preservation Ordinance.       Fifty-two would be other commercial
districts, which I'm thinking is mostly Midtown and El Camino, frankly, if we
were going to look at places. To put it in some context, what we did was we
passed an emergency ordinance which, if I'm correct, lasts for two years.

                                                                       Page 62 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
