                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Albert can correct me if I'm wrong. I believe they're all per
violation. The City has a great deal of discretion about how frequently to
charge these. The changes we're talking about adding this evening for the
PC zoning and the Transportation Demand Management (TDM) plans—we've
identified what the maximum could be per violation, and we could do that up
to every day. Every day could be a new violation. We don't have to charge
it on every day, but we can.

Council Member DuBois: I wasn't clear about that. Some of the Ordinance
said it was a per day fee, like the PC zoning, or it's really per incident.
You're saying they're all really per incident.

Ms. Gitelman: There's a great deal of discretion with all these.

Council Member DuBois: The understanding is the PC Zoning and the
Transportation Management Association (TMA) would be per day.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Council Member DuBois: Obviously a TDM charge of $500, if that was the
sum total …

Ms. Gitelman:      Again, we have discretion because the magnitude of
violations can vary and the severity of them could vary. I could imagine
there'd be a violation of a TDM plan or a Planned Community (PC) that might
be really minor, where you wouldn't want to charge that kind of fee on a
daily basis. Charging it once is sufficient to get compliance, and that's all we
need to do. We certainly with this change have the ability to charge these
fines every day.

Council Member DuBois: Are there any others that you would consider more
like a daily fee?

Ms. Gitelman: I think all of these can be charged on a daily basis.           Am I
right, Albert?

Mr. Yang: Yes, to the extent that they're ongoing violations. The general
provisions of our Code state that each day is considered a separate violation.
A citation could be issued each day, but it does not have to be issued each
day.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. I'm curious if Staff considered having
any escalating penalties built into the Code so we don't have to revisit
Council as often. I'm just wondering if you guys discussed that. Like the PC


                                                                          Page 14 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
