                         TRANSCRIPT
think I'm a member of the organization. Dog park is not compatible with
native oaks, and Canopy's working on Eleanor Pardee Park to preserve and
even plant more oaks. That oak grove is not a good place for a dog park.
I'm not saying don't put it anywhere else, but in the oak grove is not
compatible. One of the letters I sent you—I'm trying to go fast—is about the
10 acres of the golf course. We hope to have a birding and nature park
there. I don't think there needs to be a lot more done at this point, a fence
from the golf course and a trail and maybe a sign. It doesn't even have to
be paved. I took all the information that was provided by the different
surveys that were done and summarized them in a table for you. There
were a lot of other things, but the two leading things that people voted for
was—one was nature hiking and bird watching together, and the other was
sports fields. There was about equal support for both, and hopefully you can
start at least, if there's no money yet for the sports fields, a nature and
hiking and bird park. The infrastructure, meaning the trees, is already
there. There's the pond; maybe put a little bit of water back in there. Enid
Pearson provided an amazing list of things to look into in her letter. I hope
Staff looks into those. There's a lot of really interesting things there. The
ITT property—that's just coming online—is really ecologically sensitive.
We've got to be very, very careful what happens there. I'm sure you guys
will be looking into that, the Staff, and coming up with some ideas. Going
through my list. I think comprehensive resource plans are needed for
Foothill Park and Pearson-Arastradero. That way instead of saying, "We
need a trail. Let's see how we mitigate that," the comprehensive resource
plan says how we're going to put trails, where do they belong, so we don't
even need to mitigate it. It all falls naturally into one big picture. It's a
much better way to deal with natural areas. That is why I included that in
my letter. I think that's what I have to say. Thank you all, and thank you
for all this good work.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council for questions and
discussion. It's a Study Session, so no formal action tonight. Who would
like to go first? Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I remember in the past there has always been a lot
of discussion about restrooms in particular. Maybe you could share a little
more about—you've presented it as this is the number of restrooms and
what parks they would go in. I haven't heard total enthusiasm for some of
the parks from people who live close by for a variety of reasons. You might
go into that a little further. I see that you have laid that out. I'm going to
presume that you must have had a fair amount of support for it, but it's one
of the areas where I've heard "We'd just as soon not have one."



                                                                         Page 9 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
