                          TRANSCRIPT
service. I will entertain a Motion to approve the Resolutions and then bring
them forward. We'll meet up here, and then each of you certainly are
welcome to make some comments at that time.

Council Member Kniss: I move those recommendations.

Council Member Filseth: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to adopt the Resolutions of Appreciation for Steve Eglash, Jonathan
Foster and Garth Hall.

Mayor Burt: Motion to approve the Resolutions by Council Member Kniss,
seconded by Council Member Filseth. Please vote on the board. Not
surprisingly, that passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Steve Eglash: This has been just an incredible honor and privilege to be
able to deal with the Staff and the elected Council and the ratepayers and
the businesses of the City. This has just been a huge treat. I've enjoyed it
immensely. Thank you all for the opportunity as well as your nice comments
tonight.

Jonathan Foster: I'll echo that. Thanks to all of you. I want to say a few
things. The work that this Utility Department does is really impressive. It
frankly starts with all the members of the City Council. Mayor Burt, during
your time on the City Council, you've been an enormous supporter of
advances in sustainability. That's really true of everyone on the Council now
and members of the Council who are no longer on the Council. The
leadership really has started at the top, and that's been fabulous. The Utility
Department Staff has been excellent through and through in devising
policies, implementing, has done an excellent job. We've really all benefited
from having Ed step in over the last—I guess it's been eight months—to lead
the Utility Department. He's done a tremendous job and all the members of
the Staff. Jim and Molly, Jim, the leadership starts with you. You've set a
tone from the City Manager's Office which, I think, has been enormously
helpful. Molly, the City Attorney's Office has been very helpful on some of
those difficult issues.    It's really been great.     Finally, I'd say to the
community as a whole the reason frankly that all of us, everybody from the
UAC to the City Council to the Staff, are able to do that is because of the
support in the community for innovation and for sustainability. I thank
everyone in the community. The very last thank you is whoever wrote those
Proclamations. That's just astonishing. Thanks very much for that. Thanks.

                                                                           Page 4 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
