                          TRANSCRIPT
members of the public who do want to participate on Item 10 and would be
precluded from doing that. It's nice when we can accommodate colleagues
who have a conflict without it impacting how we do the business of the
people. In this case, I think it potentially does. I'm not going to support
this agenda change.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry ...

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: Could you just clarify if you'd be willing to do what
Council Member Schmid suggested though?

Mayor Burt: I already did at the outset. The Motion would be to move Item
Number 9 to the end.

Council Member DuBois: If the Motion passes, could we allow the public to
speak (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That part. No, I think that's convoluting it unnecessarily. I
think we should just stick with the agenda. A vote in the affirmative would
be to move Item Number 9 to the end of the agenda. That passes on a 5-4
vote. We will now move Item Number 9 to follow Item Number 11.

MOTION PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Burt, Filseth, Wolbach, no

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item is City Manager Comments.

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager/Chief Financial Officer: Thank you and good
evening, Mr. Mayor, members of the Council. Lalo Perez, Chief Financial
Officer, Acting City Manager tonight. City Manager James Keene is at a City
Manager's conference. Our Transportation Staff will be holding a workshop
at the Downtown Library on Thursday, October 6th, from 6:30 P.M. to 8:00
P.M. to hear feedback from residents and commuters about their concerns
about Middlefield Road North, the residential arterial corridor between Menlo
Park City Limits and Channing Avenue. Staff has completed a one year
evaluation of the time of day turn restriction signs that were added to the
intersection last year. The overall effectiveness of the turn restrictions and
other traffic and collision data will be shared at the workshop. Staff will also
present lane configurations and seek public input on the concept plans. The
City has dedicated a website, cityofpaloalto.org/middlefield, where updated
information is posted. Last September, the White House launched a Smart
Cities initiative to make it easier for cities, Federal agencies, universities and

                                                                           Page 5 of 100
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/26/16
