                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: You could certainly ask us to analyze something like that. I
think our mitigation regime sets what we think is an achievable goal for
different districts. In that mitigation measure Trans 1A, we say in these
various district of the City you would achieve what we think is an aggressive
but achievable goal.

Council Member DuBois: It's not really a—I mean, you said aggressive but
achievable. It's not necessarily, most likely—how would you quantify this?

Ms. Gitelman: We asked our traffic consultants what would be an aggressive
but achievable goal in Downtown and the Research Park and out on El
Camino somewhere. They came up with what they thought a percentage
reduction would be. The mitigation measure assumes that would be put in
place as an enforceable performance standard on new development. On top
of that, the development would have to offset any additional trips beyond
that reduction through a variety of means.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question. I think it's similar to what Greg
Scharff was asking. I think part of the confusion has to come with this idea
of the mix and match. When you look at like Scenario Four, we have all
these sustainability things, but then the numbers overall kind of come out
the same. I was looking at like Chapter Five which was the CEQA impacts.
We're saying we're going to mix and match, but then the scenarios are
evaluated kind of as is. The question is how are we supposed to interpret
that and how is the public supposed to interpret that? It kind of gets lost
that we're saying, "If we took all these sustainability items in 'Four' and
applied to them another scenario, that scenario would be better."

Ms. Gitelman: That's a point we make in the alternatives chapter of the EIR,
if you've gotten to that section. We talk about the fact that you could take
these sustainability measures in "Four" and combine them with some of the
slow growth measures in "Two" and "Three" and end up with a hybrid and
what that would do in terms of increasing or decreasing the impacts. That's
an idea that we articulate in there. Our thought was all along that if the
Council wants to go in a direction that is different than these scenarios, you
tell us what scenario you'd like, and we will analyze that, and we'll be able to
show you and the public what the results will be.

Council Member DuBois: I think I heard you in answer to another question
say that we might have another public comment period. Are we committed
to that? It seems like we would almost have to do that.

Ms. Gitelman: I think if you're going to identify another scenario that's
outside these bounds of Scenarios 1-4, our assumption is we would do an

                                                                          Page 25 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
