                          TRANSCRIPT
included in the $13 million project budget that we've been talking about and
which things would require more funding. When you look and see the
baseline and core additional elements, things like the main span spanning
Highway 101, this 12-foot clear walkway on the bridge, enhanced lighting,
and those other types of enhancements, those are the things that are
included in the $13 million. The optional enhancements item at the bottom
are what we've been working with Biggs Cardosa on, that Roy will talk
about. Those are the things that would require additional funding. With
that, I'm going to turn this over to Roy.

Roy Schnabel, Biggs Cardosa Associates: Thank you, Brad. We have a little
video that will hopefully do a better job than I can to give you the look and
feel and overview of the bridge. I'd like to give at least a little brief
overview of how we got to this point. First of all, we built upon a lot of the
existing information and information that was done previously by your Staff
and some of the previous consultants that were on board. There was not a
lot of wasted work including the alignment. This is the alignment that we
thought would be the best alignment given the number of constraints that
we had. Those include environmental constraints with the Baylands and the
Adobe Creek riparian areas; with Caltrans and the freeway and their right-
of-way; with the property owner who is Google and their parking lot; and
the impacts to the Santa Clara Valley Water District and their right-of-way
and their maintenance and operations. We've generally divided the bridge
into three segments or three areas: the eastern approach which basically
starts at the Bay Trail and works its way northeast and sweeps up across to
the edge of Bayshore; the principal span structure which basically crosses
Bayshore Road and Highway 101; and then the western approach structure,
which generally goes from West Bayshore down to the trailhead at the
Adobe Creek Trail. Within that West Bayshore, it's divided into several
different elements. One is the approach ramp. The other is another steel
bridge that crosses over Barron and Adobe Creek channel confluence similar
to what's on the other side, albeit a little bit longer. A pathway which
basically is on retain fill within the Santa Clara Valley Water District right-of-
way that basically provides access to the ramp structures for the bridge.
When we looked at structure type, it was basically optimized to look at what
was most cost effective. We knew that there was some priority with some
additional enhancements or core enhancements to improve the user
functionality and the user experience and to improve safety.                We've
incorporated a number of those. The structure type for the ramps are
generally a concrete, short-span structure. This is one of the cheaper forms.
We're going to upgrade them and enhance them with textures and colors
and things like that. The principal span structure is a steel truss structure.
We chose steel for several reasons. One was to optimize the profile, which
allowed us to shorten the structure. It also allowed us to eliminate a column
                                                                           Page 50 of 90
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/7/16
