                         TRANSCRIPT

is looking for which is a kind of range of scores for the projects that we
evaluate.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I got the first part. I mean, I got the second, if
their mass and scale are consistent with nearby buildings. That relates to
me the density of development in the context of underlying zoning and site
surroundings. What happens if the building—if we have a building that the
ARB likes a lot because it's architecturally significant, looks great and it
requires a variance for a architectural. Now we score it really well for good
design, but then we have it lose points. Does it get 0 points because it
wants a variance or does it get 5 points because it's mass and scale are
consistent? I guess I just don't see the need for a variance as to necessarily
relate to the density of a development. I see them as very different. You
could, I suppose, have a variance for more square footage or something.
Then the question is the mass and scale. I guess I'm not sure exactly why
we thought—intellectually why do we think variances or exceptions
necessarily relate to density?

Ms. Gitelman: This is the kind of comment, I guess, we're looking at the
Council. If you don't want that considered, it would be good to know that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Fair enough. I had some concerns there about the way
that was. Quality of design. What does enthusiastically recommend for
approval mean? Does it mean it's a unanimous vote? Does it mean—it's
seven members—six members love this project, one person hates it. Is it
enthusiastic? I mean, I just viewed it as ...

Ms. Gitelman: I think Council Member DuBois was suggesting it's the
number of ARB meetings, but I think the Council used this term when
reviewing the 429 University. I think you told the applicant to go back and
enthusiastic support from the ARB.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In fact, I think that was me that told the applicant to do
that. I think that was. Touché. I'll own that. Now that I'm looking at it in a
statute as opposed to an off-the-cuff go get enthusiastic approval, it's ...

James Keene, City Manager: It put a lot of pressure on the ARB. They're
not sure either. They're trying to act it out and whatnot.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I've got to say, was this—projects receive up to 20
points if they avoid a significant environmental impact under CEQA and if
they have been designed to enhance the built and natural environment.
Enhancements may include ... I guess that's a list that—it's not a list of
                                                                        Page 56 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
