                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I agree with Mayor Burt that the lobbying portion of this
seems like a distraction from the goal of the BID, which for me is making the
Downtown cleaner, safer, doing the banners, raising funds to have events,
that kind of stuff. That's really a role of the Chamber of Commerce. I
support that. Looking at the fee structure, I think it's a good plan. I'm a
little concerned about how much time Staff may spend on this. It wouldn't
be my highest priority if we were prioritizing things. I think over time it's
good. As long as it's not an "as soon as possible" kind of thing, we do it
before (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I meant it to be open, because my assumption was that it may
or may not be something that we could address this year.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Mayor Burt, you might consider—I also have some
concerns, frankly, that when you look at this, most of the money goes
towards an Executive Director's salary, invoicing, that kind of stuff. Frankly,
I probably wouldn't vote to even reauthorize this if it wasn't for the $40,000
or $50,000 that's collected in. I've always thought in the back of my mind
that there may be a better way to do this; that we don't have all of the
money basically going to pay an Executive Director's salary and so small
amount of money actually goes to achieve things in the Downtown. Maybe
you can't achieve that without having the Executive Director and staff.
Maybe that's why you need to do it. I'd like to add in there that we direct
Staff over the term to look at other structures of the BID that may provide
more funds to do tangible things as opposed to going to salary.

Mayor Burt: I'm fine with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “investigate other structures
for the Business Improvement District (BID) that may provide a more
efficient use of the funds that minimizes staff and administrative overhead
and focuses more on direct services.” (new Part C)

Mayor Burt: The same thing as with Part A of the Motion, do we need to
clarify that we're not ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: We don't expect this to be the highest priority.

Mayor Burt: Or that it will not necessarily be accomplished in the 30 days.
It may be for the following year.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought it would be accomplished in the following
year, not in the 30 days. I think this is too big for the 30 days.

                                                                           Page 27 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
