              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
               TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                            February 23, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 3:05 P.M.

Present:    DuBois, Filseth, Kniss, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:     Berman, Burt, Holman, Scharff

Council Member Kniss: Aren't they (crosstalk)?

Beth Minor, City Clerk:   They are all recused from this item due to living
within that area.

Oral Communications

Council Member Schmid: First item of business as it is of every meeting of
the City Council is Oral Communication. It's an opportunity for anyone in
the public to address the Council on an item not on the Agenda. We have
two speakers limited to three minutes each. First speaker is Tom Shannon.
Welcome.

Tom Shannon: Good afternoon, Council Members. I am Tom Shannon, and
I live at 256 Kellogg Avenue, directly across the street from Castilleja
School. I've lived there for 27 years, and I've been a resident of Palo Alto
for 36 years. I come before the Council to talk about traffic and parking
issues that plague my Castilleja neighborhood and Castilleja's recent
disclosure that they want to increase their enrollment to 540 students.
That's 125 more than currently allowed under their Conditional Use Permit
(CUP) and 30 percent, the largest ever proposed. We, the neighborhood,
bear the brunt of traffic generated by Castilleja students, staff and visitors.
We also have recently experienced spillover from Professorville of employees
seeking on-street parking that does not require a permit.           Note that
Castilleja is both a middle school and a high school where juniors and
seniors, staff and visitors drive to school and park on neighborhood streets
surrounding the school not just five days a week but seven days a week,
mornings, afternoons and evenings. We are seeking the Council's help and
support to curb these negative impacts. While we appreciate Castilleja's
mission to deliver a top-notch, I repeat top-notch, education to young
women, we ask the Council to deny approval of an enrollment increase


                                                                       Page 1 of 66
