                          TRANSCRIPT
that we make sure that anyone who speaks will have an opportunity to
speak regardless of what their basis of anything is. What I see in America
right now is very unsettling. The fact that they put people in charge of
natural resources who are exploiters of resources instead of protector of the
public, we have a duty of care. I know Palo Alto will stand forward, but I
want you to get the business community to stand forward, and they won't
pass on any names. I think you need to really take an assertive position
here. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Valerie Stinger to be followed by Jane Stern.

Valerie Stinger: Good evening. It's Valerie Stinger. You may know me
from the Human Relations Commission, but I'm speaking tonight as an
individual. I wanted to speak to thank the initiator and the collaborators for
this resolution. I think it's always valuable to examine and recommit to our
values. This strongly speaks to the diverse and inclusive community that we
are. The Human Relations Commission is committed to a community of
tolerance and respect. We have several activities ongoing, which I wanted
to describe quickly to you. The first is a forum that's following up on a
forum that we did in March on Being Different Together. That forum looked
at implicit bias. We're going to be running a series of community events
beginning in February that's called Being Different Together: Taking the
Conversation Deeper. Our objectives are to build a community which can
talk through difficult issues, create an opportunity to network and develop a
dialog about diversity in Palo Alto, to grow personally in our ability to listen
and appreciate diversity, and to become a model City for respect and
tolerance. Individual Commissioners have also supported other community
groups. We have just recently endorsed a community program that will
address immigrants and allies, and that will be held in January. Thirdly, we
have a subcommittee that will be beginning an exploration of workers'
wellbeing in Palo Alto. Finally, our January Agenda, we'll be looking at a
discussion about priorities and our work plans related to building a
community of tolerance and respect. These are some of the activities which
are ongoing. I believe they give legs to this resolution. I support this
resolution, and I look forward to your observations and suggestions to the
HRC to implement the spirit of this Colleagues' Memo. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jane Stern, to be followed by
Jerry Schwarz.

Jane Stern: Good evening. This will be short and personal. I'm speaking in
support of the Memo to reaffirm Palo Alto's commitment to a diverse,
supportive, inclusive and protective community. I've been a high school
guidance counselor for most of my adult life. I've seen the power of the

                                                                          Page 99 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
