                          TRANSCRIPT
claimed that dewatering while using the storm drains does not increase the
need for capital improvement projects. Maybe so, but 56 percent of the
proposed 2018 Storm Water Management Budget is for operating costs
including water quality management and maintenance of the storm drain
system. These costs are independent of capacity improvement projects and
are incurred year round. We propose to the public's vote on the storm water
measure, City Council support ordinances that eliminate or very significantly
reduce the use of the storm drains for disposal of construction dewatering
and/or impose a meaningful fee for use of the storm drains by point source
discharge as recommended by the Blue Ribbon Committee Item 14. Any or
all of the steps would certainly increase voter support for the storm water
management ballot measure.         Save Palo Alto's Groundwater remains
committed to working with the City on managing our storm water while at
the same time advocating for our groundwater, both of which in this time of
drought are increasingly valuable community resources. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have another speaker, Scott Lane. Welcome.

Scott Lane: Thank you again. I just want to echo the support of what this
is all about. This is wonderful. Anything that you (inaudible) literally locally
on each person's property reduces the overall cost. Eventually this drought
is going to be over, I hope, and we'll have another cycle of heavy rains.
Looking at Portland and other cities that have a large amount of rain and are
locally doing things, it really makes a huge difference. It'd be interesting for
Palo Alto to talk to other cities and find out where they are as far as their
caps, as far as capacity of the sewage system, for example. The more
housing we're building—we have these strains on all of our infrastructure.
Anything that we can do locally for existing residents is good. I think by
having this, it also is an awareness for all new housing that's going to come
in. I think it's going to be easier for the Planning Department and the
Planning Commission and other folks to actually do the right thing first. Palo
Alto's always been the leader at doing the right things as far as green. This
is like a win-win-win all the way around. Once again, thank you very much.

Public Hearing closed at 8:02 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. It appears we have no more members of the public
wishing to speak. If anyone else has a card, last chance. This is the final
opportunity for members of the public to submit written protests to the
clerk. We'll now close the public hearing. Before we return to Council
questions and discussions, we'll first tabulate the written protests. Does the
Clerk have those numbers? Do you want to go ahead and proceed or should
I be stating the number of parcels first? There are 20,278 parcels subject to
the proposed fee, meaning that 10,140 protests are needed to constitute a

                                                                         Page 48 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
