                          TRANSCRIPT
infrastructure or we come up with some other descriptor for what we mean
about the criticality of protecting it under all scenarios?

Council Member Holman: I appreciate the second. From my perspective, it
not only elevates the importance of it by identifying it as infrastructure. For
CEQA analysis, there are so many environmental advantages to having a
good supported and sustained urban forest, that I think it would help with
the—I'm not all that keen on mitigations all the time. I think it would help
us in evaluating what the impacts would be to any additional development if
we have a sustained and supported urban forest as part of our
infrastructure.

Mr. Keene: I'm going to argue that it could actually diminish the way it
could be looked at also. I don't think that the EIR is going to miss the
environmental importance of the urban forest if it's not labeled
infrastructure. I think there's objective the Council is trying to achieve by
putting it in the class of infrastructure. That made sense earlier this
evening. Right at this piece of it, I ...

Council Member Holman:         I haven't seen anywhere that planting of
additional trees is being used as mitigation other than removal of trees.
That's why I'm looking to putting this in a stronger position.

Ms. Gitelman: Could I make a suggestion? It might be appropriate in Table
5, the sustainability measures. The CAC is committed to developing a
Comprehensive Plan Update that is protective and enhances the urban
forest. We could identify it in the sustainability measures as something we'd
put in these two scenarios to ensure that is in fact the case.

Mayor Burt: I think that's the better place to put it, under Table 5.

Council Member Holman: Do you have particular language, Hillary, that you
think would capture that?

Ms. Gitelman: We could say something in Table 5 about protecting and
enhancing the urban forest as a community value or something really broad.

Mr. Keene: (crosstalk) natural infrastructure or something.

Council Member Holman:      Natural infrastructure.   Community value is not
strong enough.

AMENDMENT L RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Mayor Burt to add to the Motion, “add to Table 5, ‘protecting and enhancing
the urban forest as natural infrastructure.’” (New Part C.iv.)

                                                                         Page 74 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
