                         TRANSCRIPT
reserved parking spaces for you as City Council Members. Everybody loves
their pony. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Norman Beamer, to
be followed by Amanda Boyce.

Norman Beamer: Chop is in error; the discussion of annual reduction was
very much a part of the process, and it was proposed to Council by Staff at
the December meeting as a result of the stakeholder process. As I said at
the last meeting at a very late hour, at the time I felt that the current
proposal was better than nothing. I'm hearing today and I have heard over
the last few weeks a lot of people are very unhappy with it. If you go ahead
and don't follow my previous plea for a College Terrace-type of
arrangement, if you go ahead and allocate nonresident parking to the
Crescent Park area, as I understand it, it would fill up one-third of the
available spaces in the neighborhood with nonresident parking which are
areas that had essentially zero nonresident parking before. This would be
totally unacceptable but for the fact that the current proposal mandates a
reduction of 200 nonresident permits per year and requires that the
reduction come first from the outer districts including Crescent Park. If you
go ahead with this proposal—at this late hour, I'm not suggesting that you
start over again. By all means, you've got to keep the 200 per year
reduction. Now, the commercial interests are trying to backtrack and block
the 200 per year reduction requirement. This is ironic given that they are
such great cheerleaders for the Transportation Demand Management
Program which has an even more ambitious 400 vehicle per year reduction
goal. In other forums, they tout the transportation demand program as a
solution that would allow for even further development and office expansion.
At the same time, they're coming here and saying it won't work. Indeed, it
wouldn't work if you don't have that 200 per year reduction mandate.
Thanks.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Amanda Boyce, to be
followed by Allen Akin.

Amanda Boyce: Good afternoon, City Council. My name is Amanda Boyce,
and I'm Principal of Addison Elementary School. Addison is located near
Downtown Palo Alto between Middlefield, Webster, Addison and Lincoln.
Addison was the only elementary school affected by Phase One of the RPP
Program. When the school learned about Phase One of the Program a
month before it was implemented, the school inquired about free staff
permits as we have approximately 60 staff members at Addison School and
a parking lot that only holds 17 spots. We were told that the school had to
absorb the cost which cost approximately $15,000. The District agreed to

                                                                       Page 14 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/23/16
