                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I will support the Motion. I don't have necessarily
strong feelings about each one of the items identified, but I would identify
Number 2H and 3B that stress the massing of the project and especially 4A
and 4B. 4A says transitions of development intensity from higher density
development building type to building types compatible with the surrounding
area. On that, the item that was most significant for me was the applicant's
map of vehicle access. It shows clearly on the north side of Lytton from
Alma to Waverley over the last decade or so, 15 years, there's been a
tremendous build-up of large-scale, massive buildings. 101, 181, 250, 265,
305, 325, 379. That brings us to Waverley. There's nothing to the east of
Waverley. This project on the corner of Kipling presents a new massing in a
new part of that Lytton north corridor. I think it raises the issue of 4A and
4B significantly. The other items that are not mentioned on this that were
important to me is the loading issue and the cumulative traffic on Kipling,
which is a particularly narrow street in the Downtown that is facing
development issues. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'm going to support the Motion only in the sense
that I hope it gives the applicant the best opportunity to come back with a
new design that hopefully gets majority approval from the Council, which is
going to be difficult given the different views you've heard today. I agree
with some colleagues on some things and some colleagues on others. I'm
not necessarily wedded to any of the particular parts of the Context-Based
Design Criteria that the maker of the Motion brought up. Certain colleagues
have talked a lot about the proximity to the low-density residential behind it
or north of the project. I think Council Member Wolbach makes a good
point. It is a one-story building next to a two-story building, I think, next to
another two-story building. I thought the applicant actually did a pretty
good job of attempting to do that. Council Member DuBois brought up that
some of the other samples had a buffer. Maybe I'm misunderstanding this,
but this seems to have a buffer. There's a 35-foot driveway between the
home to the north and the project. That's a pretty good buffer in addition to
a hedge that is part of the proposal. Caddy-corner, I guess, to the—there is
a one-story building a little bit further back with the terrace on top. Maybe
that terrace idea needs to be reevaluated. That is right next to a garden
part of the project that again is a buffer to the appellant's property. It
seems like there are buffers there in the project. I hope when this project
comes back we recognize the fact that buffers were attempted and do exist.
There are the issues of scaling and mass and the desire to have more
housing. I was more worried about the kind of mass on Kipling with the
one-story home across from Kipling and maybe stepping that third story
back a little bit. If you do that, that's eating into the housing that we all
                                                                          Page 58 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
