                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I just want to say—again, I think a lot of people
here have said it—I support the $15 an hour wage as being closer to a living
wage. I do think we need to balance the ability of our smaller businesses to
absorb wage increases by spreading it over a number of years. I also see a
lot of value with us being aligned with most of the cities on the Peninsula.
Personally, I support the Cities Association's schedule. I think we need to
continue to look at ease of enforcement, which we haven't really talked
about tonight. It was a big issue that we've discussed in the past. I do
support some of these ideas, having the City kind of market the wage
increases to help educate the public before the increases come. I'm open to
committing to update our local Ordinance if something changes with Labor
Code 351. I'm also open to the idea of the City supporting advocating for
change at the State level. I imagine we're going to have some conversation,
but I'd like to go ahead and make the Staff Motion, which was the Policy and
Services Motion.

Council Member Kniss: Do you want a second yet or wait?

Council Member DuBois: I actually was going to have two additions. With
the addition that we would commit to update our local Ordinance if Labor
Code 351 changes to allow exclusion of tipped workers. Secondly, that the
City will support advocating for change at the State level to consider
excluding tipped wages.

Council Member Kniss: I did one second. I can do a second, second.

Council Member DuBois: That's it.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to adopt an Ordinance amending the City’s Minimum Wage Ordinance
to align with the Cities Association recommendation to increase the
minimum wage to $15.00 per hour in three steps: $12.00 on January 1,
2017; $13.50 on January 1, 2018, $15.00 on January 1, 2019, and a
Consumer Price Index (CPI) increase after 2019 indexed to the Bay Area CPI
with a 5 percent cap and no exemptions and commit to updating the City’s
Ordinance to exclude tipped employees if Labor Code Section 351 is updated
to allow this exemption and the City will support advocating for this
exemption at the state level.

Council Member DuBois: Just to speak to these two additions. I'm not
advocating that we automatically update our Ordinance, but that it would
come back if there was a change. We do have lobbyists at the State level,
so I think we could have those lobbyists support changes that would handle
tipped workers.

                                                                     Page 83 of 100
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/26/16
