                          TRANSCRIPT
minimal as possible. We have notified residents in the area and will be
getting the word out on all of our communications channels. Obviously this
is work to be the least disruptive overall even given these difficulties have to
take place at night. Just a reminder. As we wind things up in December,
our City Council will hold two neighborhood town halls in December as a
continuation of your initiative to strengthen citizen participation and
outreach to neighborhoods.         The first will be in the College Terrace
neighborhood on Wednesday, December 7th, at Escondido Elementary
School, 890 Escondido Road. The second will be held at Barron Park on
December 14th at the Barron Park Elementary School, 800 Barron Avenue.
Both town hall meetings will run from 7:00 to 9:00 P.M. It will be on our
end attended by a number of representatives from the City Council and
various City Staff. That's all I have to report. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: We now can go to Oral Communications. I have two speaker
cards. Our first is Rob Lancefield, to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.
Welcome.

Rob Lancefield: Good evening. My name is Rob Lancefield; I live at 189
Walter Hays Drive. I have six compliments, one request and four comments
in support of the request. The compliments are last Friday and yesterday, I
had terrific response from two of the City Staff in the Business Development
Center, two people in the Department of Public Works, and two people in the
Community Services Department. They were open and responsive. You
couldn't ask for anything better. My request relates to the change of
management of the Rinconada pool. I'm asking that you put a 90-day
delay. I went to the Community Services Department (CSD) this afternoon
and got this Report, which is dated—it's well done. Although, I think there's
some additional information that the Council needs.                 It's dated
September 27th, and that was about the time we were all really focused on
the election.     I certainly was.    The timeline proposed by this is that
January 1st Time Sheeper would be basically running the pool. Five weeks,
and we're just starting the holiday season and we just finished a big election
season. What's missing?        What could be added to the Report? For one
thing, it says that they can't find employees to work at the wages they paid,
but there's no mention of what wages they're actually paying or what wages
Time Sheeper pays in order to get work. Are these our kids that we're kind
of stiffing, short changing? I don't know. I'm guessing that a lot of our kids,
a lot of the Staff are kind of local kids. What are we doing? If that's the
decision, then let's talk about it. There's reference to the average number of

                                                                          Page 53 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
