                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: You said not the full. Are you implying that they
pay ...

Mayor Burt: I got confused by the schedule. If an applicant has an appeal,
how does that fee structure break down?

Ms. Gitelman: Currently the Applicant would pay the $280 appeal fee, and
then the Applicant would be on tap to pay all the remaining costs based on
the amount of time.

Mayor Burt: What I'm intending to say here is if the Applicant appeals and
prevails, they would only pay the $280 fee.

Council Member DuBois: I still feel there's some value to a clean project, a
project that's not pushing the boundary ...

Mayor Burt: That's pretty subjective in my mind. I understand your point.

Council Member DuBois: I think a by-the-book project is unlikely to be
appealed. It takes less Staff time.

Mayor Burt: I guess basically, one, you're not accepting that Amendment.

Council Member DuBois: I'm trying to—I would say let's vote on that one
separately.

Mayor Burt: I would need a second.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Berman to
add to the Motion, “if an Applicant appeals and prevails, the Applicant would
not be obligated to pay additional fees.” (New Part G)

Mayor Burt: I'll just briefly speak to it. Council Member DuBois made the
point that projects that are subject to appeal, in this case, by an Applicant—
he's arguing they're probably pushing the boundaries. That may or may not
be the case. In the end, this body or whichever is the body that sees the
appeal makes that determination. Getting close to a boundary is really not
something that you are guilty of doing.         It's whether whoever is the
appropriate body determines did it go over the line or not go over the line.
That's, I think, what really should predominate. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: It's important to be consistent across situations
regardless of who the Appellant is. This is just applying the same rules

                                                                        Page 32 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
