                          TRANSCRIPT
goes to businesses. I don't think it's appropriate for the City to be doing the
pilot. You don't gain any opportunity in getting the awards when they come
out. Instead, I believe you should learn from the pilots. It's better to be
doing those pilots in those big cities that have been offered. As has already
been mentioned, this is similar to programs that have already been done in
New York, so in a sense there already has been a pilot. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Lorrie Castellano to be followed by Robyn Duby.

Lorrie Castellano: Hello. I am a longtime resident of Palo Alto, but I have
never been here before. I voted a bunch of you ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: That was my fault.

Mayor Burt: You only get (crosstalk).

Ms. Castellano: Does that mean you agree with me completely?

Mayor Burt: Now you get 3 additional minutes.

Ms. Castellano: I raised my daughter here, and I built a successful business
here, so I have a stake in this community. Like most Palo Altans I travel a
lot. When I used to go some place and they'd say, "Where do you come
from?" I'd say, "Palo Alto outside of San Francisco," or "Palo Alto near
Stanford." Now, I just say Palo Alto, and eyebrows raise. They give me
total credit for every technological advancement in this Valley, which I love.
I take it like it's mine. I would like to see Palo Alto be an innovator in global
warming. When I heard about the Cool City Challenge, I raised my hand
immediately to be a block leader, because it was the one program that I
read about, that made me feel like it wasn't just a drop in the bucket, that I
could really make a difference. As a psychotherapist, I like the idea of
people coming together and supporting each other to make life changes that
are very hard to make. It's really hard for me to get on a bicycle. It's really
hard for me to get out of my car. With group support and knowing my
neighbors and all of us talking about these things, I think we can make a
real difference. We have to make a real difference. This is a very, very big
problem. I want Palo Alto to be the center of that so that we do this
program, the pilot, and then it spreads out to the rest of the country, and
then people say, "Palo Alto, that's where global warming made a difference."
That's what I want to say tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Robyn Duby to be followed by Vanessa Warheit.

Robyn Duby:    Thank you for hearing me on the topic of Cool Cities
Challenge. I'm really excited about it because having done a low-carbon
                                                                          Page 49 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
