                          TRANSCRIPT
make it clear to the community—I think most of the neighborhood is in this
room right now—that we're not going to approve a project if it's really out of
style with the neighborhood. My guess is that everybody has heard that
message. I think that's the appropriate direction to take. Saying let's adopt
a single story overlay even though it didn't meet the thresholds, let's do it
for a year anyhow is wrong, is bad policy and bad optics.

Mayor Burt: I'll just briefly say that we're having a review of the IR
Guidelines and an update because the Council and a lot of the community
felt that they needed to be strengthened. This Council has already shown
that it has been willing to insist upon some improvements that had been
frankly projects that would have gotten through in years past. I also think
that we can have the IR Guidelines give some moderate protections while we
await coming forward with a longer-term solution. I think I'm going to
support basically opposing this part of the Motion.

MOTION PART B RESTATED:            Council Member DuBois moved, seconded
by Council Member Holman to:

B.    Adopt an Ordinance establishing a Single Story Overlay District (SSO)
      for up to one year to return for potential renewal if the Eichler overlay
      discussion is not completed.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the board. What we are voting on is whether or
not to have a one year ordinance establishing a single story overlay for this
neighborhood only. That fails on a 4-3 vote with Council Members DuBois,
Kniss and Holman voting yes. That will conclude this item. Thank you to
everyone from the public for all your participation.

MOTION PART B AS AMENDED FAILED: 3-4 DuBois, Holman, Kniss yes,
Schmid, Wolbach not participating

Mayor Burt: The split baby is in the lobby. We'll take a brief break to allow
the public to shuffle out, who doesn't want to stay for the rest of our exciting
meeting. I don't mean to scare anybody away.

Council took a break from 9:30 P.M. to 9:40 P.M.

Council Members Schmid and Wolbach returned to the meeting at 9:40 P.M.




                                                                         Page 83 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
