                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: My next question is—I'm guessing it's going to be
the same answer. I noticed the in-house Staff costs for Southgate and
Evergreen Park are like 10 times what they for Edgewood and Crescent Park.
Why is that?

Ms. Atkinson:    That would be a potentially more involved stakeholder
process including ...

Council Member Filseth: It's the stakeholder process.

Ms. Atkinson:      ... identification of stakeholders, holding community
meetings, doing outreach and gaining input from those who need to provide
input into those programs.

Council Member Filseth: Finally, I want to sort of—I was curious on your
answer to Council Member Scharff's question which is on the enforcement
cost in Crescent Park, for example. You said that if we just had the existing
contractor enforce three more blocks, then it would cost less than that. I
can't imagine a scenario where we wouldn't do that. What scenario would
we not do that in? Irrespective of what we decide for permits and so forth,
that's the contract for the contractor. Is there any scenario we wouldn't do
that?

Ms. Atkinson: That's entirely up to Council to review the petition and direct
Staff if we are annexing or if we're evaluating as a separate district. If it's a
separate district, it may require its own enforcement Staff.

Council Member Filseth: Why is that? Because it's a separate—how we
define the district versus how we contract with the enforcement group
seems like two separate things.

Ms. Atkinson: Perhaps I'm misunderstanding the question. If a Crescent
Park RPP were set up independently of the Downtown RPP district, we would
likely need a half-time enforcement office to cover those streets. That would
be the cost that's estimated here. If it were to be annexed into the
Downtown RPP district, it would just be adding three blocks to somebody's
existing route. That would be a significantly lower cost. The cost estimate
was made based on the petition that was for a resident-only permit program
that is not the current Downtown RPP program. If the direction were to
annex to the Downtown RPP district, that cost would be significantly lower.

Council Member Filseth: I still don't understand, but I'll leave the issue.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.


                                                                         Page 74 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
