                         TRANSCRIPT

comments included wildlife corridors and impacts to wildlife. Those were
dismissed. I think perhaps one of the things where Palo Alto takes such care
of nature and what it means to all of us, perhaps ask that some of that
money, if they move forward with this, will be allocated to wildlife crossings
over 17 near Los Gatos and maybe also for Highway 101 over in Coyote
Valley. I think that would be a tremendous value to our environment and
probably more so than expanding Page Mill Road. I think there's a problem
when the river is of oil or wider than a river is of water. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Carl Guardino. Welcome.

Carl Guardino, Silicon Valley Leadership Group: Mayor Burt and members of
the Council, thank you for taking up this important issue this evening. My
name's Carl Guardino with the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. It's a
pleasure to be here once again. First, I want to commend the Council of
what we continue to hear is the understanding that we need more local
funds for local priorities with local accountability and transparency to meet
local needs. That is a great step forward. The second thing that I just want
to commend you for, as you've worked together as a Council and with
neighboring cities and towns, is something that is very similar to what we've
been working on as one organization for three-plus years with stakeholder
partners, public and private sector, in terms of the categories that you're
considering this evening. I also think it is commendable of the Staff
recommendation recognizing the Mayor and your City Manager to continue
negotiating on the part of the City for something that is best not only for the
North County and the West Valley, but for our county and communities
overall. What it comes right down to is the need to continue to refine
numbers to reflect sound policy and the best projects that help build a
systems wide approach to the transportation needs that we have in this
valley when we know that we are resource constrained. What I would
suggest is that you don't feel a need to rush tonight to approving dollar
amounts in every category. Dollar amounts at this point, I don't believe
best serve those ongoing negotiations for the Mayor and Manager to make.
Already, as you know, those other West Valley and North County cities, as
the Mayor indicated, are not finding common ground in that approach. That
doesn't hurt your ability to continue to negotiate. Los Gatos on a 5-0 vote
voted not to move forward with specific dollar amounts. The same signal
has been sent from Saratoga. It's also been sent from Monte Sereno.
That's three of the five West Valley cities alone. Do move forward with the
recognition that we need more funds, that we need basically these
categories. We have a couple of disagreements on the categories, but we'll
work through that together. We believe that there's no need tonight to lock
                                                                         Page 79 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
