                          TRANSCRIPT
on the Business Registry attached to tonight's Agenda shows promise but
also some unsettling problems. Right off the bat, the report contains a
stunner that Downtown Palo Alto now contains almost seven million square
feet of business space. Just two years ago, the Downtown Cap Study
reported that Downtown's commercial space was under three million square
feet. If you believe both, our Downtown businesses have more than doubled
in size in just two years. Oops. Why does the Business Registry show such
high numbers? One reason is that some companies signed up twice. You
heard that they didn't want to sign up, but apparently some just enjoyed
signing up. It's not hard to spot these in the report. For example, the
Epiphany Hotel signed up twice, as did Webster House and the Palo Alto
Medical Foundation. I'm not sure why the Medical Foundation was even
included in Downtown; it certainly skews the total. The owners of the office
building at Hamilton and Webster signed up twice. While doing so, they
claim their building has a total of 565 parking spaces, which is actually about
five times as many as they have. You can't trust the parking totals in the
Report either. One of the tenants in that building is a little startup called
Quartzy. It's small, but it claimed that it actually occupies the entire
building. It has about 25 or fewer employees, so that comes to about 2,000
square feet per employee. That means that you can't trust the square feet
per employee number in the Report either. Looking beyond Downtown, the
Report contains many other obvious errors. The Volvo dealership on El
Camino seems to like big numbers. They claim that their buildings are about
five times the size of their entire lot, which is not possible. Caffé Riace,
always a subject of controversy, escaped scrutiny just by not registering at
all. My personal favorite is Safeway which, despite being the second largest
grocer in Palo Alto, hasn't registered either. I could go on and on, but the
problem is obvious. While there is some useful information in the Report,
it's not a reliable basis for any policy making. Some simple fixes would help
in the future, like alerting companies when they try to register twice and
when they enter wildly implausible data. Neilson is going to speak next
about the budget issues associated with this. Thanks.

Neilson Buchanan: Good evening. This is at least the third time I have
spoken about the Business Registry to the City Council. In each case, my
theme has been how important the Business Registry is and, secondly, how
underfunded and under-challenged the project has been framed. I had the
opportunity with several of the residents to meet with the appropriate City
Staff in the last week or so. I have a pretty good understanding of what
resources they've had available to them and how they're scrambling to fix
the vitality of the database. Frankly, there's some fundamental problems
that can only be addressed by adequate staffing and a really good corrective
set of actions. I think my best action is simply go to the Finance Committee
and plead a case for proper staffing and resources for the Business Registry.
                                                                           Page 9 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
