                          TRANSCRIPT
also going to have an effect of helping motorists be aware of bicyclists using
this. What Josh mentioned, kind of a rather innovative and, at this point,
fairly new configuration. We don't see a lot of it around the country at this
point, so it'd be a learning curve, especially for folks that live on this. Our
engineering staff, Alta is confident that this could be done safely. We
wouldn't have brought it otherwise to the City if we didn't think it could be
done safely because particularly those driveways, although the number is
high, are residential. The same drivers are going to be going in and out of
their driveways every day and become quickly attuned to what they need to
look for. As I mentioned, they're already looking for pedestrians moving in
both directions and bicyclists in one direction. It's a new direction of
bicyclists coming across their path. Hopefully that answers your question.

Vice Mayor Scharff: With that explanation, I actually would support the
Loma Verde Bike Path. Given the price—part of it would be a conditional
support, frankly, in that I'm assuming we can use the grant money and get
them to go with that. If we can't use the grant money, I may still support it
frankly, but I'd like to know that before we went off and spent a lot of
money on it frankly. I have real concerns about—if we don't do the
Matadero Creek one, I think spending the $450,000 or $500,000 to do a
seasonal undercrossing makes zero sense at that point, I think. It's a big
number. I'm a little sensitive, frankly, that we spent $383,000 on this and,
at the end of the day, we won't really have anything to show for that money
other than we now know this doesn't work as a full Matadero Creek. I don't
really want to do that with the seasonal undercrossing. I don't really
understand, since the Finance Committee spent so much time looking at
where we are with our infrastructure and there really didn't seem to be
enough Staff time and enough Staff resources to move forward on
infrastructure projects, and this holds two new Staff infrastructure projects,
which is a seasonal undercrossing and the Caltrain/Alma Street
undercrossing. I guess on that to spend $1 million or to direct Staff to go
start doing that without understanding how that fits into the overall plan of
how we're going to do our infrastructure and what money we're going to
spend, I don't think I would support that tonight. I might support it in terms
of a separate Staff Report that talked about framing it in terms of what this
affects the rest of the Infrastructure Plan and what the Staff resources are to
do this and what Staff that'll pull away and what's the likelihood after we
spend that $1 million that we'll actually get it funded. I might actually want
to see the VTA tax pass first. If the argument was that if you started it now,
you'll get first in line for that money. I'd just rather see a separate Staff
Report rather than do this, frankly, almost as an addendum to the Matadero
Bike Creek. I won't be supporting that tonight. I think that's really sort of
my thoughts at this point.

                                                                        Page 46 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
