                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I think this is really a tough call. I'm sort of with Cory
on the Loma Verde. It's cheaper and it goes better. I was very concerned
with what you said about the safety, frankly. I was trying to judge whether
or not it was "the perfect being the enemy of the good" or if there really was
a dangerous situation that we shouldn't build. The fact that you even
brought it to us let's me think, to some extent, that it can't be that
dangerous. Otherwise, why is it even brought to us as a possibility? I guess
I would pose that back to you.

Mr. Mello: Two-way, separated bikeways are fairly new in the United States.
Two-way, separated bikeways on two-way streets are not very common.
While best practices generally dictate that you don't install a two-way facility
on a two-way street with a lot of driveways, we've kind of gone back and
forth because it's a residential street, the driveways are extremely low
volume, most of the people using the driveways are going to know that
there's a two-way bikeway in front of their house, and that they need to look
both ways with the exception of visitors and people.              There's also
intersections that you're going to be traversing on a two-way bikeway, and
those may be frequented by people that are visitors and not quite familiar
with the operation of the two-way bikeway. We've struggled with this a little
bit. If it was a commercial street with a lot of shopping center driveways,
we wouldn't have even brought it to you, because it's just not something we
would recommend. Because of the quietness of Loma Verde and the low
volume of the driveways, it's something we considered for a little bit.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I know it wasn't the Staff recommendation, but would
you think it was in the realm of reasonableness given the safety, the way
you've described it, for Council to say move forward with the Loma Verde or
would you say that you would have serious concerns about that?

Mr. Mello: I'll let Jeff weigh in too. They look at a lot of these types of
facilities across the country. I would say I think there's ways to mitigate if
there were driveways that we were really concerned about.                   There's
treatments that you can do at the driveways. You can actually raise the
path and create kind of a speed hump for the path users. There's enhanced
signage and striping. There's geometric things we can do to address if there
was one particular driveway or a handful of driveways that we were really
concerned about sight lines. I think a lot of the concerns can be mitigated.
I'll let Jeff talk a little bit more about it. We've talked about this extensively.

Mr. Knowles: The other thing I would mention is that the travel way would
be reduced to 19 feet, so it's a pretty narrow space for cars. That's also
going to be a traffic calming feature that, I think, was brought up. That's
                                                                           Page 45 of 116
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/20/16
