                          TRANSCRIPT
reviewed the past projects. We are requesting that right-turn enhancement
to enhance that intersection.

Council Member DuBois: When the County says it's required—it was being
mentioned as a public benefit, but is it basically required to build on that lot?

Mr. Lait:     Thank you, Council Member.        I don't believe that it's a
requirement. I think in some earlier conversations there has been about this
site and other developments an interest in that as a public benefit, so that
we can improve the intersection at that location. As I'm understanding this
applicant—this isn't a Planned Community (PC), so we're not really talking
about public benefits in that context. As I understand it, the applicant is still
interested in offering that to the City.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you, and thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. A couple of things. The first would be the
parking. Ninety to 102 parking spaces is what you said would normally be.
What's the different between the 90 and the 102? Is it just number of units?
What would be the reason for the variation?

Ms. Hodgkins: It would depend on the exact number of each type of unit.
There's different requirements for a studio unit versus a one-bedroom. Also,
the guest parking. There's a requirement in the Code related to whether
they're dedicated spaces or not. That would make a difference.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I didn't follow if they were dedicated spaces.
Why would they be dedicated or not dedicated?

Ms. Gerhardt: If there was reserved parking.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You have more spaces if it's reserved parking, less if it's
not.

Ms. Gerhardt: Correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it.        I had some questions for the applicant.
(inaudible) be all right?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This is a rental project, right? You're not putting a map
on it?

                                                                          Page 9 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
