                          TRANSCRIPT

yourself into dollar amounts that are this specific, when there's a lot more
thought process that we could mutually put in with it. I want to thank you
again for your hard work, for your collaborative spirit and our desire to work
closely with you over the next 273 days towards the successful effort on
November 8th.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Guardino: Thank you, sir.

Mayor Burt: We'll now return for discussion and a potential motion. Vice
Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Thank you to all the speakers. I think, first
of all, we really desperately need regional improvements in our traffic.
These are all good projects. We do want to get BART to San Jose finished.
Caltrain improvements are very, very important to us.                I think, as
Mr. Guardino said, it's really a negotiation of where the funds are going to go
and what we're going to achieve with those funds. I think when we looked
at this with the West Valley cities, I think this is a pretty good approximation
of where we want to go. By passing this tonight, which I think we should
do, I don't feel we're locking ourselves in to these numbers. In fact, this is
an iterative process. I think the motion that Staff suggested is that it be an
iterative process. In fact, part of it is to authorize the City Manager and the
Mayor or their designee to engage with the VTA and other stakeholders to
refine the City's position and work forward. I think that's really important.
When I've attended some of these meetings on these issues, it seems to me
that the categories themselves are not very far off. In fact, if you wouldn't
mind if I ask Mr. Guardino a question?

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess when looking at these categories that we have
in this advocacy position, I mean would you agree they're fairly similar to
your own categories?

Mr. Guardino: They are very similar. We've added a category that I'm not
sure is captured there around basic transit services for the most vulnerable
in our valley, seniors, the disabled, students, low income workers. We think
that's a very important ingredient to add, but most of the other categories
are very similar.


                                                                          Page 80 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
