                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: The moratorium.

Council Member Holman: I don't think it's really a moratorium. I think it's—
call it what you want, but it's a ...

Mayor Burt: We froze everything. It was a moratorium on change of any
retail to non-retail.

Council Member Holman: It's really an urgency ordinance, I think, is what—
yeah. What you're talking about would affect Number 52 and 55, which
would be make changes to that ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Potentially, yeah.

Mr. Keene: What I heard Hillary say is on 55, while it is yellow, we were
saying we would be on track to have made the changes that needed to be
made by the time the two year cycle of the ordinance had passed. It was
yellow, but it was going to be completed in time.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just to weigh in on that. You said can happen. That
wasn't a commitment. If it had said it will happen before the end of the
expiration, so I thought, "What's the difference between being green and
being yellow?" I got the sense this may happen. If it's green, that's great.

Mayor Burt: I think that's a correct framing of 52 and 55. We'd be voting
on whether we want that to be reprioritized so that it comes back sooner
than it otherwise might or more certainly than it otherwise might. This other
thing that I proposed is whether we take a look at exemptions or whatever
on an interim basis. Let's vote on each of those three separately. On 52, do
we think that we want the other commercial districts to come back sooner
than Staff was planning? That's two. What's that? Three.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just want it to come back before the ordinance
expires. That's different to me than before (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Let me reframe it then. Do we want to make sure that 52
comes back to us adequately before the ordinance expires?

Council Member Berman: Greg Schmid doesn't agree (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Same question on 55, which is Downtown. Same question.

Ms. Gitelman: That is yellow because it's going slower than we would hope,
but it is programmed to come back before the ordinance expires in April of
2017. It's yellow.

                                                                      Page 88 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
