                         TRANSCRIPT
those options. What the State has set up is really a much more streamlined
review process for the projects that meet the State's objectives.

Mayor Burt: That helps. I'll have follow-up questions later. Council Member
Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. My question for Staff. The
County guidelines for triggering a TIA sounds like a project with 100 car
trips. What determines—is that Palo Alto's guideline as well or what's our
standard for what kicks off a TIA and also what kicks off a CEQA?

Mr. Mello: For a TIA, we typically start—we look at whether it's going to
generate 100 trips during a peak hour. That would immediately initiate a
traffic impact analyses. We are typically more stringent and, if we think it's
going to have an impact on the local roadway network, we may require it
even though it does not meet that 100 peak hour trip threshold. Regards an
EIR, I'll let Hillary answer that question.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. As the Council's aware, the
decision about when an impact is significant versus less than significant and,
therefore, when an EIR is needed is a complicated one that really varies by
the topic. In the case of a transportation impact, we've used level of service
and the thresholds that were explained, Level of Service E for local
intersections and Level of Service F for the CMP intersections, as the way to
determine when a significant impact would occur and, therefore, when
mitigation or an override was needed.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you very much. That's helpful. Let me ask
it a slightly different way as well. Is it likely that we're going to have
projects that require a CEQA that don't require a TIA or is it the other?

Ms. Gitelman: That would be unlikely.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for the presentation. As I read through
the material and things I've read before, how VMT, vehicle miles traveled, is
actually calculated and how it shifts over time and how that's addressed isn't
really very clear. I may have follow-up questions to this. Can you explain
how is VMT calculated? When is it calculated, and what do you do as a
result of VMT analyses?

Mr. Milam: One of my favorite questions. Let's start with trying to measure
VMT today, the observed condition, what's on the ground. We have a
                                                                       Page 10 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
