                          TRANSCRIPT
Avenue is really a lost opportunity. It certainly could have been imposed. I
don't recall the full discussion. I certainly recall that there were Council
sentiments of interest in having expanded circulation.

Council Member Kniss: I recall the (inaudible). I don't know what happened
to it.

Mayor Burt: There are separate issues between a roadway and pedestrian
access. I think the pedestrian circulation is important. The notion that folks
from the interior of this development should have to go out Amherst to
California Avenue to Hanover to Page Mill Road to get to the 100 yards that
otherwise would be directly to Page Mill is not progressive design. The same
thing really goes on accessing Hanover. To get from the interior of this to
Hanover shouldn't be a circuitous loop. That's the very sort of planning that
we thought we had gotten away with when we stopped building subdivisions
where kids had to go a half mile to get to a park that 200 yards away. I see
Jean McCown wants to speak to this. I'll allow it.

Jean McCown, Stanford University: Actually I don't need to speak to that. I
wanted to go back to Mr. Wolbach's Motion with respect to the pressurization
system. We just wanted to clarify which homes that applies to. Is it the
ones that are within the 50 feet locations of the TCE presence? There's 68
single-family homes on the site, many of which are not anywhere near this
location. I just would like to get some clarification to the scope of that.

Mayor Burt: I'll allow that.

Ms. McCown: I know it's already been voted on, but it would be helpful to
clarify that.

Mayor Burt: We'll get that clarification. While you're there, let me ask you.
What's Stanford's rationale for not supporting pedestrian access except
through California Avenue on this?

Ms. McCown: What I recall from the discussion back at the time the map
was approved, it was not focused on pedestrian access. It was focused on
vehicular access through an adjoining parcel that would exit out onto Page
Mill Road. That's what I remember. Now, we're all kind of doing this from
memory tonight. It was not about pedestrian access; it was about having a
vehicular access route through an unrelated parcel. I think it was 1450 Page
Mill in fact, out to Page Mill Road. That was the big discussion point at the
time.

Mayor Burt: What's Stanford's position on having good pedestrian access?

                                                                        Page 68 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
