                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Yes.

Mayor Burt: We could charge more on those permits to pay for this system.
That would be one way. We don't have hourly parking on the streets. Have
we done any estimate on revenue on the prime streets?

Ms. Sullivan: Not yet. That's going to be coming as part of this new study.

Mr. Keene: That Parking Management Study.

Mayor Burt: I did this on the back of a napkin a year ago. If we look at the
prime spots on University, and then you look in the perpendicular streets
going out to Hamilton and Lytton, for instance, you can know how many on-
street spots there are in what we might call the real prime area, where
people would say, "If I could just park there any time, I'd pay a buck an
hour." That doesn't mean we have that decision. It just means that we real
easily—we don't have to go out to nine months to a consultant to get that
kind of framing. We may still want the consultant to really flesh this out, but
we can do a certain amount of framing of this really readily. Like I say, that
doesn't mean that that's the decision we'll make. We'll go, "Wait a minute."
Is this $1/2 million a year that we might get in revenue above expenses for
that? I don't know. It could help us say we have several options. We want
to go with the one that's going to free up the most parking spaces. Let's be
clear on that. We haven't yet picked which option, but we know we have
several good ones.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, that goes back to my opening comments when I said
this really is a preview of our thinking on the timing and that these are
exactly—it's good to get some of the Council's thinking right now. I mean,
over the next month or two, we'll be able to structure the analysis more
fully.

Mayor Burt:       As I said, the third one is—as we're looking at this
infrastructure, do we want to consider any of the infrastructure dollars to
spend $2 million to save $9 million from whatever parking garage we were
considering building? Any of those look like they're viable funds. The last
one is if we should go forward with a local transportation tax, would this
potentially be something that could be funded out of that? That's four
alternatives. All of them look like they would more than pay for the best of
these. On that note, I would say that based on the different utilization
between Alternative 1 and the primary, I guess I'll call it, if it's the difference
between nearly 100 percent and somewhere between 90 and 95 percent, it
looks like that's a good investment. Finally, on the color. I've always been
fond of Palo Alto's green, but you want people to distinguish the parking
signs from all the other green we have in our signs. Now, we do have—
                                                                            Page 68 of 78
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 4/11/16
