                          TRANSCRIPT
in February, which involved engaging community members to discuss the
characteristics of the neighborhood that they felt should be included and
accommodated in the Guidelines. In March and April we developed an
administrative draft, which was reviewed by City Staff and the City Staff
advisory panel. Based on comments that we've received from City Staff, we
revised the draft into a public review draft, which was released in May. We
had another community meeting that month, at which time we tried to test
out the content of the Guidelines and its organization with residents. Page
and Turnbull has participated in two HRB meetings and made presentations,
including our most recent meeting on July 28th, which was a
recommendation hearing.         That brings us to tonight for City Council
approval. Many of you, I'm sure, know Professorville quite well. It is among
the earliest residential neighborhoods in Palo Alto. True to its name, it was
home to many of the early Stanford University faculty members. As this
photograph pretty well illustrates, it's a place in Palo Alto that still conveys
the sense of history of early Palo Alto. Apart from the fact that this street is
not paved and there are trees in the middle of it, this view on Cowper is
actually quite similar to what exists today.             The characteristics of
Professorville are conveyed through its really diverse architectural styles.
Some of the most interesting ones involve shingle-style homes that are clad
in brown shingle siding. For many people, that's the characteristic home of
Professorville, but there's actually quite a bit more from the early decades of
the 20th century up until about the 1930s, which was the end of the first
development wave of the neighborhood. These involve additional revival
styles of various scales. Professorville has continued to change. After the
1930s, there has been infill construction introducing new types of
construction techniques, materials, architectural styles which include
Midcentury Modern as well as more recent styles. In our conversations with
community members, we've also become aware that the landscape of the
neighborhood is extremely important. We also considered the ways that the
landscape—the historic landscape patterns are still evident in the
neighborhood. These types of elements include the openness of many of the
front yards, which typically include edge features like fences or hedges.
Other elements include large, mature coastal oak, live oak and redwood
trees that date to the neighborhood's early years. At this point, I'm going to
go fairly quickly through the actual contents or the various chapters of the
Guidelines that include the real meat of the document. I also on these slides
have included in orange text the Secretary of the Interior Standards from
which the Guidelines refer. As Mr. Weintraub mentioned, the Guidelines are
really based in this set of nationwide preservation guidance from the
National Park Service. It's really useful and critical for us as preservationists
to understand the Standards, but it's only a list of ten items. The Guidelines
for Professorville are meant to interpret those Standards for the particular
cases of Professorville and a residential streetscape.            Chapter 3 is
                                                                         Page 57 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
