                         TRANSCRIPT
those back out to the community. We were in the process of doing that
when we met with you in January through the community prioritization
challenge, to make sure we had gotten the right areas to focus on and to
understand whether certain areas people wanted to see more or less
attention on. We used all of that information to really help shape the
framework of the Plan, the principles, the goals and so on.

Kristen O’Kane, Community Services Department Assistant Director: Good
evening. Kristen O'Kane, Community Services. I'm going to talk about
Phase 2 which, as Rob said, is where we are right now. We're at the end of
Phase 2. In Phase 2, we took what we learned through the community
engagement process and the data analysis process and, working closely with
the Parks and Rec Commission, we developed the goals, policies and
programs that are included in Chapter 4. To develop those goals, which
guide the overall direction of the Master Plan, we refined the areas of focus
and reflected back on these eight principles, which were developed early on
in the process. The principles are really the vision for the overall system.
Together the areas of focus and the principles helped define what our goals
would be. We have six goals overall included in the Master Plan. The first
goal focuses on ensuring that facilities are accessible, inclusive and equally
distributed across the City. The second goal focuses on the existing system.
How can we enhance the existing system that we already have, that we
know is a great parks, recreation, open space and trails system in the City
and how can we enhance that? The third goal is related to health and
wellness. This is not just physical health but also mental and emotional
health. Focusing on health but also social connections and how can we
foster those social connections within our community. The fourth goal,
which we heard a lot about from the community, is focused on nature and
integrating nature and ecological principles throughout the City through our
facilities as well as our programming. The fifth goal is related to expanding
the system. When we talk about expanding the system, one thing that we
are trying to address is how can we do that strategically by leveraging
partnerships and other ways to collaborate with others to expand the
system. An example would be the Stanford-Palo Alto soccer fields. That's a
great example of how we worked with Stanford to provide something for the
community. The last goal is really about how we're going to manage the
system. We're going to do that efficiently, effectively and sustainably. This
goal also recognizes the importance of measuring what we're doing. How do
we know when we succeed? How do we report back to the Commission and
Council on what we've accomplished through the Master Plan? The structure
of the Master Plan, this chapter in particular, mirrors the Comprehensive
Plan (Comp Plan). There's goals, policies and programs. There were several
policies that we really needed some assistance from the Parks and Rec
Commission with. We really went down into the details with the Parks and
                                                                         Page 3 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
