                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: It's very likely that we have been or will be
discussing with a number of property owners about various ways we can
work together to make more bike and pedestrian pathways available
throughout the City. I'll just ask the Vice Mayor who proposed it. The bike
connectivity you're trying to create here would connect what street to what
street ultimately? Maybe that would be something we could add to provide
some clarification that might be more useful. Like the goal is to connect—is
it to connect Page Mill to Cal. Ave. by bike?

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's sort of undetermined, but Hanover to Cal. Ave.

Council Member Wolbach: Hanover to Cal. Ave.?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Hanover to El Camino.

Council Member Wolbach: Hanover to El Camino. The other question—
correct me if I'm wrong—would be if there are any additional opportunities
for connecting Page Mill to Cal. Ave. along the north edge of the property.
I'll leave that for others to consider. I'll let others speak to that. Regarding
the project, I think everybody knows my bias is towards housing. As Council
Member Schmid pointed out, our jobs/housing imbalance is quite terrible in
the region and in Palo Alto. Our population growth is expected to be pretty
significant over the next few years. This location isn't quite next to our
Caltrain station at Cal. Ave. The Research Park hasn't traditionally been
focused on housing as a primary thing. There has been some housing out in
the Research Park. I'm not going to say we need to send this back and have
it come back with housing. I will use this as an opportunity to jump on my
soapbox and say I look forward to this City and Stanford working together to
explore potential opportunities for more housing in the long term on the
Research Park in a way that would be beneficial for both the City and
Stanford and the lessees of Research Park. I'll just put that out there for
everybody to mull over and consider how we can have that conversation in a
robust way moving forward. A few things stood out about this project that
are worth commending, even though it isn't the type of project that I prefer.
As was mentioned before, it's LEED Platinum; it doesn't use gas; it's not
asking for variances; it follows the Code. There have been a number of
meetings with the community. The TDM plan—I haven't had a chance to
really look at it. The fact that they're volunteering to do substantial TDM is
big. They're working with Stanford, working with the tenant. This is what
we've been trying to push as a Council for the last couple of years. I think
this sets a very good precedent and a very good example. Frankly, we
should reward good behavior. When developers in town do sustainable
projects, work closely with the community, and volunteer to do TDM, I think
that should be acknowledged, and we should reward that, even if it's just

                                                                          Page 80 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
