                           TRANSCRIPT
signage connecting Kingsley to the Bryant Street Bicycle Boulevard and any
signage at the grade separation to the rec trail and the overpass. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Our final speaker is Bruce. I'm sorry I can't make out the
spelling of the last name. Bruce? I'll never know. That concludes our public
comments. We are now at 9:15 P.M. I think we've had a good deal of
sounds like consensus. Let's see if we can perhaps move quickly to a
resolution. Council Member Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First I wanted to say I think Staff did a
great job on this. I think both plans actually give a lot of improvements to
bike riders. I think I would be happy if I was bicyclist with either of them. I
think that the protected two-way track works just fine. I don't see an issue
with that. If people want to use the other one, they can. This intersection,
though, and this roadway is probably the thing I hear most about in the
community. I'd say for at least the last five years people have been asking
me, "When are we going to fix Embarcadero?" What they're really talking
about is the traffic delays and the mess of the traffic and the way it comes
out of Trader Joe's and the way signaling has been a problem. I've got to
say four seconds is a lot. That's basically that limit of where we start talking
about a level of service improvement, and we make people under an EIR go
fix it, if I recall from our last discussion. I think this is a question of balance.
I think Option 2 provides that balance. A number of speakers said that
Option 1 provides improvements for motorists, for bicycles and for
pedestrians. It actually doesn't. Option 2 provides it for everybody and
balances out competing interests in a way that everyone gets an
improvement. Whereas, Option 1 really just does it for bicycles. With that
said, I will move that we adopt Option 2.

Council Member DuBois: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to identify Alternative 2 as the preferred alternative for the preparation of an
environmental analysis and plans, specifications and estimates for
construction for Embarcadero Road between El Camino Real and Emerson
Street roadway improvements.

Mayor Burt: That is Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council
Member DuBois. Do you want to speak further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do. We talk a lot about listening to the community.
What I hear from the community is that they are really unhappy with this
stretch of road, and they want improvements, and they want traffic
improvements. I think Option 2 takes care of the bicycle issues and does a
good job with it. I think the protected two-way bicycle track makes it easy
                                                                            Page 82 of 120
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 9/19/16
