                         TRANSCRIPT

property negotiators, Item Number 2.      We have no reportable action on
either item.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Next item is—we have no Agenda Changes, Additions or
Deletions to my knowledge.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We'll be going forward with City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. It's
a wrap on the Super Bowl, and certainly we were spared any real negative
impacts from the Super Bowl here in Palo Alto. I did want to thank all of our
folks who worked yesterday at the Emergency Operations Center which was
up and running at City Hall and who spent the last few weeks preparing for
Super Bowl Sunday. Our Office of Emergency Services, Public Safety
personnel and communications Staff from departments across the City did a
great job in coordinating with regional agencies and providing necessary
support to ensure that Super Bowl 50 was a success. Most of the media
reports we saw indicated that public transit really wasn't an issue, and there
did not seem to be any really difficult, significant traffic impacts on the
freeways in town. Again, I want to thank Ken Dueker and the Chief and all
of our folks who worked hard to prepare for the event. From our Library
Department, beginning Wednesday, February 17th, a new integrated library
service platform will provide web-based catalog access to library collections,
both physical and digital. The same platform will also offer web-based
catalog access for customers to manage their library accounts. Due to the
necessity of migrating to the new platform, starting at 6:00 p.m. on Sunday,
February 14th, which shouldn't be an imposition—everybody should be with
their sweethearts that evening anyway—all online service catalog features
will become unavailable. In addition, because of the platform's final switch
over and necessary time for Staff training, all five Palo Alto City library
branches will be closed on Tuesday, February 16th, following the Monday,
February 15th, Presidents' Day holiday closure. We will be closed Monday,
February 15th, and Tuesday, February 16th, all five libraries. Regular hours
will resume on Wednesday, February 17th. LinkPlus service will resume at
the Rinconada Library beginning February 25th. The Planning Staff will be
hosting a community workshop to advance the Professorville Historic Design
Guidelines project on Tuesday, February 23rd. That'll be at 6:30 p.m. at the
Palo Alto Art Center. The purpose of the project is to develop and adopt
                                                                         Page 6 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
