                          TRANSCRIPT
reinventing the wheel. I think we're really just kind of making our parks
that much more user-friendly and family-friendly.          To Council Member
Schmid's point of there aren't enough kids in the parks, the clear solution is
putting up a Pokémon Go stop at a playground, and they'll flood there.
Sorry to steal your joke, Council Member DuBois. I think this is great.
There will be difficult decisions as we kind of narrow it down to exactly which
park to put them in and then where in the park to put them. People have
been clamoring for dog parks in Palo Alto for a long time. I know we have a
lot of dog owners that'll come out in support as soon as we find a suitable
site. We have to make sure that we do it delicately, but let's do it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I actually had a couple of questions. The
first thing I wanted to say is I think you guys did a really good job of
generally having the policies at the right level. This is going to be a long-
term document and programs. We may get to all of them or not. We may
add new ones. I thought that was good. We might have a program in here
for Pokémon Go stops, but 10 years from now we might decide we don't
want to do it, but we still want to keep the Master Plan. I thought that was
good. I'm assuming that to the extent you want feedback from us, it's more
centric to the policies rather than going through individual programs. Is that
an accurate statement?

Mr. de Geus: Yeah, that's correct, Council Member.

Council Member Filseth: I had two questions actually. One was I was a little
confused about the schedule. When do you anticipate the public feedback
period to be for the draft Master Plan?

Mr. de Geus: The public feedback never ends. As soon as we began, we
started with the public, and we've kept them informed all the way through.
It's been great. It's taken some time because of that. At the same time as
the Parks and Recreation Commission is reviewing in the fall, we'll also have
some community meetings to allow the stakeholder group and the
community generally to come forward and have a look at the draft before we
get to Council for a request to approve.

Council Member Filseth: That's like October?

Mr. de Geus: October, November, right.

Council Member Filseth: A second one is I saw a reference on the 10 1/2
acres out by the golf course that given X many feet of sea level rise, then it
might be under water at high tide. You guys have thought about this. How
                                                                       Page 15 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
