                         TRANSCRIPT
hope you guys take required action as soon as possible. In the past
summer, the City of Palo Alto did action at University Terrace. They
relocated 29 families and also approved several preventative vapor
mitigation measures in University Terrace. However, we believe that that's
not enough. There are still many groundwater plumes that exist in Palo
Alto, including the HP and Varian Superfund site that has caused TCE to
accumulate in College Terrace homes. Another big plume is the COE plume,
and that is bordered by California Avenue, Olive Avenue and also Emerson
Street. Every single one of these properties built upon these plumes is at
risk of vapor intrusion. Many existing homes such as those at College
Terrace are in need of vapor mitigation, renovations and indoor air sampling.
There's also many properties such as Birch Plaza that are constructed above
groundwater plumes. The homeowners on these plumes are not aware of
this. Having said that, we therefore request several demands. First, the
City of Palo Alto must adopt a Citywide VOC Ordinance. VOC stands for
Volatile Organic Compounds such as TCE. This will require vapor mitigation
systems in all construction over contaminated areas as well notify residents
in existing properties of the presence of these VOCs. Doing so will prevent
future VOC exposure from occurring and also encourage the current at-risk
residents to install vapor mitigation measures. The City of Mountain View
already has such a policy in place, and it protects the homeowners' interest
and safety. Lastly, the City Staff must also include TCE in the City's annual
water report for consistent screening and public accessibility. Groundwater
contamination and vapor intrusion should be an ongoing topic during these
meets, as it was for University Terrace. For the protection of Palo Alto, the
City Council must enforce the above measures without delay. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Our next speaker is Neilson Buchanan, to be
followed by Jeff Levinsky.

Neilson Buchanan: I'm back again to talk about Palo Alto Council's favorite
orphan, and that's the TMA. I was dismayed to see the TMA relegated to the
very bottom of the agenda for another information item.            I've been
attending as many of the TMA Board meetings as possible. It would be fair
to say that the last TMA Board meeting was struggling with its financial
future. Some sort of decision does need to be made by the Council in the
relatively near future to keep that baby alive.       If I had to use my
professional experience, I would say the TMA is in the premature nursery
intensive care unit. It's struggling for life. What's worse, it's an orphan.
Nobody seems to want it. The business community, you would think, would
be here talking about the value of having a TMA. You would think that the
TMA Board would be here, and they're not. Only I seem to be the one to be
repeatedly asking the Council to give it seed funding and have enough
funding over three years, so it can maintain a really, nice, slow, steady
                                                                      Page 50 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
