                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded Council Member
Kniss to add to the Motion after Part E, “evaluate lower General Office and
R/D development than Scenario 2” (New Part F) and remove from the Motion
Part E, “below Scenario 2 including.”

Council Member Holman: That means that it would come out of—that
means that "Five" would go back to what it was before. Just briefly and
quickly. It's not to try to be too prescriptive. Not really trying to be too
prescriptive, just trying to give policy direction to Staff that our inclination is
that we want to lower general office development in favor of housing. We
don't even have to put in "in favor of housing," because we're reducing office
development. Obviously we're in favor of housing too, I would think.
Council Member Kniss?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss, did you want to speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, thank you. The reason I seconded this is that I
think most of this is pretty general. I think probably that is exactly what we
ought to look at. I think it is prescriptive, but I think it also gets very
definitive, which we've been talking about kind of going all around the barn
on this. That's really what we're talking about. Are we going to evaluate a
general office and R&D development that is lower.

Mayor Burt: There are two of us who haven't spoken in general terms at all
on the subject. Council Member Filseth and myself, I think are the only two.

Council Member Kniss: I don't (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: And actually Council Member Kniss. If we go into a protracted
debate on just this one amendment to the Motion, we're not going to get to
complete our discussion tonight. What I want to encourage people is I'm not
sure that we need to debate this to be able to vote on it. You have a right to
do so, but I'd rather not clear the board. I think I better. This is just
getting too confusing. What I'd like to do is encourage folks to not speak to
this Motion unless they really feel a burning necessity to do so. I think it's
pretty clear to everybody what this means and what the alternative means.
We don't have to hear from nine of us to understand that. I'd encourage
people to move forward. We'll vote on it, and then move on to the main
Motion. If anybody feels the necessity to speak to it, hit your lights. We will
just vote on the amendment which is basically a new "five." Is that what it
is? Is that correct?


                                                                            Page 65 of 88
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/22/16
