                         TRANSCRIPT
shelter medicine and spay and neuter experience. Pets in Need's vet only
has five years experience. Our spay and neuter is not limited to dogs and
cats. We offer spay and neuter for rabbits, rats, mice, guinea pigs, senior
animals, feral cats, kittens and puppies as young as two months old. We
spay—I'm almost finished. We spay many female large-breed dogs such as
Rottweilers and Great Danes, weighing up to 100 pounds and males up to
150 pounds. We work with many rescue groups doing German Shepherds
as old as 13 years old.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Dixon: I just have an endnote. Can I just please?

Mayor Burt: Very quickly.

Ms. Dixon:    We have done pyometra surgeries, leg amputations, eye
enucleations, dew claw removals and dentals for rescue groups as well. I
just want to reiterate that if you're partnering with someone, you need to
make sure you have the experience.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jennie Jump, to be followed by
Jeanette Washington.

Jennie Jump: Hello. Mayor and Council Members and the people from Palo
Alto, I just wanted to let you know my name is Jennie Jump. Our business
has been active in Palo Alto for over 60 years. My father purchased an
existing business in 1965. My partner and I took it over in 1992, and we've
been active since then. Because we've been in business this long, we care
about what happens here. We've actually even done business for some of
the people on the Council. The situation with the Palo Alto Animal Services,
which is also called PAAS, has been one that the City has been dealing with
for a very, very long time. It is no secret that it is old and needs to be
renovated. The City's latest idea for solving the problem, however, is to
outsource it to Pets in Need, which is a great organization for what it does.
In my opinion, however, the difficulty with this as a solution is it doesn't
solve the problem. Pets in Need requires a financial commitment from the
City before they will even start fundraising efforts. There is no guarantee
what the results of those efforts will be, and there is no way that they can
guarantee a timeframe. There's also no resolution as to how they're going
to house animals and care for the animals in the interim, while there's a
renovation done. My understanding is that the current facility would remain
open exactly as it is now, if the present proposal is accepted.          The
volunteers and the operating—I'm going to stop and read. The experienced
personnel and the volunteers would most likely be replaced. According to
the director of Pets in Need, the operating expenses for the first year are
                                                                      Page 13 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
