                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Milam: You have to decide your methodology and you have to decide
your threshold, what level of VMT change from baseline or current conditions
would constitute an impact. A good example is to think about a Trader
Joe's. Let's say a Trader Joe's wanted to locate Downtown. If you looked at
a Trader Joe's and measured all the trips going to a Trader Joe's and the trip
lengths, it's going to generate new VMT. You can measure that. However, if
there was no grocery store like a Trader Joe's Downtown and people were
having to drive further away to the nearest grocery store, the VMT effect for
the neighborhood or for the Downtown community could actually be less,
especially if you measure on a VMT per capita basis. Those kinds of nuances
in your analysis methodology are going to make a difference. Those are
choices that cities and counties will need to make. Then, you'll have to
decide what amount of change constitutes a significant impact.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is each city going to get to decide what constitutes a
significant impact under CEQA if you don't want to check the box?

Mr. Milam: CEQA already allows lead agencies, cities and counties, to have
a lot of discretion in setting their thresholds as long as there's not a Federal
or State law that governs the environmental topic. We already have some
cities and counties that have adopted thresholds. Pasadena, San Francisco,
Yolo County, Sacramento County all have slightly different thresholds. San
Francisco basically accepted the OPR recommendations on their face. Other
places have done a little bit more analysis to figure out what's appropriate
for their community.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I understand at Trader Joe's. Let's take either an office
or condos Downtown or within a half mile of transit. If you build an office
building for instance, how would you analyze that? Who knows where the
employees are coming? Do you have models that say on average 40
percent, 50 percent is the mode share Downtown or, if it's rented to a tech
company, it's 70/30 in terms of the mode share? Do we use historical mode
shares? How do you say—you could say so many people are likely to live
close by and so it'll have less traffic impacts. I'm just trying to figure out
how you'd analyze that and how you'd analyze a residential project, which
you could argue has less traffic.

Mr. Milam: All of the above would basically apply. Just like they do today,
when you do a level of service calculation, especially if you're doing it for the
cumulative condition, 2040, your models have to take into account as many
of those variables as they can. Our models are simplifications of reality.
Oftentimes, a number of those variables are just frankly not included. The
same limitations that models have today they'll continue to have for VMT
purposes. Those are all legitimate questions you could ask. If you express

                                                                         Page 23 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
