                          TRANSCRIPT
guessing most of the public who is here isn't necessarily interested in having
to stay for that discussion about what we do subsequently. We would clear
the decks on this and then have that.

Mayor Burt: We could do that. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I agree. Let's take this issue out and maybe come back
to it. My concern is that every time we have a Council meeting—this is not
my highest priority, I've got to say. We have a ton of things on our
calendar. I don't want to make this the highest priority. I'm always
concerned that every time we talk about stuff, the easy thing to say is what
the Mayor just said, let's set this aside and come back. Then, we have all
these things that Staff can't get to. I'm happy to have this come back, but I
don't think it's the highest priority. I want to make sure we ….

Mayor Burt: I don't think anybody said it was.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I know.     The problem is we just add one more thing
that then becomes an issue.

Mayor Burt: Having it come back is different from characterizing it as the
highest priority. I want to be clear that no one had said it would be coming
back as the highest priority, which was what you were concerned with.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think my concern is that it doesn't bump anything. I
think I'll just clarify. I don't want it to bump anything that's already in the
queue.

Council Member Kniss: Could I say something as the maker of the Motion?

Mayor Burt: Okay.

Council Member Kniss: I think we have dealt with probably what was the
measure of most concern to the public tonight. As you have just said, we're
now getting into areas where they may need attention, but they probably
don't need attention tonight. I think we should move on.

Mayor Burt: I'm good with that. When we're looking at urgency—I don’t
want to characterize this as highest priority. It's not a high priority until
after something goes wrong. Then, suddenly it was "why didn't we fix it
beforehand?" I just want to make sure that we're not assuming that
because we haven't had an important historic structure pulled down recently
or imminently, it won't be a big deal if it happens. Let's go ahead and
proceed as we were discussing where we will take on the items that we're


                                                                         Page 41 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
