                         TRANSCRIPT
Transportation Commission. Thank you all so much for your attendance and
your service. We do have a member of the Historic Resources Board here
too. Thank you very much, Marty. We do have one member of the public
who would care to speak to the nomination of the Mayor. That is Sea
Reddy. You will have three minutes.

Sea Reddy: Thank you, citizens of Palo Alto and the Mayor. If we had a
way, I think we would have Karen for Mayor for ten years. I think she's
outstanding. Considering the things we needed to change, the tone, the
direction, the leadership, the calmness, the integrity, altogether Karen did a
great job for the 11 1/2, 12 months that she's been on the job. Outstanding
work, thank you. I think Palo Alto is lucky to have someone like her. I think
with her is Greg Schmid. I don't know if you recall two years ago, a year
ago when we did this. I came here and also recommended Greg Schmid to
be the Vice Mayor. I think that he's done an outstanding job. He's an
outstanding individual. He thinks through a lot. Palo Alto, we go through a
lot of engineering in everything we do. I think he's the perfect candidate for
the economy we have. I think we are privileged to have him serve us. I like
his gray hair like mine. I think that's another one good reason. I would also
recommend—I'm taking a step ahead—that Pat Burt is an outstanding
thought processor and has a very good understanding of what City issues
are, very detailed. I would recommend him to be the Vice Mayor. I'm sure
that comes up the next time. With that team, I think we'll be ready for 2020
and beyond. The elections are coming, so we know it's going to be a busy
year. Thank you. Thanks for the time you've given me.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Sea. I see Council Member DuBois, you've
turned your light on. Is that correct? Liz, did you turn his light on?

Council Member Kniss: Would you like me to speak for you, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: With that, Council Members you'll see in front of you, you
have a paper ballot. At this time, if you would fill out those paper ballots.
David will come along and collect them. Sorry we don't have any theme
music to fill the time. You can make up in your own minds what that theme
music should be.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Mayor Holman, I have the tally. We have Council
Member Berman voting for Council Member Burt. We'll get this right by the
end. Council Member Burt voting for Council Member Burt. Council Member
DuBois voting for Vice Mayor Schmid. Council Member Filseth voting for Vice
Mayor Schmid. Mayor Holman voting for Vice Mayor Schmid. Council
Member Kniss voting for Council Member Burt. Council Member Scharff
                                                                         Page 5 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/4/16
