                         TRANSCRIPT
person who's dealt in grocery stores, who wouldn't love the opportunity to
run their own grocery store, come in and Sand Hill build it up and figure out
how to do it beyond that. Thank you. I think they're just not nearly as
creative as they could be. If I could just take one second. If they could tell
us they're not in the grocery store business, there's a huge project they're
working on in Cupertino, which is putting in the nursery and the tree
business by wanting to do a living roof, which is the same kind of thing as
running a grocery store. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt:    Our next speaker is Bob Smith, to be followed by Steve
Eittreim.

Bob Smith: Hi. Good evening, Mayor and Council. My name is Bob Smith.
I live in Greer Road in Palo Alto. I'm going to try to take my time and rebut
some of the things I've heard tonight rather than saying what I had
prepared. Several of the speakers, pro-development people I think, asked
for patience. That's always a virtue and a good thing. A year ago I was
here. If you look back at the tape, which may or may not exist, I was very
reasonable and patient and tried to be understanding, but frankly I don't
know what's going on. I'm not seeing any activity. We always hear stories
and there are blogs, and they're inconsistent about what's happening. We
haven't really seen the kind of action. The first six months between March
and October of 2015, there was no penalty at all. We came in here; you
went to the $500 penalty. Thank you very much. Then, the $1,000 a day
penalty, but nothing has happened since. A couple of blips that maybe
Andronico's or maybe Lucky's were coming in. My daughter, who just
moved into the neighborhood, was very hopeful. She'd moved there with
that in mind actually. We're not seeing the kind of action here. I'm very
pleased that Mr. Tze, who I by the way, like as a developer—I've always
thought he was a nice guy—is here tonight. I feel sorry for him. There's a
very different story he tells us now. I want to say that, from what we had a
few years ago when we had the hearings for the PC, he was all confidence at
that time that he could find grocery stores and fill them and this was not a
problem. He was as confident then as he is more careful now. One gets the
feeling that the developer comes in and promises anything to get the PC, the
zoning override, the ten houses, and then it's hard. We shouldn't increase
the rates, and we shouldn't maybe even have any rates at all in the fines,
one speaker said. I disagree. There's got to be a price point at which
somebody is willing to come in. The only way I can see—somebody said you
have other things in your quiver, other arrows in your quiver, that you can
use of the developer. Let's get them out and use them. I don't know where
the price is. $2,000 strikes me as too little. $1,000 hasn't made any
difference. Of course, we don't know all the economics. We don't know
what these offers. We hear things; we don't know what's true. It would be
                                                                        Page 22 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
