                         TRANSCRIPT
either. I think this needs to change. I don't have any problem with us
supporting those programs. I just wanted to bring that out and make sure
everybody understands that. We have scholarship programs, but there are
students whose families may not qualify for scholarships but who are not
going to send their kids because they're making financial choices. These are
school programs that they're supposed to be all entitled to participate in.
Our voluntary transfer program kids, are all of them participating? I think
we've really got a social responsibility on this and a legal one. I think we
need to bring this up and not feel intimidated by the School District pushing
back. It's the right thing to do and the proper legal thing to do. Those were
all my comments. I also want to thank everybody involved in this. It seems
like it's a really healthy, comprehensive and open process. I look forward to
all the outcomes. I'm sorry, one other thing. I didn't see anything in the
discussion about—we used to have, for instance, the snack shack at
Rinconada. I didn't see what had happened there. I just want to cite that
when we as a neighborhood worked to create Heritage Park, we had a
survey. Typical Palo Alto, we had people who were experts in conducting
these kinds of meaningful surveys. It was done in a sophisticated way. One
of the things was what would you want in a snack shack today. At that
time, it was a 1990s definition of a snack shack. I want to be able to get fax
paper there too and a New York Times or whatever. That would be different
now. If you ask people, "Do you want greasy hamburgers," you may not get
as much support as if you ask would you like to get an espresso there or
whatever. I'm not sure if we're asking the right questions. It also goes into
trip reduction, because you have all the people in that neighborhood who will
walk to that instead of driving places.        I want to make sure those
considerations are part of it too. Council Member Berman. I'm sorry, did I
miss you?

Council Member Berman: No, you didn't. I didn't think. Sorry for missing
the first round. Two additions to what Mayor Burt was talking about. We've
had some acquisition of parks, but just repurposing and reutilizing. Scott
Park next to Heritage Park and El Camino Park are two other areas where,
as we've made improvements, I think we're also utilizing much more
acreage in those parks. Another issue kind of combining what we were
talking about earlier tonight. I didn't notice anything—maybe it's because
this isn't the appropriate place for it—about water usage in our parks and
how we can decrease the amount of water we use while still maintaining the
level of usability that we want. I don't know if that's something that—maybe
the answer is this isn't the right place for it. I figured I'd ask.

Mayor Burt:      There's actually a segment on increased native plant
landscaping in the parks. I want to commend that. That ties in with what
you're talking about.
                                                                      Page 111 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
