                          TRANSCRIPT
number was a tough number to come up with. Based on the successful SOV
rate in the Downtown, we felt that getting that number of change or that
much behavior change would have an impact that we would feel. The first
one of the pilots that we're talking about is commuter transit subsidies. The
second one is Scoop carpooling sponsorship. We met with them last
summer. We were pleased to find out that Stanford Research Park was also
having conversations with them. We think this is definitely a program that
will create some excitement Downtown. The last would be a partnership
with Palo Alto free shuttle and some marketing ideas we have around that.
This bottom information is just really to give you guys an idea of what a 30
percent SOV reduction looks like. I think back before we were formed and
before the steering committee even was started, that was the mandate from
the Council, that we work toward this number. Our goal is to reduce. I
don't know what the ultimate number will be, but you can see we've tried to
put some real numbers to that for you this evening. This first slide is about
Pilot 1. I think that this—I'll go over the bullets and then add a little
commentary after. This is commuter transit subsidies. The first comment
up there is free transit passes for up to 6 months for 150-200 workers. This
is tied directly to the RPP. I'll give you a few more details at the end of
these bullets. The second is reaching out to Caltrain, VTA and SamTrans
through Clipper to create sort of a one-use tool for folks in Palo Alto to use.
Prioritize to existing low-income RPP to incentivize folks from getting out of
their cars and into public transit. I think that's our number one toughest
group to move out of their cars based on the fact that so many of them are
driving to multiple communities throughout their day. They may work in
Palo Alto; they may go to school in Cupertino; and they may live in San
Jose. Our idea of dynamic implementation based on demand. The idea of
us having a budget number for the first month of the subsidy and based on
the adoption of that budget, we'll be able to flex the future month's budget
to accommodate that. Below is just some information about the cost of
monthly passes relative to the public transit modes. The second is tied to
the Scoop carpooling sponsorship. Like I've mentioned, we're going to be
launching at the same time as Stanford Research Park, and we're excited to
have that happening. Basically Scoop has come up with information that
leads us to believe that we can move 50 Downtown commuters to this
service who can't find any viable use of transit. If I could refer back to that
22 percent of folks that live in Palo Alto that work in Palo Alto, that would be
a great target audience for this promotion moving forward. Of course, the
same $1 per ride with the subsidy; the regular price is $5. We would
subsidize $4 of that ride. This is really based on information that Scoop
provided us through that meeting last summer; the goal of having 300-plus
downloads and 1,200 vehicle trips is reasonable for a City of our size with
information that we had gathered from the Mode Split Survey. The last is
shuttle marketing. I think that Palo Alto has the privilege of having a free
                                                                          Page 37 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
