                         TRANSCRIPT
be another seven months until they could reapply. The Staff Report is
wrong. It adds an extra year to it. Some of my colleagues didn't seem to
agree with me at first. I also have a problem—if we just remove Ross Road,
I think there needs to be some additional outreach to the homes adjacent to
that, because that changes their calculus, that changes the decision they
made in the first place. If I were to say yes to an SSO, thinking that all the
homes around me it would apply to them also, and then all of a sudden the
houses in my backyard it wouldn't apply to, I might think about this
differently. I think those parcels of land should have an opportunity to—
really all parcels, I think, in the boundary should have an opportunity to
essentially revote on what is a totally different SSO boundary. Those are
just a couple of my thoughts. I'm fine with extending this or deferring it,
continuing it. I really think that I don't feel comfortable at this stage
supporting any SSO that comes to us until we change the process and have
a community discussion about what a better process would be.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Scharff, go ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: A couple of things. On this deferring versus rejecting
concept, what I heard you say was that if we defer it, it then comes back at
some point. Whereas, if we reject it, they can after May—seven months
from now go and get a new petition, go talk to the neighbors and do that.
Whereas, if we defer it, doesn't it come back with the current petition? I'm
trying to figure out, if it's only seven months, what is the advantage of
deferring versus rejecting. I'm confused on that. Why would we defer if it's
only seven months?

Ms. French: Can I go back? There was an earlier statement about May, and
I'm not sure that I saw the source for that statement. It's possible that was
about Royal Manor. Is that right?

Council Member Berman: It's Packet Page 472 (inaudible).

Ms. French: I just wanted to make sure that I was on the same page
literally. The question is deferral versus rejection.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Versus rejection given that seven months from now,
they could go back, submit a new petition, go to all their neighbors.
Whereas, the only purpose I understood from deferring it was that we would
look at the Eichler guidelines. That process takes at least a year. At that
point, it would come back after that. At that point, everything seems to be
out of date. It's been a year; there could be people moved and stuff. I see
absolutely no reason why deferral would be a smart thing to do. I'm trying
to understand why. It's only seven months.

                                                                       Page 61 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
