                          TRANSCRIPT
in the middle of the freeway, which will help us with regards to construction
impacts to the freeway. The other is it allows us some flexibility with
regards to enhancing, and it allows us to enhance the portion of the
structure that probably has the most impact visually to the surrounding
area. The baseline is basically a prefabricated bowstring truss, similar to
that picture on the left. It is straddled by two pony or H trusses. Basically
this is a common prefabricated steel form, so it's very cost effective. With
that, we'll show the video. [Video shown] Hopefully that gave you a better
overview than my rambling.              We also reviewed several optional
enhancements, and those optional enhancements included an enhanced
eastern approach ramp plaza, some enhanced railings and fencing,
enhanced amenities. We also looked at some alternative principal span
structures, some different looks that we could use to upgrade the structure
to give it a little bit more of a unique flavor. We are currently contracted for
the baseline alternative. If you select one of these alternatives, that would
have to be included in the additional cost. We also looked at increasing the
width, currently at 12 feet, to 16 feet to give two bicycle lanes and an
independent pedestrian walkway. These are the alternative enhancements.
The baseline is at the top. Basically it's a limited amount of landscaping,
some very basic hardscaping with some basic amenities. The enhanced
version would increase that area, utilize more decorative paving, and
improve the amenities to include such things as bicycle racks and seat walls
within that enhancement. The enhanced railings, the baseline is in the
center. It's basically a galvanized, modified chain link railing. It's not your
basic chain link railing, but it's fairly cost effective. The enhancements
would probably be dependent on whatever the principal structure would look
like. That would be the design narrative that we would take all our design
cues from. Here are some alternatives that we developed as potential
enhancements. Basically they include a cable railing, welded wire mesh.
They include upgrades into stainless steel, which could be quite costly. One
of the things that we also did was move all of those railings to be supported
on the outside of the bridge instead of on the curve, which allows an even
more open feel to the bridge by adding some width internally. The reviews
with the enhanced amenities include upgraded drinking fountains, which
could have potentially pet drinking stations and water bottle stations, bicycle
racks and then more upgraded feel for the standard amenities including
trash receptacles, interpretive signage. Not included here, but the benches
as well. We reviewed a number of alternatives that we delivered to Staff.
We've whittled it down to looking at five and advancing five through this 15
percent. Here are some of those alternatives. I'll go through them fairly
quickly. The first is a prefabricated bowstring truss. Instead of the three
span alternative which is in the baseline, this would be a single span
structure, a very, very long structure, 240 feet long, basically eliminating
any columns within any of the roadways. They would be in the landscaped
                                                                          Page 51 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
