                          TRANSCRIPT
story house. One story, you can avoid all regulations for historic review.
That was a Category 3 house that was demolished, because there's no
prohibition on demolition in that District for a house like that. Therefore, the
Committee's recommendations that one of the other Board Members
mentioned—the Professorville Design Guide Committee, I was Chair of that
Board also. We did that about three or four years ago. We encourage that
as a next step to include single-family homes as Individual Review process.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Scott Lane.

Scott Lane: I'll try to use less time, since they've said many things I was
going to. First off, thank you for doing this. This is definitely a first step, I
think, over the next two years. The sweater analogy is perfect. For
example, in San Jose there are certain—one individual is remodeling as a
business home after home after home. That's the oldest historic district in
San Jose. That is at some point going to reach a tipping point. The historic
status is going to almost be moot at some point. The Planning Director is
absolutely right.       These are just guidelines; they have zero teeth
whatsoever.      Once again, I'm speaking for me.         I'm actually on the
Preservation Action Council Board. We've seen time and time again, if you
ever want to lose your hair, the best way to do it is try to become a
preservationist. It's just very frustrating, especially when you have people
that come in, and they have enough money to tear down multiple homes,
and they do. Each neighborhood has its unique character. I realize it's each
person's right to do what they want with the home. Just like the home had
been there and everyone had been there before, it seems silly to me that
people can't realize that it's not just that home. As other speakers have
said, it's the holistic nature of each of these neighborhoods that makes it so
wonderful. It's just like when you get rid of giant redwoods. It's like you
could do it, but why? It has this cumulative effect. This is going to be a
multiyear effort. The County of Santa Clara has certain initiatives that, I
think, Palo Alto will obviously be working with as well. I think Palo Alto can
lead, I think, the County and other cities to do the right thing. I think that's
the role probably of Palo Alto, not just here but elsewhere in the county.
How do we act as leaders to preserve the community, realizing that we're
going to have once again a lot of pressures coming in. Like I said, we have
two million more people coming into the Bay Area between now and 2040.
These issues are going to get nothing but more and more stressful for
people that are in existing, wonderful communities. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:42 P.M.



                                                                         Page 58 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
