                          TRANSCRIPT
biggest company price. Honestly, that was the first time that I started to
get the contacts with the smaller employers, so that was very valuable.
Another way is when we're rolling out this website and the Scoop carpools
and all those, those are all things that they do not have the expertise or the
resources to do on their own. If I send them an email, now that I have their
contacts from this Eco Pass project, saying here's what's available, here's
what we're offering to your employees at no cost or effort on your own,
they're very willing to engage with us on that. I'm really optimistic about
reaching those employers.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Ms. Griego: Our marketing effort is really focused right now, especially in
April, on creating touch points with all of these individual employees and
basically filling our database with customers. I think that's where we can
start to promote things, provide incentives direct to the end user and maybe
start to move the needle by having an inroad with direct employees that we
have not had yet.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I won't repeat some of the questions
other Colleagues have asked. I concur with the questions that have been
asked already. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: First of all, I'd also like to thank you for your efforts in
this. I think it's impressive that you got the 12 largest employers to come
together, and everyone's working really hard. I don't think we should
minimize that. I think it's great that you're doing that. I'm very impressed
with all the programs that you're coming up with. In listening to everyone's
questions, I had a lot of similar thoughts on this. I think that you should
have—I think this is more directed towards Stanford—a sustained lobbying
effort on Caltrain. I think as they go through the next 5 years, there will be
opportunities to get more service at the Cal. Avenue station. I don't think
they even realize that the reason University does so much better than Cal.
Ave. is because you bus people there as opposed to people just don't go
there. They look at the ridership on a station when they're thinking of their
new plans. I think a sustained lobbying effort is where we educate them,
and they understand how important Cal. Ave. could be. Over a long period
of time, it would have huge benefits. I also think you should engage on the
2040 Expressway Plan. That's adding the extra lane on Page Mill Road.
Think about how best this could work. One of the thoughts I had on this
was as you go through this process, it would be great if you did traffic
studies that said this is the existing traffic. If we got 30 percent or 40

                                                                          Page 26 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
