                          TRANSCRIPT
beneficial technologies. I think that should be earlier in the process so that
we can build that foundation for future success. I'll leave it at that for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I assume I can make a general comment about
the S/CAP. I support the 80/30 goal and the people who said tonight that
this is the most important issue of our time. That's why I think it has to be
connected to our Comp. Plan. You say they're effects, different efforts,
different approaches. Let me make a case for connection now. Important
step of our progress to date is what we've done with electricity, reaching
zero carbon. If you turn to Packet Page 707, there's a dramatic slide that
says over the last four years our hydro power has forced us to go out into
the marketplace to buy gas from (inaudible) and off set it by RECs. That
makes sense. What it says is we're part of a State, of a region. If we have
to take gas to feed our heating, we can offset that elsewhere in the State.
That's an important principle of what we're doing. Yet, when we get to the
Land Use Element in the current S/CAP, Page 489, land use you say has a
miniscule impact over the next 15 years, roughly one percent of a savings
we can make. There's text in there that says patterns that provide shorter
commutes are so significant they must be included here and discussed and
resolved in the community. Land use, that ties us, that's a plea to let's work
with the Comp. Plan. Yet, on Page 489 where you get to the details on TLU-
1 [(Transportation Lever) Pursue Jobs-housing Balance], you say let's use
the 3:1 ratio between jobs and employed residents for the next 15 years.
Let's use that from the "Comp. Plan to date." That makes us one of the
largest commute centers in the United States, and we say let's keep doing it.
It seems to me the same thing on electricity, if we can say if we can work
regionally to make a difference, suppose for example we take the unanimous
vote of the Council to put a cap on commercial growth in Palo Alto and
extend that 15 years, in other words move 5,000-7,000 jobs to San Jose or
to San Francisco. San Jose has a 1:1 ratio between jobs and housing. San
Francisco has a dense, walkable community, transit-rich community. What
would be the greenhouse gas impact of that? It seems to me it would be
dramatic. Our S/CAP should tell us is that an option that we should be
looking at, instead of just assuming let's become a 19th century commuter
center, get more and more people from outside whose greenhouse gas
emissions are counted somewhere else outside our borders. What's the
implication? Our Comp. Plan is going to have a discussion of that next
month. Why isn't our S/CAP a part of that discussion? Why can't you give
us some leads? What impact would that have if we thought differently about
it? Let me just throw out one other example, water. You mention on Page
604 that we are in the midst of a drought, and it looks like it could get worse
over the long run. It has a continuing impact on our hydro supply, our
                                                                         Page 47 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
