                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Dubois: I think you could also—one of the questions was
how do you go to the CAC. You could share this with the CAC as well. They
could have some discussion about some of these options.

Mayor Burt: That starts getting the CAC involved in measures that would be
done prior to the Comp Plan which is not really their purview.

Council Member DuBois: I don't know if we're joking about "C," but I'm not
really sure. It's assuming we need more bike storage, but what ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: We're definitely not joking about it.

Council Member DuBois: As part of the Housing Element, it just seems out
of place.

Mayor Burt: Maybe it is; it's also just easy, low hanging fruit. You're right
it's a little out of place.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we could tie it there, thinking that we've been
talking a lot of how we deal with the transportation issues with the housing.
That's the context.

Mayor Burt: It is a little disconnected, but I don't think it does a great deal
of harm. Now that we've clarified that we're talking about evaluating
feasibility, do we still need to separate these or can we allow Staff to come
back with the feasibility? I think I'm going to be inclined to try to have them
voted on as one group. Maker and seconder, are you done?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think you have some of us that would like to
have "D" separated, because I don't think we can support it. I think there
are at least three of us...

Mayor Burt: You don't think what?

Council Member Holman: I think there are some of us that cannot support
"D." If that could be separated, I would appreciate it.

Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead and separate "D," and we'll vote on that
separately. I don't want to vote on all these separately.




                                                                       Page 105 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
