                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: The Finance Committee question, the second half of it, having
to do with requesting an estimate on nonresidential development. Is the
answer that we don't have that because that's going to come through
Development Services Department or that some amount of fees on
nonresidential we actually do have that are outside the Development
Services?

Ms. Gitelman: Absolutely. We charge planning fees to both residential and
nonresidential and a lot of mixed use projects. Sherry tried in the report, in
that section that you referenced, to estimate based on our last couple years
of experience how much would be charged to residential projects versus
nonresidential. The estimate was 20-25 percent to residential. It's not
perfect because we didn't go into every mixed use project and separate
residential from nonresidential, but it's a good ballpark. It's also going to
change as the composition of the applications we process change. If we get
more residential applications and less nonresidential, the balance will
change.

Mayor Burt: In this paragraph, the first full paragraph on Page 8, where it
refers to first that we're asking the Development Customer Advisory Group
for their input, but then tonight we're acting on this and we haven't seen
that input. It refers to a $1 million increase—it says the estimated revenue
increase is $1 million, $0.6 million in Fiscal Year 2017 and the full $1 million.
I guess it means that it's $1 million annually. Is it saying that in this fiscal
year, it would only be a fractional year and that's why it's $0.6? What is
being said in that paragraph?          Is that referring to nonresidential or
residential? I reread it several times, and I just couldn't decipher what it
was trying to say.

Ms. Nikzat: Thank you, Mayor Burt. I'm very sorry for the confusion. The
$1 million is the total amount. That means residential and nonresidential in
Fiscal Year '18. The reason it says $0.6 in Fiscal Year '17 is because we are
phasing it, so that the flat fees will not go up until Fiscal Year—they're going
up half of the way and then the rest of the way in Fiscal Year '18. That's the
difference. At the end of the day, when all Fiscal Year '18, barring any CPI
adjustments or anything, when we've got all the fees right-sized, it would be
$1 million.

Mayor Burt: Then the portion of that that's to the nonresidential, we have in
the prior paragraph, we talk about this $120,000 to $133,000 for the IR
review. There may be other residential-related fees. It sounds like you're
saying the bulk of that $1 million is nonresidential.

Ms. Nikzat: Based on that estimation, that's correct.

                                                                          Page 17 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
