                         TRANSCRIPT
permanent Ordinance, is it going to affect Comp Plan Update schedule?
What's it going to affect? You can answer that later if you wish.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think Council Member Holman covered a couple
of my questions. Could you just remind me what's the definition of personal
service?

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Personal service means a use providing services of a personal convenience
nature and cleaning, repair or sales incidental thereto including beauty
shops, nail salons, day spas, barber shops, self-service laundry, repair and
fitting of clothes, quick printing and copying services, internet and other
consumer electronic services, film, art, dance and music studios, things of
that nature.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. The other question I had was kind of
what are our legal options. In terms of the priorities you have, if we say
stay on your current priorities, can we extend the Interim Ordinance and
maybe only have it apply to areas like the community commercial districts or
El Camino that you may not get to for a while or would we have to pass a
new Interim Ordinance for those areas or would we have to make this one
permanent and change it later?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you. Cara Silver, Senior
Assistant City Attorney. You have adopted this Interim Ordinance under the
safe harbor provision of State law regarding moratorium ordinances. Under
that statutory scheme, there is a two year limit to these types of ordinances
that essentially freeze development rights on particular pieces of property.
After the two years expire, you would have to adopt a permanent ordinance
that would get at some of the issues that you want to regulate. That's one
option; you can adopt a permanent Ordinance. You might be able to extend
the Ordinance if you can make a different set of health and safety-type
findings, but that would be rather difficult in this case.

Council Member DuBois: Even though we've created some permanent
ordinances, say, for Cal. Ave. and University, if we created an Interim
Ordinance for the Midtown commercial district, as an example, it's already
been under the two years that the current Ordinance has. We would have to

                                                                      Page 49 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
