                          TRANSCRIPT
will happen soon. If you have a protest, now is your chance to submit it to
the Clerk. After the close of the public input portion of the public hearing
tonight, the Clerk will count the written protests she has received. If the
City has received valid, written protests with respect to a majority of the
parcels subject to the fee, then the Council has to abandon the process and
cannot move forward to impose the fee. If there is not a collection of
protests amounting to 50 percent plus one of the number of parcels
affected, then the Council can go on to consider the resolution that calls for
a second type of election, which is an actual mail ballot election that we will
describe shortly. Back to you, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time, we will accept oral testimony from the
public. Each speaker will have up to three minutes to speak. Our first
speaker is David Bower, to be followed by Jill Bicknell. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 7:54 P.M.

David Bower: Mayor Burt and Council Members, I'm here as a member of
the Committee that helped create this proposal. I'm here tonight—I didn't
expect to be the only person on the committee here tonight. I'm here
tonight to encourage you, of course, to move to the next step of the election
and also to give you a sense of how the committee reached this new
approach to storm water management. Mayor Burt did us a great service by
characterizing our committee work in a way that, I think, we thought people
would understand it. We wanted to do two things. First, we wanted to
continue to have a consistent maintenance portion of this vote for the well-
being of our storm water system. The other thing we wanted to do—I think
this is where as a group we actually came together even though we had very
diverse opinions and very different ideas about what the community project
would be. We wanted to try to incorporate a number of things that are
coming from both State and Federal mandates. We wanted to make this—
I'll take this opportunity to encourage Palo Alto citizens to think of storm
water as an opportunity, not just something we have to manage. That's
where the green infrastructure portion of this comes into effect. I think it's a
really important part of our contribution. We as a committee had, as I said,
very diverse ideas about what we should do. As a former member of the
Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee (IBRC) in 2011, I was astounded at
how well we worked together and ended up with a true consensus on this
committee. I think we would encourage you to move forward with this.
Thank you for the opportunity to be on this.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jill Bicknell, to be followed by
Esther Nigenda.


                                                                         Page 46 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
