                          TRANSCRIPT

we're investing in high occupancy vehicle modes of transport or complete
streets as a philosophy rather than just perpetuating what we have which is
just basically status quo congestion. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Andrew Boone, to be followed
by Herb Borock.

Andrew Boone: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Andrew
Boone. I've been following this sales tax proposal pretty closely, because I
personally am very concerned about a looming expansion of our highway
and expressway. Santa Clara County Staff themselves are proposing 1
billion—that's in your list here—for expressway car traffic expansions. Half
of that 1 billion just to put Lawrence Expressway underground, basically
convert part of Lawrence Expressway to the way Central Expressway is.
That's what we're talking about. That's what you're being asked to agree to.
Spend 500 million of sales tax dollars on what is it? One or 2 miles of
making something like Central Expressway. I don't think this matches with
the priorities that you described before. In your Staff Report, they're listed
when you're first asked about this.       August 2015, they were funding for
Caltrain, bicycle and pedestrian improvements, first and last mile service
from transit and transportation demand management. You didn't ask for
originally any let's make the highways wider, let's get some bigger
interchanges. You understand that reducing demand for driving is a lot
better investment than trying to build our way out of congestion, than trying
to follow a policy that's been failing for 60, 70, 80 years. I know this is a
negotiation with the other eight cities in the group, that you want to express
a common interest, but I don't get the feeling from those other cities a $1.5
billion expansion of expressways and highways is what they really want
either. On January 19th, the Mountain View City Council certainly said that
they were not in favor of that. All of the Council Members who spoke on the
issue said we want to reduce the amount of money spent on expressway and
highway expansions and increase the amount of money spent on other ways
to reduce the demand for driving. Finally, I do think 500 million for bicycle
and pedestrian sounds like a lot of money, but this is 30 years. These are
the modes of the future. These need to be prioritized. We don't need to
spend—it's 1.5 billion for highways and .5 billion for biking and walking.
Really, you need to consider seriously reversing those numbers. Climate
change is real. This is a solution. This is a solution that we can do. SB 375
is already the law. We're required to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from
private automobiles. It's State law. Passing a sales tax that violates State
law or doesn't explicitly violate State law, but it's obviously in contradiction,
seems imprudent. Thank you.
                                                                          Page 74 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
