                          TRANSCRIPT
recommendation implicitly to be one RPP district or did they just not do what
they were supposed do which was prioritize Southgate or Evergreen?

Mr. Mello: They elected to assign the same priority to Southgate and
Evergreen Park

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't think they did their job then. I think that's not
what we asked them to do. When it comes to funding, here a little bit, I
guess my question is if we were to create more funding, then you could do
both Southgate and Evergreen or it's not a question of funding, it's a
question of Staff time, so we couldn't do that even if we added an extra
$200,000 to do both.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Vice Mayor Scharff. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. If you look
at the updated table that we included in the at-places memo and in the
PowerPoint, we have budgeted sufficient resources in the capital budget to
do multiple RPPs. In the operating budget, we have not budgeted for any
RPPs because of discussions that happened during the development of the
proposed budget we had this discussion about should we put in money for
the enforcement contracts. It was decided that we would wait and see
which RPPs and how big they were that we would take forward. Then, we
have to have a discussion about how to accomplish the enforcement,
whether by using Staff or contractor and the like. There were ways we just
couldn't estimate what the operating costs would be. Any RPP would require
us to come back with a budget appropriation next year. Separate from the
budgeting issues, we do have Staff constraints. We have one significant
vacancy in the department with Jessica Sullivan's departure. That will affect
our ability to deliver in terms of the time it will take to do multiple RPPs. I
think the Council can prioritize and direct us to proceed with as many of
these as you like, and we will have to just assess the amount of time it will
take to follow through.

Vice Mayor Scharff:      We could direct you to do both Evergreen and
Southgate, but it will just take longer due to Staff constraints as opposed to
just saying, "Go ahead and do one of those two." Is that ...

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know whether the City Manager wants to add, but
that's our assessment. As Sue-Ellen pointed out in her presentation, there's
some alternatives for some of these other programs that might be desirable
to pursue first.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It wasn't—this is a technical question that I'm trying
(inaudible). The technical question really is do we have the option to tell
you to do both or do we not have the option. What you've told me is that
                                                                        Page 71 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
