                         TRANSCRIPT
and accessible to custom changes directly by our transportation officials with
potentially as much as a laptop. More to come on that, a larger discussion.
The Net Energy Metering successor program. On August 22nd, the City
Council approved the Solar Net Energy Metering successor program, often
called NEM, and directed Staff to develop alternatives for the NEM transition
policy. Council also voted to change the method used to calculate the NEM
cap. Using the new method, the new NEM cap will increase from 9.5
megawatts to 10.8 megawatts, a 13 percent increase. The increase will
allow more people to install solar under the existing NEM program and will
allow our Staff more time to inform the community about the successive
program. We're developing communication materials to inform customer
and industry affiliates about the new cap and transition to the NEM
successor program. Some good news there, as a result of your session a
couple of weeks ago. In the same general area, I wanted to share with
Council and the community that Palo Alto is participating in the Bay Area
SunShares Program, which is a limited time program that aims to make it
simpler and more affordable to go solar or purchase a zero emission vehicle.
SunShares pools the buying power of homeowners and vehicle buyers,
provides vetted contractors and offers free third-party technical advice that
helps inform customer decision-making. The cities and companies involved
in SunShares see it as a way to provide a benefit to our residents and
employees while moving towards regional climate goals. Please join us on
September 17th at the Mitchell Park Community Center for a workshop to
learn     more    about   the    program.        Details  are   provided    at
bayareasunshares.org, their website. Workshop registration is available at
the City's website, cityofpaloalto.org/workshops. In another example of the
City's strong financial management, Moody's Investor Services has upgraded
to AA1 from AA2 the $30.7 million in outstanding 2009 Series A water
revenue bonds for the City's water enterprise. The rating upgrade reflects
the system's very broad, wealthy and economically diverse service area
which provides a strong and reliable customer base. The AA1 rating also
incorporates the system's sound financial position characterized by strong
and stable debt service coverage that is projected to continue at similar
levels, a very robust liquidity position, and a strong management team that
is committed to implementing annual rate increases when necessary and
below average debt burden. Again, congratulations and thanks to our
staffing in Administrative Services Department (ASD) and the support folks
in utilities and obviously the Council's overall guidance. Another reminder
from the Clerk's Office, the City is looking for engaged members of the
community to serve on the Historic Resources Board, the Parks and
Recreation Commission, the Planning and Transportation Commission, and
the Storm Drain Oversight Committee. Applications are available on the City
Clerk's webpage at cityofpaloalto.org/clerk. The application deadline is next
week, September 14th at 5:30 P.M. Lastly, once again just a reminder that
                                                                       Page 32 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
