                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: May I just add something to that? I'm being presumptuous
here. It seems to me that it might be easier, even in the nearer term,
tonight or soon thereafter, where the Council would identify within the fifth
scenario what the boundaries are on the jobs and the housing number. That
being said, the study of those and the development of the mitigations, as
they relate to the performance standards and those sorts of things, are
things that could unfold, if managed carefully, appropriately with the
conversations that are taking place at the CAC. My own sense is I don't
know if we—I would think if we maintain good communication, those things
could inform each other. Again, I think the boundaries are one thing. I
think then as it gets to applying the performance standards, if you go down
that route, and the mitigations and things are things that, I think, the
sustainability committee at the CAC and others will be talking about also.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for the presentation. I want to talk a
little bit about what was meant by performance-based approach as outlined
in the latest Staff Report. Would that apply everywhere? Would it replace
the zoning we have in place now? Could you describe what's envisioned?

Ms. Gitelman: Sure, I'd be happy to comment on that a little bit. I'll admit
this is something that still needs further development. I think we used the
Council's direction back in January and February as a jumping off place. I
think the Council envisioned that we would develop a scenario that had built
into it kind of mitigation requirements and then penalties or changes if those
requirements were not met. Fremont has done something that they've
called performance-based zoning. It's very different than our situation,
because it's kind of a green field site. It was development of vacant land.
It's a term that has great appeal. The idea being that we establish
performance measures that new projects have to meet. If they themselves
can't mitigate their impacts onsite, then they're responsible for offsetting
those impacts somehow. We've included in the Staff Report our idea, for
example, for how new trips would be mitigated in that way. I invite you to
look at that. I'd be happy to answer questions about that measure. Our
thought is if the Council continues to be interested in this idea, we would
pursue similar policy framework to address other potential impacts of growth
that might occur over this period.

Council Member DuBois: We talked about performance things in different
ways in our past meetings. I guess Point G of the previous motion about
triggers. I didn't really see in the report the idea of triggers, at least the
way I understood it, which was we would actually trigger different policies or
programs if mitigations weren't working. I saw a description of potential

                                                                       Page 59 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
