                         TRANSCRIPT
not one and the same. I don't get it. This question about whether Study
Sessions have value, I think we can look back at Study Sessions and ask
ourselves did that work well as a Study Session or should it have been an
Action Item. There are times that we reflect and say it might have been better
if we combined a study and an Action Item. Study Sessions have an ability to
have thoughtful discourse. That is not the framework of an Action Item. They
function differently, and they have different outcomes. Not every outcome is a
legislative action. We take last Monday, just heard that that was a valuable
evening with no Action Items. That would have been eliminated from that sort
of discourse. I don't see what action was ready on those subjects, was ripe to
be taken at this time. It was really us having an opportunity to digest what we
had learned and heard in the Summit and begin to have an opportunity for
follow-up questions and frame what we're going to have in Action Items two
months or three months from now on that same subject. For that matter, for
the Staff to hear from us in a way that allows them to come back with Action
Items that were informed by our Study Session. When they come, we don't
come back and say why did you bring this forward. They'd say because we
didn't have any sense from you of where you were coming from on the subject.
I think Study Sessions have their role. We want to make sure that we use
them appropriately. In my mind, not eliminate them and assume that suddenly
they no longer have a function. We are now at 2:15. I think we need to think
about where we're going from here. This is another go-around though.

Council Member Holman: Just quickly on the matter of Study Sessions. In the
past we have talked about at least having Study Sessions immediately followed
by an Action Item on the same topic. That way we could have the Study
Session in that format, and if there's an action the Council wanted to take, it
was available to us. We implemented that for a very brief time, and we've
abandoned it again so we have this awkward situation that ...

Mayor Burt: I don't think we've abandoned it. I agree that it has—there are
times where that's the appropriate sequence, but I don't think we've
abandoned it. As we've looked at some of the upcoming schedules, that very
question emerges. It doesn't mean that it's appropriate in every circumstance.
I mean, like last Monday's, I don't think it was appropriate there. I would think
there are ones on the horizon where it would be. Either way, we haven't had—I
guess we have to figure out our next step to begin to have structure to what
comes out of this discussion today. I think we had a discussion and we're not
having real guidance or action or clear intentions of what we're going to do
next. Mr. City Manager.

Mr. Keene:     Mr. Mayor, a couple of thoughts.        Thank you all for the
conversation so far. This is further than we—even though the references to
prior Council Retreats, we've gotten further into the year on this Retreat than
                                                                         Page 74 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
