                           TRANSCRIPT
structure. It looks like there's still some flexibility, so we can change the
structure going forward. Is that correct or did I misread the Staff Report?

Ms. Silvani: Our Bylaws were formed, and the ratio of large, medium, small
employers is aspirational. It's not locked into place. We can expand the
Board with a simple vote. There's a great deal of flexibility. It was
recommended to us by the nonprofit attorney that we used that we start
with a very small and committed Board, because it's much easier to get
something going that you start with a smaller nucleus. You get something
going as you see with the programs we're suggesting, and start to prove
ourselves and grow from there, rather than start with trying to be all things
to all people right off the bat. There is that flexibility.

Mr. George: One other thing I can add is that we have been actively
discussing a resident sort of task force to support us, advisors, so we can
sort of put our money where our mouth is. If there is a community that can
do this and do it well, it would be Palo Alto. It won't be without resident
support. We plan on bringing them to the table.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that. If I may just weigh in on
structure and public noticing of your meetings and things like that. I know
that there's some ongoing discussion and questions around whether your
Board should essentially follow Brown Act-style rules. My own sense is that
would decrease the ability of the organization to be nimble and defeat the
purpose of having an independent organization that's not part of the City. I
do think that if there's an opportunity to have publicly noticed meetings and
encourage members of the public to come and see those meetings so that
there is clarity and transparency and the public input is sought and
encouraged, I think that would be very helpful. It would be a really good
sign that this is really about helping residents. It's not just about employers
and employees and the secondary effect of helping residents by alleviating
traffic. Also, on the question of the rebranding that was mentioned for the
City shuttle and working with the TMA on that as was referred to earlier, I
think I've mentioned in the past. When I used to live in Los Angeles (LA)
and go to Santa Monica College, I rode everyday into LA of all places the
Santa Monica Big Blue bus. Really well branded, cute name, easy to see.
Palo Alto little green shuttle still gets my preference, but I'll let you take that
under advisement because we're not taking votes tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to say I appreciate the work of the
steering committee. You guys got off to a good start which is nice to see.
I'm curious. In the model, will the membership fees every fund the TMA

                                                                            Page 41 of 99
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 3/14/16
