                          TRANSCRIPT
on an annual basis. I think legally there's no problem with monitoring
growth on an annual basis. It is certainly something we can do in our Comp
Plan. I would propose that we put a cap on square footage in Palo Alto at
100,000 square feet per year. From that, I assume the health center is
already included since we're talking about approving new projects in town.
That is twice the annual cap that we have already established for the three
major commercial areas. It would cover the other commercial areas around
town. I guess I would propose that as a starting point for the fifth scenario.

Mayor Burt: I don't hear a second at this time.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to include a cap on the increase of square footage in Palo Alto at 100,000
square feet per year as part of a “fifth scenario”.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: Are you done?

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure I'm ready to make a motion yet. A
couple of comments. The year 1990 is the benchmark we use in the state of
California for our target for greenhouse gases. Correct? When that was
proposed as a target for greenhouse gas levels for the future, many people
saw that as lofty or unrealistic. Is that fair to say? I would venture that the
1990 jobs/housing balance in Palo Alto is also lofty, and many will see it as
unrealistic. I think that if we're going to have a fifth scenario that explores
beyond the range of the four presented, which is why we asked to have
discussion about a fifth scenario, I would venture that the 1990 levels would
be a good place to look. You can see that on Slide 11, as Council Member
Schmid pointed out, of the presentation. 2.47:1 jobs to employed residents
is still a pretty strong ratio. That's still a lot of jobs for employed resident,
but it's less severe than what we have today. It's about a 15 percent
reduction in the ratio. It's not radically outside the range of what might be
achievable if we address both sides of the imbalance. If we address both
sides in an aggressive way, in a very thoughtful way. To speak to a number
of the comments that were made, do it in a way which addresses the
impacts of the housing growth which will inevitably be a part of this. What
we would be talking about would be a lot less office over the term of this
Comprehensive Plan, a lot less job growth than what we've seen over the
last couple of decades. You'd inevitably have less of the negative impacts
from that, but we'd also have to be really careful about how we add housing
                                                                          Page 45 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
