                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the Action Minutes for the September 19, 2016 Council
Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member DuBois, second by Council Member
Schmid. Please vote on the board. That passes 9-0.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: We now move onto the Consent Calendar.               We have one
speaker on Item Number 7, Herb Borock. Welcome.

Herb Borock, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 7: Thank you, Mayor
Burt. This is the item for a contract with the Mott McDonald Group, formerly
Hatch Mott McDonald, for rail management program services. I believe this
is the wrong contractor to receive a contract from the City for rail matters. I
think it's the wrong agency, that is Palo Alto, to be paying for some of the
services indicated here on grade separations. I think it's the wrong time to
be doing it. Hatch Mott McDonald is one of the funders as a contributor to
Proposition 1A that established the High Speed Rail Authority and its current
program that the City opposes. In exchange for its donation, it became one
of the contractors for High Speed Rail and received contracts many times
over the amount that it contributed to the campaign. Although, under the
conflict of interest laws, if it waits a period of time, it's not technically in
violation of that law, but practically anyone who's been in the position as
they have of essentially being an agent of the High Speed Rail Authority can
suddenly change what it is doing. In effect, on such things as environmental
review, it already starts with a bias, and it's the wrong bias. It can't be
objective in working for the City of Palo Alto. Palo Alto is also the wrong
agency to be funding these things. It should be the agencies or the
sponsors of the project, the Caltrain and the High Speed Rail Authority.
Since the High Speed Rail Authority Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
process is still ongoing, bringing up the grade separations as a mitigation is
appropriate. It's only after that that we determine who would be funding it.
Also to the extent that grade separations increases the ability to increase
more office development in Palo Alto, it should be those who benefit from
that development that should be paying for it. Finally, it's the wrong time.
That is, we are about to adopt a Comprehensive Plan next year, and that
requires an integrated set of policies and programs on all the Elements of
the Plan including the transportation as it relates to development. Until we
have an internally consistent set of Elements for a Comprehensive Plan, only


                                                                         Page 31 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
