                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'll add that it's kind of—we certainly want to see that
integration. In this sense, what we get is when we do review the land use,
we'll have the benefit of having gone through this.

Council Member Filseth: (crosstalk) transportation.

Mayor Burt: I'm not quite sure. Ultimately we want to make sure they're
integrated, when we've seen them before.

Council Member Filseth: Right, that's the goal. I had one question. One of
my favorite policies from the existing Comp Plan I didn't see in here. It was
previous Police T47 which reads "protect residential areas from the impacts
of nearby business districts." I didn't see that one in here. I was wondering
is it in here or did it get excised or why.

Ms. Gitelman: I hope this isn't a theme, but I think we have at least two
policies in the draft Element that address that one idea from the last
Element. I know there's one in the parking section that talks about ensuring
there isn't intrusion into residential neighborhoods. I will find that for you. I
think there's also—T5.10, it's on Packet Page 432 at the bottom, is the one
that's specific to parking. I think there's also one about traffic intrusions and
traffic calming. It'll take us a moment to find that one. T4.2 on Packet Page
428.

Council Member Filseth:      T5.10 says minimize spillover parking into
residential neighborhoods. Is that the one I'm thinking? All right. That's
probably the limit of my question.

Mayor Burt: Other Council Member questions? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thinking about the space in mode types between
bicycles and cars, there are a couple of steps in between. One is electric
bikes, which are becoming more popular.            The other is scooters and
motorcycles. I'm looking for more in here about safety in road design, to
consider those, especially considering that now State law provides that lane
sharing by motorcycles is legal. Before it was de facto legal; now it's
explicitly legal. I think that's important when we think about roadway
design, etc. It's a question. I'm wondering if there's anything about that in
here that I missed. I'm also wondering if there's anything in here I missed
about parking and charging for electric bicycles and also parking spaces and
charging for electric motorcycles and scooters, which we'll see more of
between now and 2030. While you're looking for that, the third area of
question. Basically, roadway design, parking and charging facilities. The
third area of question for electric bikes and for motorcycles and scooters is—
I was just looking for anything about improving our signal sensor sensitivity
                                                                         Page 92 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
