                          TRANSCRIPT
one wants to be in the hospital. Those patients you could see physical
transformation take place in the presence of the music. Eyes got less
cloudy, people's posture got better, greater awareness of the environment
around them. I used to think it's like they're getting a shot of something.
It's like an IV drip of the arts. It turns out now there's this growing body of
research that shows when the arts are part of our healthcare—just about 50
percent of the nation's hospitals have kind of arts programs—we have
shorter hospital stays, less depression, fewer doctor visits, even evidence
that it saves money. Unless we even think this is a new idea, the god Apollo
was the god of both music and healing. Talk about a big portfolio; that guy
had it. We're really rediscovering a lot of the great community benefits that
come with the arts. That's the opportunity here. Craig will talk more about
it, and then we can discuss that. When we invest in the arts, we're getting
more than just cultural benefits. We're building healthier communities,
better young people, the communities that we want to live in. I've got to
tell you, as I travel around to 40 cities a year, the investment begins with
the public sector, government, cities, states, federally. The first ones in,
that really helps launch these programs. I think there's real opportunity
here. Thank you, and thank you for your support of the arts. There's so
many wonderful things going on here. Thanks.

Craig Watson, California Arts Council: Rhyena has to set up my slides here.
I have a prezzy, which we worked with a little bit earlier today. It was a
little glitchy, but we're going to press on. If for some reason we can't get it
to flow smoothly, I feel confident I can get all my points across. As Rhyena
said, I'm Craig Watson. I'm the Director of the California Arts Council, your
State agency for the arts. Every state in the union has one of these. Most
of them date back 50 years. Last Wednesday night, we just celebrated our
40th anniversary, created when Governor Brown was governor the first time
around. What I'd like to do is—a little bit of my overlap with Randy is to
again set the context for the economic impact. I won't take too much time,
because I think Randy made all the points that I would make, but I'll make it
in a different way. Just again in context. California is a juggernaut for
creativity, and this region in particular is a hotbed, as we know, for
creativity.      This report, in its third year on a statewide level, is
demonstrating the impact of the arts for the state of California. We slice it a
little bit differently than Randy does. When he looks at the arts and culture
impact to the economy, I'm talking about strictly the arts community. This
number, $293 billion of State GDP, takes into account all industries that
arguably have as their workforce some creative member who in some way
was affected as they were growing or as they were training, as their work
content. Think of design of both furniture, automotive, fashion. All of that
would be encapsulated in this total number. That's a huge job creator for
our state. From a policy perspective whether it's at our State level or even
                                                                         Page 5 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
