                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: That's right. They identified in those four programs where
they thought those would be appropriate.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Did they talk at all about in coordinated areas that they
would or would not be subject to the caps or that would be a decision when
the coordinated area plan is being done, that were made at that time? Was
there discussion at all about height limits within a coordinated area plan if
you're doing a specific zoning and going through that process? Was there
any discussion about coordinated area plans sort of in that holistic way?

Ms. Gitelman: They did not get into that level of detail, no.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When they talked about height limits, did anyone ever
talk about stories as opposed to height limits?

Ms. Costello: There was quite a bit of discussion of how many stories you
could fit into these different height limits. There were four options, and
there was quite a bit of difference of opinion on …

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Can I interrupt here? That's a really good question,
but I don't think it affects the Stanford area lands unless there's a way in
which you're envisioning it. It would be good to have that discussion with
Council Member DuBois.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm happy to hold that for Council Member DuBois.

Mayor Burt: I have the same questions for Downtown.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's totally fine. I was actually surprised by all of
this, of how much hotels figured into this. I was hoping you could give me a
little bit more understanding of why there was so much focus on hotels.

Ms. Gitelman: I'll ask Elaine to pile on here. I'm not sure there was a real
focus on hotels. It was just an area where there was some disagreement.
Those who wanted these kind of growth management strategies, among that
segment of the committee there was a real split. Those who wanted to
include hotels, and those who didn't.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Did Staff on the hotels provide the data as to trips
generated by hotels versus other forms of development?

Ms. Gitelman: Again, we didn't really get into discussing the impacts. We
talked about the development, over time how much hotel square footage
had been developed and how much was in the pipeline. That information
was available to the group, but not a lot about impacts.

                                                                      Page 68 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/28/16
