                          TRANSCRIPT
$60,000 roughly, 2016 $8,900.      For 2017, we have $88,000 budgeted.               I
couldn't resist asking.

Mr. Perez: It was probably to close it down. We'll have to look.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You can get back to me on it. I was just curious as to
what that was for. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I don't see any other lights. We'll thank the Staff and the
Finance Committee in advance for a month of hard work ahead. I know the
Staff's been—their hard work on this doesn't start tonight. Maybe the next
month is actually easier than the last few months. You have a lot of
meetings coming up. Thank you all for this hard work in this coming month.
On that note, we will conclude this item.

NO ACTION TAKEN

8.    Colleagues Memo: Developing City Policy on Acquisition, Use, and
      Safeguards for Surveillance and Information-Gathering Technologies.

Mayor Burt: We'll move on to our final item tonight, which is a Colleagues
Memo regarding developing City policies on acquisition, use and safeguards
for surveillance and information gathering technologies. Since this is a
Colleagues Memo, Council Member Wolbach, are you wanting to take the
lead on introducing this? Go right ahead.

Council Member Wolbach: I just had a few comments to make about this,
just as a matter of process. Should I make those now or should we go to
the public, if there's any public comment, first?

Mayor Burt: We normally have authors of the Colleagues Memo offer
introductory comments on the Memo, and then we can hear from members
of the public and then return to the Council for discussion. We currently
have five speaker cards.

Council Member Wolbach: Also when there's an opportunity to make a
Motion, I'd appreciate it if I could do that. This Colleagues Memo is really
about beginning the process of establishing a proactive policy to ensure
transparency in City government when it comes to technology with
surveillance or privacy concerns and about protecting Personally Identifiable
Information, PII. This is in the context of rapidly evolving technology, which
enables unprecedented opportunities but also potential risks. This is in the
context of controversies at the national, state and local level, which Palo Alto
should aim to avoid. This is not about regulating private uses of technology,
only uses by the City or our contractors or partners. I'd say this is also not
                                                                          Page 52 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
