                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk) we might be able to loosen that up.
Again, Policy and Services did spend a lot of time talking about distance
from schools. We spent an awful lot of time talking about the multiunit
residences. I think we asked Staff to investigate whether filtering was even
possible. They came back and said it really wasn't. We had a lot of
members of the community that spoke to us about secondhand smoke
effects. I think we were unanimous on that part of the Motion. I just
wanted to point out that some of these other things are new.

Mayor Burt: I now see that we have some lights; people want to take
another cut at it. Let's …

Council Member Holman: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I thought you had. Either way, let me just say that if we do
have any follow-up motions or anything, let's just be real focused and
succinct. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I was going to make a—maybe it's
simpler just to make a substitution Motion which is to adopt "C," which was
part of the Staff recommendation, and direct Staff to do outreach to the
retailers and return to Council with options of a Palo Alto Ordinance or
adoption of the County agreement.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Wolbach to:

A.   Adopt an Ordinance amending Chapter 9.14 (Smoking and Tobacco
     Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to ban smoking in units in
     multi-unit residences and common areas, and make other minor
     amendments to smoking restrictions (remove bingo games as places
     and workplaces exempt from the City’s prohibition against smoking in
     enclosed places); and

B.   Direct Staff to conduct outreach to tobacco retailers and return to
     Council with options for a Palo Alto Ordinance or adoption of the Santa
     Clara County Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead and speak to your Motion.

Council Member Holman: The reason is because things I mentioned earlier—
just in the effort to be brief here. I raised some, to me, significant issues
during the question portion of this.       This other issue is resale-ability.

                                                                        Page 64 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
