                          TRANSCRIPT
The loading order would be first make it legal, then promote it through these
surveys, and then eventually try to mandate it at some level and then kind
of build up from there. We give the construction community—telegraph our
movements so they know this is coming. We've done the same thing with
water conservation, energy efficiency, etc.

Council Member Holman:       It's a really great start, and I very much
appreciate it. When do you think you'll be able to come back with some kind
of report on what the salvage diversion rate is as opposed to the recycling
diversion rate?

Mr. Pirnejad: We have those reports available today. It is available on our
Green Halo website. We will be tracking that, so it is being tracked today.
We will continue to track it in the hopes that this will demonstrate a positive
curve to improve the number of salvage projects.

Council Member Holman: Maybe in the next year or so you can come back
with some kind of report?

Mr. Pirnejad: Yes, we will be reporting back.

Council Member Holman: Two last things. I so appreciate this, and you
know I do. You know how much I appreciate this. At the same time, where
would we account for the environmental impact, because this is the Green
Building Standard Code? I know this is California, not Palo Alto. Where
would Palo Alto account for the impact of the amount of demolition that we
have? There is a standard that identifies that just for construction materials
for a new project, commercial or residential, it's 75 pounds of CO2 created
per square foot. That is a considerable environmental impact. Where would
we account for that? That doesn't even include demolition and recycling or
transport. That's also why this salvage issue and reuse issue is such an
important one. Where would we account for that environmental impact?

Mr. Pirnejad: I'm going to have to put on my Planner hat and dig deep into
my planning experience about California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
and environmental law. I'm going to lean on Molly and Albert a little bit on
this. Building permits are exempt from CEQA. They're a ministerial permit,
and they don't trigger any kind of CEQA review. Therefore, this kind of—I
hate to even use the word—this type of effect wouldn't necessarily trigger
any kind of Environmental Impact Report or Negative Declaration. I want to
pass it on to the CAO's office.

Council Member Holman: I'm not referring to CEQA right here. I'm just
talking about where we would capture—because the demolition survey also

                                                                        Page 46 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
