                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by—who was that?
Council Member Wolbach. Please vote. That passes on a 7-0 vote with
Council Members Kniss and Berman absent. We will now go into Closed
Session.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Kniss absent

Council went into Closed Session at 6:05 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 7:17 P.M.

Mayor Burt: The Council has just completed a Closed Session item on labor
negotiations. We have no reportable actions.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Proclamation to Honor Paula Kirkeby for her Contributions to the
     Community.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Special Order of the Day. We have a
Proclamation to honor Paula Kirkeby for her contributions to the community.
I've asked Council Member Holman to read the Proclamation.

Council Member Holman:      Thank you.    I very much appreciate the
opportunity. Council Member Holman read the Proclamation into the record.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Karen Kienzle, Community Services Manager:            Good evening, Council
Members. I'm Karen Kienzle from the Palo Alto Art Center. Paula Kirkeby
was a friend, a conspirator, an inspiration and a force. On behalf of the Palo
Alto Art Center and the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation, we're so honored
that you have presented Paula with this Proclamation this evening. I'd like
to introduce Peter Kirkeby and Stefan Kirkeby, Paula's sons, to accept the
Proclamation.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. First, we need to vote on the Proclamation. Will
the Council please vote on it.

Ms. Kienzle: Many apologies.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That passes unanimously with Council Member
Berman absent. I will be joining the family to present the Proclamation.

Rhyena Halpern, Community Services Assistant Director:           Good evening.
Would it be okay to have one comment?
                                                                             Page 2 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
