                          TRANSCRIPT
numbers but in and of themselves are going to be difficult. I wouldn't want
to promise that we'll be able to parse that particular measure.

Mayor Burt: That falls within the framework that I am comfortable with
receiving and that I was really hoping that we could move toward; for the
consultant to transparently say, "These are the ones that I was able to have
moderately meaningful quantified estimates." They're still going to be
estimates. "These are other ones are ones that we simply had to have a
best professional, subjective judgment. We really don't have meaningful
quantification, but that's the best we can do at this point in time." I want to
see that. I just want to see what the consultant transparently says, "These
are the things that I had something moderately meaningful on, and these
are the things that I simply cannot. I used professional judgment and came
together with what we say would be an aggregate impact of this set of
measures." That's all transparent, and we get to understand it. We would
need to take the responsibility to not beat up on everyone of those and say,
"Why didn't you give me perfection?" That's our responsibility to come back
and not do that. We each have a responsibility. I don't want to have a
game where the consultant says, "I can't show you my cards, but I came up
with this conclusion." That doesn't cut it for me. I want to have an open
deck and say, "Here's what we have a reasonable analysis for. Here are the
things that we don't have a good enough basis, so we used best professional
judgment." We should be responsible enough to take those distinctions and
say that's the best we have to work with. Let's make the best judgments we
can based on that, when we look at choosing scenarios. I do think that—I
had two lights, Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Member Wolbach. Were you
both wanting to go forward toward Motions?

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to weigh in on that first round. I
forgot to hit my light earlier.

Mayor Burt: I thought you had.

Council Member Wolbach: I haven't spoken since our question period.

Mayor Burt: Why don't you go ahead, and then I'll go to Vice Mayor Scharff.
Let me just say his notion of putting out the Staff recommendation as a
starting point is probably a useful way. Then, we just openly discuss
modifications to it. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I've got a couple of questions for Staff. Picking
up on that process question, my inclination would be a bit of both what Vice
Mayor Scharff and Council Member DuBois suggested. Perhaps we do a
Staff recommendation for 5 and then the Staff recommendation for 6, and
go through them each separately. I would be open to that, but I do think
                                                                         Page 55 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
