                          TRANSCRIPT
would only be liquidated, so to speak, if we were unable to fulfill the two
year cycle. What this recommended adjustment would do is add an ongoing
$50,000, which means we would replenish it every year when we build the
budget. It would be for emerging needs whether it is HSRAP grantee or
other Human Services activities. Outside of that two year grant process,
these are unexpected things either from current grantees or other activities.

Council Member DuBois: I guess the question is do we need to make the
existing account more accessible or do we need more money? Do we need
both?

Ms. Nose: Since the existing account is only one-time and the intent of this
is to make it ongoing, it's probably easiest to establish a new account. If
you guys want to give the direction to liquidate as part of our year-end
process the current account, that's something you could do.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks for that clarification.

Mayor Burt: Council—sorry.

Council Member DuBois: I had a second question. On the $750,000, my
concern here is that we're not setting the best possibility by specifying an
absolute amount. I think what I heard Lalo and the City Manager say is that
they wanted to come back to Finance with a discussion about using money
above the 18 1/2 percent for unfunded pension as well as infrastructure.
Rather than just say $750,000 tonight, I would prefer we think about it more
as policy direction. I would offer that as a friendly motion, which is to have
Staff come back to Finance with options for use of excess funds about the
18.5 percent towards the capital infrastructure fund and unfunded pension
liabilities.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We had—what was it? $1 million roughly at the end ...

Council Member DuBois: $1.3 million.

Vice Mayor Scharff: $1.3 million. I thought 750 was the right number when
Mayor Burt put that out there as part of that $1.3 million, which wasn't
really going to anything above the 18 1/2. That was sort of the—no, I'm
going to stick with it the way it is.

Mayor Burt: I don't think the two things are mutually exclusive.

Mr. Keene:     May I just add to that?            I think both things can be
accommodated. We have a lot of variables that will probably get a little bit
clearer during the first quarter of this fiscal year as far as demands for other

                                                                             Page 57 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
