                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Yes. Except if it's on the roof, where some of it is, we would not
count the roof area.

Mayor Burt:    Service bays you're not counting.        You're saying that's
exempted floor area?

Mr. Lait: Service bays do count. The bays count toward floor area, but the
parking—I bring my car there; I leave my car; the porter takes the car to a
parking space which is essentially is me driving there and parking the car.
We're not counting that toward floor area.

Mayor Burt: I see. How much square footage is in that category?

Mr. Lait: We'll take a look and get that for you. For visual reference, you
can see it on PR00.11.

Mayor Burt: Point which one?

Mr. Lait: Point 11, sheet 11. Actually it's Sheet 12.

Mayor Burt: That's a different ...

Mr. Lait: Sheet 12 will show you visually.

Mayor Burt: Eleven is the ground floor, right?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. If go to the next page, on 12, you'll see a substantial
portion of the building is not counted toward floor area there.

Mayor Burt:    You're saying that's customer/employee parking.                That's
basically—I don't know if that's ...

Mr. Lait: Our Code doesn't distinguish between employee—it's a blended
parking standard for the site. It's anticipated that that includes some
element of customer parking, some element of employee parking.

Mayor Burt: How many spaces are we talking about as customer parking?
Is 14, is that—that's the rooftop. One of the baffling things to me about this
project was we have a maximum of 0.6 FAR. That's if all of this showroom
exemption is actually showroom exemption. Yet, we're a 50-foot building.
That's a 0.6 FAR needing a 50-foot building basically for floors. How does
that add up? A lot of it seems to be about this parking. Basically, we've
somehow interpreted—I just have a question whether some of this is new
car storage. There was a reference by the—I don't know if it was in the
Planning Commission discussions or Staff Report. Maybe it was the Planning
Commission discussion about the dealer saying it would be a hardship to be
                                                                         Page 114 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
