                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I didn't hear that done.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I didn't hear it either.

Mayor Burt: You're moving the Staff recommendation?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, I'm moving the Staff recommendation.

Mayor Burt: That's the Motion. Thank you. Did you want to speak further
to your Motion?

Council Member Kniss: I think I've spoken enough.

Mayor Burt: I think so too. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'd like to thank Nicole and the
County for all their hard work and actually for working with our Staff on this.
Also thank our Staff. I know it's been a long progress, and you guys have
spent a lot of time thinking this through and coming up with what's before
us tonight. It's been a long haul. I also think it's one of the more innovative
partnerships between the City and the County. The County's actually going
to take a huge burden off of us by doing the enforcement for all of this. I
think we're going to become a model with this partnership for the rest of the
cities in the region as they move towards this. We all made Healthy Cities
one of our Priorities this year. This is what Healthy Cities means; it means
passing a tobacco retailer Ordinance and moving forward with multifamily
housing. We won't be the first city. In fact there's a number of other cities
that have already outlawed it in multifamily housing. We're actually playing
a little catch-up as opposed to leading on this. Joining the County in doing
this innovative partnership, I think we're showing that we can be a leader in
this. I think this is a really important thing to do. I really appreciate all the
work that's gone into this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a follow-up to one of the commenters. It's
the County that has 18-370 that the retailer loses the right to sell cigarettes
if a new person obtains ownership within 500 feet. As he pointed out, that's
a new rule that's come in, that has a major impact on life savings. Does this
make sense?

Ms. Cox: The County has a non-transferability clause in our tobacco retail
permit. If there is a change in ownership, the grandfathering provision that
the business had is lost as a result. The reason for doing this, the County
has placed limits on having any new businesses be located near schools and

                                                                          Page 58 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
