                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We might agree with it in principal. We might also see that
there are a couple of mechanisms to reduce it. One is attrition. We get gas
stations that close up, and over time we have fewer gas stations. We even
have fewer grocery retail outlets. That's an attrition, but that's different
from a change in ownership restriction. I don't know how much it would
reduce the resale value of a business. I think that's a separate subset of
how we would long term go about reducing the number of tobacco sale sites.
I'm sorry. Is it Nicole, is that right? If we struck "(f)(2)" from our local
Ordinance, we didn't add anything to the Ordinance. It just meant that one
aspect of what you would enforce would be excluded. Is there a big problem
there?

Mr. Bobel: Rather than put poor little Nicole on the spot, let me remind you
you're not actually adopting our Ordinance tonight. You're directing us to go
back and—you could direct us to in the process of drafting our own
Ordinance work with the attorneys at the County—Nicole isn't in that office—
and see what we could work out.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Mr. Bobel: The other thing I would say on that same point is there's two
parts to it. One is change of ownership and the other is a new facility. I
think the new facility part of it is not going to happen. It's theoretical only.
The change of ownership thing, at least it's possible that would occur. The
new facility part of it really is not going to happen.

Mayor Burt: Right. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just to give a little perspective. This came to
Policy and Services two or three times over the last 2 years. I think I'm the
only person that was in all those meetings over the 2 years. Just to
summarize, I think we were attracted to the idea of the County enforcing
this. Thank you for that. I think it was always a discussion to be had. This
kind of detail never really came to Policy and Services. I don't think we ever
really saw this Ordinance.

Mr. Bobel: We didn't talk about the 500-foot thing, no.

Council Member Dubois: Right. This is kind of a new thing that's popping
up tonight. The other thing we're agreeing to is to agree to all future
changes to this Ordinance. Right?

Mr. Bobel: Yes, it says that. That would be our intent. On the other hand,
if we felt strongly and didn't adopt it, then the County would be faced with
the decision of would they curtail the program in our area—frankly cutting
                                                                          Page 62 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
