                         TRANSCRIPT
that really means between now and July 2nd, 2 months, you've got to again
do more due diligence, which we would recommend would involve engaging
TBWB, who is the outreach messaging firm, who again paired with FM3 in
our last election to do outreach.      I think absolutely that would be a
necessity. We've already gotten a few comments with this just being on the
Agenda from the business community. The Chamber saying what's going on
and what sort of outreach has there been. Clearly we've got to do some
outreach. Even that would be pretty truncated. I will tell you that we've
already spoken with TBWB to make sure that they would be available. We're
in a position to support that if that's what the Council wants to do. The
thinking would be following that in early June after the results of some of
that outreach, FM3, Dave would be here to again do a follow-up poll, a
potential tracking poll of some sort. The results of that could sort of inform
your final decision on a go/no go decision for 2016. I think it would be best
to, unless I've missed something, Dave, to turn it back to you all for your
questions and comments. We're both here to answer your questions.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Let's start off with questions. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me just pick up, Jim, where you left off. While
this is a question, I need to put a piece of information into it. I heard from
the head of our Chamber of Commerce yesterday, Judy Kleinberg, who was
somewhat dismayed, which is probably too mild, saying that businesses
really hadn't been contacted, that they learned about this at the last minute.
What I recall reflecting on, Jim—you might mention this—is that when this
was on the ballot the last time, when I was not here, that seemed to also be
the same situation. Am I correct? It seemed too rushed or it seemed that
you didn't reach out to businesses sufficiently.

Mr. Keene: No, I mean, of course, last time there was a business license
tax; I think it was in 2009; maybe it was 2010. We actually didn't do any
polling for that particular measure. We actually had—I mean, I think we had
such effective outreach that it galvanized a very strong opposition group of
business folks. We had really no—there was no sort of parallel campaign in
a sense. I can't remember what it was, but we were under 50 percent
obviously and (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt:    Can I wade in there?      There was a lot of outreach.          We
modified...

Council Member Kniss: To businesses?



                                                                      Page 111 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
