                         TRANSCRIPT
better project. So far, what I've been hearing previously on this Council is
that it doesn't matter if it makes it a better project, if it doesn't meet the
exact zoning and the Code, we should turn it down. I'm really glad to say if
we vote for this, that we're moving away from that fundamentalist approach
that we'd started to take toward zoning. I wanted to say that. The other
thing that I wanted to basically comment on was the affordable housing
issue. This is a little confusing to me. Every time something comes to our
Council, and someone says they need a hardship exception—here, the
hardship exception is that it would cost the developer too much money to
provide the units onsite as opposed to paying the in-lieu fees. We always
ask for documentation. I don't think in seven years of being on Council I've
ever actually had someone just say, "It costs too much money," and provide
no pro forma, provide no documentation, not prove it. I'd really like to see
some proof that they actually need that. On the other hand, there is a good
argument that two units in $4 million homes for affordable housing doesn't
necessarily make a lot of sense. I'd be the first to acknowledge that. The
issue really here is that it's so much less money that the developer should
pay by going ahead with the in-lieu fee. I think the developer should
probably pay more than what they're paying in the 7 1/2 percent or they
should provide the units. I think there should be some compromise based
on "if you want a hardship exemption, how much money can you actually
afford? What is your return? Why do you need the hardship exemption? If
so, should you pay more?"            I don't really believe that, in most
circumstances, if a subdivision of 16 units came to this Council of $4 million
homes, we would say, "You don't have to provide the affordable housing per
our Code, which requires onsite units." If we're going to make an exception
to that Code, which we're doing here, we should have a good reason to do
so. I'm fine with being flexible, but the developer should basically set forth
why they need that exception. It shouldn't just be "it's too expensive" with
no backup of the data. If I had the backup and I had a pro forma, and it
said it's too expensive, I'd understand and I'd say, yes, because I believe in
being flexible. That may make the most sense, but what is the right amount
of the fee given how much money you're going to make, given your return
and those kind of things. Those are my initial thoughts on the project.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: On the issue of the path, I think Clemo is kind of
the best path there is. It's really not that—it's four houses away. I think
cutting a path between the homes is going to cut down on the lot size and
impact the privacy of those units. $4.2 million for affordable housing. I
think the argument that that can pay for more units elsewhere is actually a
good one in this case, given the size of these houses. We have a fee policy.
I think we're acting consistently with that practice. I don't think we should
                                                                          Page 6 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
