                          TRANSCRIPT
of how many parking spaces are there and how many want them. It's
really, as most of the public has said tonight, more than that. It's about
neighborhood quality, safety, the impacts of having streets that are jammed
with parked cars, and the traffic that puts those cars there. That's the real
issue here. Going through this, why is this so hard? It feels like we're
almost trying to do a custom plan for each neighborhood with all this
outreach.     I'm reading here we'll conduct a community outreach and
stakeholder process to design a program for each area. I thought the point
of the Citywide plan was that we wouldn't have to do that. We could do
these things fast. We'd have a framework in place, and we could just do
them. If we have to customize, what are the differences? It seems to be
based on differences in stakeholder demand, because that's what we're
talking about, stakeholder outreach and stuff like this. It seems to me
there's two kinds of stakeholders.           There's residents and there's
nonresidents, mostly commuters that want to use that parking resource. In
terms of outreach, I think the residents have been very consistent from
neighborhood to neighborhood here. I don't think there's big differences
between the resident perspective. Residents need to be at the top of the
pyramid. This is not a situation where we've got a bag of marbles, and we
divide them between everybody that puts up their hand.             An unsafe
neighborhood does not suddenly become safe because there's ten other
guys that want the space. The RPP is about protecting neighborhoods as
directed in the Comp Plan. It is the plan for residents. The plan for
businesses is TDM. If City Hall don't believe in that, then we have a big self-
deception problem. This is the plan of record, and the plan of record is the
plan of record until there's a new plan of record. We need to get on with
this. Let's fix the resident problem, and then go focus on transportation. To
me, Evergreen and Southgate seem very, very clear. I think we should
move forward with those as fast as we can. As far as Crescent Park and
Edgewood are concerned, I'd like to understand there's a petitioning process
and are the petitions meet our criteria. I'd like to see us move forward with
those too if that's the case. I don't want to make a Motion yet, because I
want everybody else to weigh in. I think the key elements are going to be
timeliness. Some accommodation for visitors is reasonable as long as
neighborhood quality is protected. One of the members suggested 10
percent is the right magnitude; I think that's maybe a good starting point.
The pricing and the mechanics out to be consistent with the Downtown plan
because that's the framework we've got in place. I'd like other people to
weigh in before we move forward. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Who wants to go next? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm also not going to make a Motion yet. I'll
follow Council Member Filseth's lead and say let's—I'm happy to hear what
                                                                        Page 92 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
