                          TRANSCRIPT
whenever we're talking with our lobbyists, when we're talking with our State
representatives and working across partner agencies in the regions we can
have a united message saying that we support that and here's why it's
important.

Mr. Bobel: While you're thinking, I'll just say that our Chief Sustainability
Officer, Gil, wanted you to know that a number of cities have created a
position along the lines of what you were describing earlier, a resiliency
person.

Council Member Wolbach: Just a couple of other things to throw out for
consideration. I think it was mentioned in the Staff Report it was Alviso
where the first floor, as you mentioned, is designated as a floodable area,
essentially, in flood zones. That's something we should consider. We do
need to start thinking about, as far as adaptation, areas that are in
potentially flooded areas in the future, especially where we have single-story
overlays and we have height restrictions, how do we square that with a first
floor that needs to be floodable and you don't want people sleeping in and
you don't want the critical components on. That might mean some tough
discussions, but we're not talking about the next couple of years here; we're
talking about 50-100 years down the line. We need to be ready for that
long-range thinking.

Mayor Burt: I just have a couple of questions and follow up. First, under
the SAFER program, we have a 36-inch levee increase. Is that 36 inches
plus freeboard and we don't have existing freeboard? Is that the case?

Mr. Bobel: Yes. It wouldn't just be our existing levee plus three feet, which
would only be, say, 13 feet. I believe the 16—is it 18? That example we
showed in that slide is sort of the SAFER project with 18 feet, with all those
different things stacked one on top of another.

Mayor Burt: It's about a 4 1/2-foot increase over our current levee height?

Mr. Bobel: No, our current levee height is 10. Let's find the slide. Current
levee height is more like 10. In some places we don't actually even achieve
10, 9-something. This would be 18, so it would be eight feet higher. This
slide showed all the various components of that 18 feet.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. I think just the notion of whether to do a State and
local-driven and funded project, I think, is the right way to go about it in all
likelihood. We might not even get a complete core study by 2050. As much
as that elicits mirth, it's not far from the truth. I want to return to this
question of the economic impact onto properties at risk. I think we really do
want to know that. It's not our only consideration, but it's certainly a big
                                                                         Page 22 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
