                          TRANSCRIPT
it's just really generating revenue from the business community, where that
revenue has dropped off over the years. I think that's kind of my main
thought.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: If we do go back for another round of questions,
I would like to see us also ask questions about other funding mechanisms,
like specifically a parcel tax. As was stated before by a couple of people, I
would also want to see clarification, real clear questions about what the
impact of our measure, whatever type it is, would have on the VTA measure,
so we can gauge that.            I would like to see real clarity among our
respondents about how they feel about it if it is a general tax measure.
Whether it's on businesses or it's on parcels, how they would feel about it
even if it was earmarked or suggested to be earmarked for transportation if
it wasn't legally required, if it was a 50 percent plus one measure. I'd like to
have clarity about how that polls. Looking at the results. Somebody else
referred to it, but we've got 76 percent of people saying the cost of housing
is an extreme or very serious problem. Only 53 percent saying traffic and
congestion on local roads and streets is extremely or very serious. I
expected those to be inverted. I see them both as two of the top four
challenges facing our community and the region. I'm glad that those are
both polling along with the drought very high, but I think maybe we should
start talking whether—looking at these numbers and what the community is
saying their top priorities are, maybe we should start talking about a broader
funding measure to address some of the bigger challenges like affordable
housing and transportation and water recycling and sea level resilience. If
we're talking about something like that, maybe we do need to spend more
time putting it together, putting a plan together, kind of the next step past
our Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee (IBRC) and say these are the
major challenges we're facing for the next decade or the next 20 years.
Let's really take time to figure out what are priorities, put together a
package and come in 2018. There are a lot of questions here. I don't have
a Motion at this time.

Mayor Burt: Dave.

Mr. Metz: Thank you, Mayor. If I could just make one point. Since a
number of Council Members have asked about the impact of the City
measure on the VTA measure. One way we can potentially model what that
might look like out of this poll is to look at the proportion of respondents
who offered stronger support for a City tax than they did for the VTA tax,
which preceded it. That means voters who knew there was a VTA tax,
expressed an opinion on it, then heard the City tax and expressed higher

                                                                        Page 123 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
