                         TRANSCRIPT
smattering of some of the upcoming meetings that we have. Discussion
next week related to the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP), and
there's a relationship obviously between the Comp. Plan and the S/CAP.
There were some handouts that we had out earlier discussing that
relationship. We've got a joint meeting with the CAC regarding housing in
February. You will be seeing the Draft EIR fiscal analysis coming up next
month as well. We have a number of other meetings with the CAC, the
Council, and the subcommittees, which aren't listed up here, over the course
of the next year. I would like to note at the bottom that we are planning
some future meetings with the Council, partially reflected here, most
importantly in June bring back L-8 for consideration by this body, because
you guys didn't get to finish the last time we were here. I know Hillary
wanted to make some brief comments, but that concludes my presentation.
At this time, we'll turn the conversation back over to you and what we'd
hoped to hear from you tonight, any questions you might have about what
we've done, the process so far, and any thoughts or suggestions you have
as we continue this process into this new year. Thank you very much.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Jeremy. I really don't have anything to add at
this point we’re, of course, available for your questions. I'd just say again
we're not really expecting Action this evening.        We're hoping to get
questions and comments from you, particularly about looking forward in the
process. I want to acknowledge Council Member DuBois provided some
comments, which we responded to, making clear that we do expect to
schedule more meetings with the City Council than was shown in the
attachment to the original Staff Report. Jeremy talked about some of those
related to housing, growth management, policies. Also a hearing on the
Draft EIR, and at some point we'll ask the Council to identify the preferred
scenario that will ultimately move forward in alignment with the
Comprehensive Plan Update. That would happen after the public comment
period and everybody gets a chance to weigh in on the our scenarios, what
they like, what they don't like, what they'd like to add, what they'd like to
change. The Council will get the enviable opportunity to synthesize all of
that input and come up with a final scenario to move forward in the planning
process. Thanks very much.

Mr. Dennis: I had one last thing, just to remind the CAC Members here.
This is a joint meeting, so we're hoping for participation from you as well.
You're not just listening. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask
those. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I also want to thank the CAC Members for both
being here tonight and for all the very extensive work that you're doing.
One of the reasons that we're particularly looking forward to this discussion
                                                                           Page 45 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
