                          TRANSCRIPT
question of our Staff. Under the proposal that we have here, which doesn't
have the CUP for office, do we have that ability to add ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: It does actually have the CUP for office, because there's
a tiny bit of office. There's 500 or 600 feet.

Mayor Burt: A very small amount. We do have that authority to add that
condition?

Ms. Silver: This is a tough issue, because the increment for the required
BMR is 95 percent. That 95 percent is being paid as a fee instead of
providing ...

Mayor Burt: 95 percent of what? Say that again.

Ms. Silver: Point 95? Yes. The requirement under our BMR Ordinance is
1.95 units. Since our ordinance requires that if it's an increment like that,
they have to pay a fee rather than rounding up. If the applicant is willing to
provide that extra unit as a voluntary measure, that would be fine. If not, in
order to require it as a condition, you would have to link it to one of your
discretionary permits.

Council Member Kniss: Let's ask the applicant. May we?

Mayor Burt: Yep. Do we have an applicant's response to ...

Council Member Kniss: You're all but five percent to a second BMR unit.
You could really endear yourselves to the community.

Mr. Hayes: They don't think they can support that second unit.

Council Member Kniss: They can't go that extra five percent.

Mr. Hayes: The office is a big hit as well.

Mr. Ma: I think if the office component is being completely changed to—the
entire ground floor is retail now. That obviously changes our project in our
eyes. To take the BMR unit which was going to be an in-lieu fee and force
that as a full entitled BMR unit is quite a bit of change to our project as we
envisioned it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: Could I finish my (crosstalk)?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

                                                                       Page 49 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
