                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I support this strongly, and it is time for us to do
this. At the same time, just to express in public that it's frustrating to work
with the State, one of the few states in the country that doesn't differentiate
between the front and the back of the restaurant. I said this in our meeting
as well. I worked my way through college doing this. We always shared our
tips way back then. I think we actually spent a couple of hours discussing
this at Committee. We very carefully looked at what the Cities Association
had done. I think it's very regional in its nature and important that it's
regional. I'm troubled that we would depart too much from that. I'm glad
that, Tom, you added what you did to this. Basically, I think it takes us
where we said we would go, which is we finally get—you've got a sign over
here that says $15 by '18. I think we're going a bit higher than that. I think
that we've taken this to another level. I think that's very important. As I
said, I still realize that when the restaurants come and talk to us, they have
a valid issue.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, let me say I really appreciate all the work
that Staff's done on this. You've done a tremendous amount of research,
put together a great presentation, come back to us repeatedly, even
answered questions on the fly, which I really appreciate. I also want to
thank everybody from business and also from the community, whether
regionally or mostly from Palo Alto, both Palo Alto residents who are
concerned about this issue and those who own, operate and manage Palo
Alto businesses, most of which I enjoy frequenting.           Just personally,
selfishly, I sure don't want to see you guys go out of business, because I
enjoy dining at your establishments. There are a few things that were
mentioned that I think are worth addressing and relevant to this Motion.
This question of tip credit, tipped employees and this idea that we should
automatically change our Code if the State law changes and that we should
advocate through our lobbyist to the State of California to change the State
law. There's a claim made that—I think we've heard it a lot—the reason
Palo Alto is not in favor of differentiating between tipped employees or going
for total compensation is that we're scared of a lawsuit, we're scared
somebody is going to sue us or it's an administrative burden. I actually
reject that. I actually agree with the State law. I think the State law is a
good one. I'm glad that California is a leader, and we are not following the
national trend. The reason for that is perhaps a philosophical one, but it
really comes down to the question of what is the nature of a tip. Is a tip
considered part of the compensation from the employer to the employee? I
don't share that view. A tip is a transaction between the customer and the
                                                                        Page 84 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
