                          TRANSCRIPT
years ago with Diane Reklis. I would like to second her reminder of our
pretty unified agreement that we need a community needs assessment for
that part of town. Hearing a bit of the history from a number of Council
Members recently has reinforced the understanding of how the area has
developed north and south. Because of the way that the City developed, a
number of the buildings and to address community needs were a little bit
more centralized on the northern part of the City. I think that kind of falls
right in line with the need to—now that that other side of the City has been
so developed over more than 20 years, 30 years, 40 years, 50 years, we
have an increased population and need of services, particularly for the
elderly and young in the community. There are all sorts of childcare needs
that are very specific to Cubberley. There are childcare services for six
months and under that are provided there, that are not available very easily
in other parts of either Mountain View or Palo Alto. It's very critical that we
look at all of these issues just as was stated in our report of a couple years
ago. I'm very encouraged to hear what's been happening with Avenidas.
There was a comment made about the amount being not a big deal to the
City or to them. As somebody who has worked in nonprofits for a very long
time, I would like to just state that I'm sure that money means a great deal
to Avenidas. The question about the Friends of the Library. During 2004 to
2012, Friends of the Palo Alto Library donated over $2 million to purchase
much-needed library books, media, online resources, equipment and unique
programs for Palo Alto's five public libraries. That was from 2004 to 2012.
Since then, they've increased their online sales. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our last speaker is ...

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor, could she finish the statement she was
going to make, because it was in response to a question that I had posed?
Could she finish her sentence?

Mayor Burt: Sure. If you have something substantive to add.

Council Member Holman: If it's more information in it.

Ms. Bouchard: The substance of that was pretty much state the amount
that's readily available. Their website needs updating because all of their
focus goes to dealing with the vast swarms of materials that the place is
inundated with. They are swimming in books. They have nowhere to put
them. Thanks.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Our final speaker is Penny Ellson.     Thank you.
Welcome.


                                                                        Page 22 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
