                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I was just curious. Maybe later. For the levee
planning, where did the 55 inches come from? I didn't really—sometimes
you're talking about three feet, sometimes you're talking about 55 inches.

Ms. Struve: There are lots of different planning levels. The State of
California has a different one for the Bay Area. Basically, what we're using is
the BCDC planning level. Their jurisdiction is the shoreline and 100 feet in.
Any project that is in the band has to meet their requirements. They asked
projects on the shore to plan for 55 inches of sea level rise by 2100.

Mr. Bobel: Of course, that raises the obvious question, why is the SAFER
project then not using this 55-inch figure? Why in the SAFER plan is three
feet of sea level, 36 inches, being proposed? That sort of brings to focus
this principle that I mentioned, that—actually two principles. One we
haven't talked about tonight. Kirsten mentioned. One principle is that you
should be ready for more change. The base of the levee would be designed
so that it could be raised above 36 inches, but it's only now being designed
for 36 inches. That's one principle, have engineering features that are
flexible over time. The other principle is the design life of the facility. You
could conclude that facilities should be designed just for the period of time of
their engineering life. In the case of the SAFER project, as I understand it,
it's being designed for 2050. The sea level rise projection is consistent with
that 55 inches by the end of the century, 36 inches by 2050. That's another
way of explaining the difference.

Council Member DuBois: I saw you had another policy about using the best
science. That'll probably be a topic we'll discuss when this comes back in
future projects.

Mr. Bobel: Right. You could say that, given this huge range of uncertainty,
it actually makes sense to do things incrementally as long as you don't give
up the ability to do something even stronger in the future.

Council Member DuBois: A question on the Army Corps of Engineers'
shoreline study. Byxbee Island is shown in the drawing here. We've got
Google and Facebook, I think, which are susceptible. Are companies like
that involved? How can we escalate the priority in the north county if the
Army Corps is focused south right now?

Ms. Struve: They are involved. Google, for example, is funding a study with
the San Francisco Estuary Institute on resilience and shoreline issues. The
South Bay shoreline study that the Army Corps did was prioritized as the
whole area was split up into economic impact areas. They chose the one
that had the highest economic impact to go first, and that was San Jose.
Because there is a big treatment plant there as well and a lot of parcels that
                                                                         Page 12 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
