                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did wonder about increasing the hours. What we
thought if that would get more use, if that would be a useful thing for people
to be able to finish studying. When I talk to parents and I know my kid,
they're not stopping studying at 9:00 P.M.. It goes well beyond that. I
guess I just wanted to get some sense, when we do look at these Library
hours, if we do spend more money on Library hours, what would be the
most useful and efficient in terms of serving the people in the community
(crosstalk).

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: I think we should do a study just to get a better
sense of which libraries are busiest which hours, survey the neighborhoods
around there, and have some community conversations around that too.
Engage them in discussing what are the priorities for them as parents or
teens, understanding that better.

Vice Chair McDougall: We know from keeping the libraries open during
study time that that is really popular. Of course, the popcorn helps too.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: For the last two, three years now, we've been
doing a study hall essentially during finals week. If you have a student ID,
you are allowed to stay until 10:00 P.M. We use just the first floor of
Mitchell Park and the teen center. We have activities to help them deal with
stress. We have snacks. We have other things. Different principals have
come by. Teens have been there, and it has been very successful. We plan
to continue that for that last hour. That may be one of the indicators.
Maybe during finals week, we find out if we were here every night until
10:00 P.M., what does that mean for you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll also add my voice to those saying thank you
very much for the work you're doing, Monique, and the rest of the Library
Staff and the Commission. I was liaison last year to the Library Advisory
Commission. It was clear then and it's clear based on this Study Session,
this report that, as others have said, our libraries are in good hands. Thank
you very much. Please keep up the good work. One thing I actually wanted
to ask about. On Slide 14, you talked about the collection of foreign
language materials growing. I just had two kind of follow-up questions.
What are the most popular languages that are being checked out and being
utilized currently? What are the language areas for our foreign language
collections which you've seen the most demand for that's currently lacking,
                                                                       Page 17 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
