  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

now on this is his 9th year on City Council. Nine is a good number for Pat.
I’ve been really impressed with Pat’s focus on the issues, his understanding
of them, his in depth knowledge, and also his commitment to the
community, his focus on sustainability. So Pat’s office is actually fairly close
to mine on California Avenue and I have to tell you I always see Pat on his
bicycle. I never see him ride his car. So he’s one of those people that talks
the talk and then rides the ride. So that’s very impressive. And just before
I leave that I had to say that our Council meetings have typically gone past
midnight all the way sometimes to one in the morning and Pat it’s raining
outside, he’s on his bike and he leaves on his bike. Very impressive. The
other thing I wanted to say is Pat is really impressive in terms of his
commitment to a sustainable community and to Pat that’s been fiscal
sustainability, his reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, his work on that.
Overall you just have to say that he is someone who really focuses on the
issues he cares about and he gets it done what he cares about. Pat Burt.

Pat Burt, Mayor: Thank you, Greg, and thank everyone for attending tonight.
It’s a Wednesday evening and it’s great to have everybody come out and
enjoy this great Community Center and this is the building that we’re
enjoying tonight. We’ve had the great pleasure of proceeding over the last
few years on addressing what had been a many decade challenge to
renovate our buildings and our streets and our overall infrastructure. You as
citizens voted a bond measure to rebuild our libraries and Community Center
here and I have to say that most of us think it is just an incredible,
wonderful set of buildings and we really view it as a new community
gathering place and not merely a place for books.

So we also had the opportunity to rebuild our Rinconada, what had been our
previous main library and it’s just gorgeous and warm and has its own teen
center and we’ve been able to really start seeing what we can have after
we’ve – we had had around 50 years without major investment in any of our
civic buildings. We had been living and taking advantage of the investment
of two generations before us. So we have now as a community and as a City
Council have really committed over the last several years to invest in our
future.

This is California Avenue that is really for many of us it’s our second
downtown, but for many of us it’s the community downtown. It’s not where
we have a regional set of visitors so much as where we have local people
and it had been an historic district going all the way back to when it was the
Town of Mayfield before Palo Alto existed and it really hadn’t changed a heck
of a lot. And we have now made it a safer, more inviting, more attractive,
                                                                             Page 2 of 18
                                                                State of the City Address
                                                                                  2/24/16
