                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'm sorry, but Staff said they were requiring that, and that was
Council Member Holman's ...

Mr. Keene: We've answered that twice.

Mayor Burt: ... question. They were going to come back and provide the ...

Council Member Schmid: If you read Number B under "6" ...

Mayor Burt: No, let's allow Staff to respond to that, because they've—you
just made an assertion that is actually different from what they stated
earlier. We'll seek clarification.

Mr. Bobel: Let me just try to clarify that. I apologize for the location of this,
where you look for it.       Remember that this one-page handout is an
attachment to Recommendation Number 5.                What it says, it's in the
sentence where it's listing several things, so I'll read the whole sentence.

Mayor Burt: Which number, Phil?

Mr. Keene: Number 6.

Mr. Bobel: It's Number 6 on the back side.

Council Member Schmid: Can you read the qualification before Number 6?

Mr. Bobel: Before Number 6?

Council Member Schmid: Yes. It says will apply if adopted.

Mr. Keene: That's right. If you don't take an action on it (inaudible) adopt
it. This is exactly the point we're making. We want you to adopt it.

Mr. Bobel: That's what we meant by "if adopted tonight." The City will
expand fill station specifications that must be implemented by contractors to
address water pressure issues, including separate pumps for neighbors, a
flow meter with data logger, and then it goes on to another one which is a
sidewalk bridge for hoses for safety. The key is that mentioned in a series of
things with others, which is where it gets confusing, we say a flow meter
with data logger. What that means is they have to install a device that
measures the flow, and then they have to have another device that keeps
track of that, so that we know the total over time and can read it at any
time we want to go read it.

Council Member Schmid: That's in a fill station. Does every gallon go into a
fill station?
                                                                         Page 62 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
