                         TRANSCRIPT
comments at least initially back in advance. The Clerk also passed out a copy
of that before you all. I turn it back to you, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Burt: We have this document that the City Manager was referring to,
the major initiatives under our existing Priorities. That's aligned as we have on
the back wall.      This document which is actually, I think, primarily, not
exclusively, around areas of recommendations for special consideration by the
Council, under Item Number 3 today which is discussion of topics for a special
Committee of the Whole and Council Study Sessions. Some of these may very
well be ones that Council Members want to say no, I want to discuss it under
the Priorities themselves. I'm not trying to limit that in any way, but I'm just
trying to frame what we have before us.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, one last thing. I apologize. There's one anomaly in the
mix which is this big sheet of paper here that's in front of you, that looks like
this. This is actually a potential revised scheduled on the Comprehensive Plan.
The Staff is just providing this to you because in one of your most recent
meetings you actually directed us to bring a revised schedule on the Comp Plan
to the Retreat. My own sense is I can't imagine that the Comp Plan, as a
project, isn't going to be one of your Priorities. I don't know that that's
something you need to deal with in this first pass of setting the Priorities. It
may be something you want to have more discussion later on in the meeting.
Thanks.

Council Member DuBois: Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Council Member DuBois: At 11:45, we have this Council Priorities projects
item. Could you just explain again how you see this discussion going? Right
now, we're going to be proposing additions, and then we would talk about them
then. Is that the idea?

Mayor Burt: The distinction is between projects and Priorities. In this section,
we're talking about actually the naming of Priorities. Subsequently would be
where we'd go into, once we've agreed upon Priorities, talk about projects and
particular areas of focus within those Priorities.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: Same kind of question. We have Priorities. Do we
have something between Priorities and projects? What I'm thinking of, just to
mention it specifically, is our airplane noise. Do we have anything that doesn't
quite come up to Priority? Have we ever named something like that? Area of
focus or of special concern or some other terminology.
                                                                         Page 29 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
