                          TRANSCRIPT
other things. With that said, I do think—I agree with the Mayor. I do think
we need to set up that Section 115 trust, and I think $750,000 would be a
good start.

Mayor Burt: That's on top of last year.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's on top of last year, right. I totally agree with
that. Have we set up the trust already? I guess I was confused.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought you said we found people to do it, but I didn't
know we'd actually set up a trust.

Mr. Perez: We're in the process.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's all great. I did have some questions on
the tree trimming. This is where I'm coming from on the tree trimming. My
concern is that I never want to make the community worse frankly. The
question is, is this a budget savings where it's more efficient and we're doing
it every 10 years and there aren't going to be costs to it, or are we actually
making things worse that'll be noticeable, i.e., there will be dead tree limbs
falling or the trees will look worse, the quality of life will degrade perceptibly
or, frankly, there will be more legal risks because we're not trimming the
trees appropriately. Have we factored that into the cost? I guess, Walter,
maybe you could address that. I did want to get a quick sense from our City
Attorney, if she thought there were any added legal risks going from a 7-
year period to a 10-year period.

Mr. Keene: Walter, I have expertise in a lot areas, but don't look at me. I
don't know anything about tree trimming. This is you.

Mr. Passmore: Obviously, going from a 7-year to a 10-year is going to have
a likelihood to increase the amount of dead wood. We have a potential to
increase falling limbs. It could potentially increase our liability. However, a
10-year cycle is still within the recommended range. It is a range that
actually few cities fund. We're still doing good in comparison to other cities.
I don't think that most people are going to notice a significant difference
between a 7-year and a 10-year cycle. We still have the same amount of
demand work funded in this budget. If there's anything that's critical that's
identified, we'll take care of it. We are going to reduce the amount of
routine pruning, so there are implications to that. We do think it's very
likely that there will be some reduction in the benefits that the trees produce
overall. We're spending a little bit less now, but it also comes with a cost of
reducing some of the production that our urban forest has as far as air
                                                                               Page 49 of 100
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
