                          TRANSCRIPT
The idea is that we pair volunteers alongside the pros so that they can learn
and be trained. In the process, they save us a ton of money on operating
expense, but they help us generate a very, very high quality product. That's
what allows us to actually present productions that companies several times
our size cannot afford, because we have that engagement. Those volunteers
get registered with Foothill College, and they get credit toward their
degrees.     They help spread the word about the productions in the
community, and they bring their own families to see what we're doing. That
explains our over 400 community donors and our more than 500 community
subscribers to our season. The third key to our success is of course the
access we have to the Lucie Stern Theatre and its staff which saves us again
a tremendous amount of money in venue rental, and gives us a theatre
that's equipped with what we need to present fully staged opera. Our
thanks to the Staff and of course to the City of Palo Alto for giving us that
resource. Of course, we look forward to many more years of collaboration.
For 2016, I want to highlight a couple of strategic focus areas. One is we
want to expand our Opera in the Schools Program, a program that now
reaches over 20,000 school children every year with an abridged 40-minute
long opera that we present in English but with costumes and with
opportunities for the children to be actually on stage and engaging in the
experience of what opera really is, with professional singers, with portable
sets and with a professional accompanist. The other thing we are trying to
do is improve our own building. The Holt Building which was actually
donated by the community to the company in 1982 needs improvements, of
course, after 40 years of service. We're well underway with a campaign to
raise money to improve the building and to establish also an endowment
that might help us weather the ups and downs of the economy. On the
issue of education, I should point out also that we are trying to energize a
partnership with high schools, not just grade schools, with the idea of
engaging teenagers in some areas of technology including robotics, video
production, and video games as applied to anything related to opera
production. We think those are areas where the kids can come in from an
area of interest or strength of their own and discover a whole world 400
years old of richness in the cultural layers that opera has. Last but not least,
our next show coming up now, Eugene Onegin, Tchaikovsky opera based on
a Pushkin novel and verse. We're presenting it in Russian, opening on the
19th with a free preview on the 11th at the Lucie Stern Ballroom. We
encourage you to come and see it. We have a phenomenal cast and very,
very interesting setting for it. You can see the contact information on the
screen. I think that—we may have one more thing, but I think that covers—
that's it. Contact information, and you have a copy of the postcard on your
desks. Happy to answer any questions. Thank you very much for your time
and your attention.

                                                                         Page 17 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
