                          TRANSCRIPT
maybe in the spring. We've also really early on—when we kicked off this
process, we had a little bit of discussion about a quantitative model tied to
the Comp. Plan and how do we think about priorities and goals in various
elements. I'd be really curious if you guys think we should have some kind
of prioritization mechanism for goals. One of the ideas was thinking that the
highest priority would be kind of existing conditions, infrastructure, quality of
life type issues. A second priority after that would be new programs and
new services. Maybe there's another tier of things that have to do with our
regional reputation or being a regional destination. Some kind of framework
like that, because when you look at the Comp. Plan, if you look at individual
elements, there's something in there for everybody, but how do you weigh
things off relative to each other. When we get to the Draft EIR, I'm really
curious on some feedback in terms of obviously the scenarios, but also the
number of scenarios to consider. As we go through this process, the public
gets to comment on the EIR. If we have a large number of scenarios, it
becomes very difficult for the public to ask questions. It's clearly a work in
progress. I have a question that I'll ask, and I'm curious if anybody shares
the question. Is the timing right to do the Draft EIR? It feels like we still
have a lot of open questions. I fully support the idea of doing some kind of
planning study to look at the impacts of these various scenarios, but I'm
wondering if we should just do that as a study, and do the EIR when we're a
little bit more honed in on viable options.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, let me say thank you to the Staff and to the
CAC. Comparing where we are now—as much as we have some flexibility
left and some unanswered questions about how we go forward and how we
finish up this process, I think where we are right now compared to where we
were a year ago and the level of comfort that we feel as a Council and a
community about the process of finishing and developing this updated
Comprehensive Plan and making sure that it really reflects the community, I
think we're in a much better place. If any of my colleagues disagree with
me, please speak up. I think we've really made a huge amount of progress.
There's clearly still more to do. I have a couple of big questions, maybe a
couple of sub-questions, but a couple of big questions about the process. A
couple of them might be rhetorical and kind of hints for the CAC and for
Staff. I also have a couple of questions about the content. On process, I
guess my big three—each has maybe some nuance to it. Is the direction
and the guidance that the Council has provided, that we provided at our
various meetings, like when we talked about the land use element on
November 2nd, when the direction from Staff comes through and gets to the
CAC, is it seen as limiting and constraining or is it seen as guiding and
encouraging? Is it "here's the direction we want you to go out in the
                                                                              Page 53 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
