                          TRANSCRIPT
what's in your Packet is our draft documents from that study. We didn't
have time to wait for the study to be finalized, because we have some
decisions that we need to make in the coming two months. This Study
provided us with a lot of really useful data. They looked at other suburban
communities that have bike share, because one of the big questions is can
bike share work in suburbia, outside of the urban core. The answer is yes.
They looked at Alexandria, Bethesda, Brookline, Rockville, Silver Spring,
Maryland, as well as Summerville, Massachusetts.             Summerville and
Brookline are a little bit denser than Palo Alto, but some of the Maryland and
Virginia suburbs are, I think, good peers for us. They basically found that
service area is the most important thing. In urban areas, it's really about
station density. They found in suburban areas it's actually better to have a
larger service area, because destinations are so far out. It's actually better
to have a large coverage area, so folks can access a larger number of
destinations. Based on the data that they collected in these other suburban
communities, they looked at what the characteristics were for the successful
stations in those communities. They modeled the densities and the land
uses in Palo Alto, Redwood City and Mountain View to determine what the
ideal system would look like for each of those cities. I'm going to show you
a map of our ideal system, which is a 35-station system generally
concentrated west of the U.S. 101 corridor, but covering the majority of the
City from north to south and also serving the Stanford Medical Center and
the Stanford Research Park. One of the developments in late 2015 was the
City of San Mateo approved a 50-bike pilot bike share system. This was
back in November. They did an interesting thing. Instead of doing their
own procurement process, they just piggy-backed off of an existing contract
between the City of Santa Monica and Social Bicycles. They were able to get
the price that Social Bicycles offered to the City of Santa Monica for those 50
bikes. Then they found a local nonprofit called Bikes Make Life Better to
actually operate the system.        Every bike share system requires three
ongoing maintenance and operations tasks. The first is repairing the bikes.
The bikes will break from time to time; they'll need tires repaired. The
second is rebalancing the bikes. A lot of the bikes tend to get clustered in
one location. In the morning, everybody would ride to Caltrain, and then
there's no bikes left in the outer neighborhoods. The bike share systems
typically rebalance the bikes during the day to make sure that there's an
equal distribution.     Then there's customer service.      If somebody calls
because their account's not working, somebody has to answer the phone or
respond to emails. Those are the three kind of ongoing operations and
maintenance costs. City of San Mateo, their 50-bike system is going to cost
85,000 for capital, and then they're going to have about $90,000 a year in
operating costs for their 50-bike system. Back in March of 2016, there was
a deadline to apply for Transportation Fund for Clean Air funding. They
purposely reduced the threshold needed to apply for bike share funding. I
                                                                           Page 6 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
