                          TRANSCRIPT
often wondered could you come in a little earlier or a little later because it
really only lasts for about an hour to an hour and a half, is my observation.
I don't know what yours is.

Ms. Jarvis: That's at the company level right now. We do have some
companies that have a specified work hour of 10:00 to 7:00 for that very
reason, so they're not contributing to traffic and so their employees aren't
sitting in that traffic. That's certainly something to consider.

Council Member Kniss: I would think that would make a big difference. As
far as the South Bay, I've often noticed that one of the biggest bottlenecks is
at Highway 85, when Highway 85 comes onto Highway 101.                  I just
sympathize with the size of San Jose which is an enormous city, but it is
incredibly spread out just as you have said. If somebody manages to figure
that out, I think that will make a big difference. San Francisco is so
concentrated, it does make it somewhat easier. Thanks for what you're
doing. I hope you will give us results since, as you know, we're hoping to
learn from you and vice versa as we go forward with this. This is new for us,
new for you. We think it has huge promise, so please let us know how
you're doing. Come back and visit.

Ms. Jarvis: Certainly. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman:         Thank you very much.       To reiterate my
Colleagues, thank you to everybody in the SRP community for the work that
you guys have done and for joining us tonight and for kind of giving us a bit
of a roadmap for the next Study Session we're going to have, which is we're
trying to create our own TMA for Downtown. Following up on Council
Member Kniss' comments, I hope you guys will continue to share with us
kind of best practices that you guys learn of what works and what doesn't.
Along those lines, Council Member Kniss asked about results. I wanted to
ask about goals. Have you guys set—forgive me if you covered this; I just
flipped through the slides and didn't see it—goals that you're hoping to
achieve with patience and time to reduce single occupancy vehicle trips to
the Research Park?

Ms. Jarvis: That's going to be one of the first things we do after we see our
survey results. We feel like it's important to know where we are before we
decide ...

Council Member Berman: I suppose that's a logical way to do things.

Ms. Jarvis: ... what we can achieve.
                                                                         Page 21 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
