                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm not—I was actually looking for Staff feedback
...

Mayor Burt: Sorry.

Council Member Wolbach: ...on that.      Depending on that, I might offer a
friendly amendment.

Mr. Lait: With respect to the Chief Sustainability Officer, no we did not
engage that office in these findings. In fact, Finding Number 6 is not one
that Staff originally was proposing as we thought it was sufficiently covered
in the City's Building Codes. This is something that is routinely looked at for
any development that takes place. Having it here is something that the ARB
was interested in having to sort of amplify the City's interest in these
important goals.      From my perspective, I don't believe that they are
necessary to the Board's review of projects because...

Council Member Wolbach: Let me ask—if I might ask a follow-up to that. Is
there a mechanism that exists by which the ARB can seek input from or at a
routine process has input from the Chief Sustainability Officer on
sustainability or is that simply handled through the Planning Codes that the
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) helps to craft in the first place, then
specific applications are handled by Planning Staff?

Mr. Lait: The latter.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll offer a friendly amendment. That prior to our
next reading of this, that Staff and the ARB have an opportunity to look at
this version with these changes to offer either approval or minor changes or
feedback.

Council Member Kniss: I would second.

Council Member Wolbach: It was hopefully a friendly amendment.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss, we allow the maker and the seconder to
accept or not accept that.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you, Pat.

Council Member Wolbach:       I am really hoping this will be a friendly
amendment, because again I do like where the changes are going. I just
want to have the comfort of knowing others have seen it.

Council Member Holman: Question for Staff first. Does Staff view these as
substantive enough to merit additional ARB review and Staff comment or are
                                                                         Page 29 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
