                          TRANSCRIPT
things that are evolving and changing. Also, to remember that we now have a
definition of what our Priorities are. I'm recalling it off the top of my head, but
they are particular areas of focus that would have abnormal emphasis over, I
think it's roughly a three-year period. At the time we adopted that first
definition of it, two-plus years ago, we moved off of Priorities certain things that
are perhaps, as we discussed at the time, core values. Trying to distinguish
what are our enduring core values that are always—what reflect our community
values versus these areas of particular focus in this nearer-term period. We
had also talked about trying to limit it to three Priorities. Last year, we ended
up saying no, we want to have four. That's what we have before us. Those are
kind of some contextual considerations as we go into this discussion. Let's
begin a somewhat open discussion. Maybe on the first cut, if colleagues would
offer up what they would suggest as their orientation on what they'd like to see
in direction. After we get those things out on the table, we can come back and
then as a group discuss what's been put on the table. Let's try and—just one
minute. In the first go-round, let's not go into the deep advocacy of those
positions, but kind of at a high level offer up your thinking. After we've heard
from each other, then we can absorb that and have dialog on it. Mr. City
Manager, you have something?

Mr. Keene: Yes, thanks, Mr. Mayor. Just a little more background just to be
sure everybody's on the same page. The Council set several years ago the
process for the Priorities which included both outreach to the community in the
late winter, sort of December period. We'd sort of open it up for feedback. We
also solicited from Council Members what your thoughts were about the
Priorities for 2016. Again, for the most part, seven or eight of you for the most
part really talked about carrying over the existing Priorities from last year.
That sort of informed our thinking in the back about grouping those four the
way they were and projects underneath it. Secondly, five or six years ago
when the Council would have its Retreat, as I recall, we would spend all day.
At the end, we would have identified the Priorities, and that was it. We've
evolved to the point where not only do you establish those Priorities, but we
much more quickly start to populate under those Priorities the kind of projects
and initiatives that would bring them to life during the course of the year. Last
year we made some progress in that regard, but I know that there was interest
in the Council in being able to let the Council have more direct feedback on the
prioritization of projects also under the project. Everything we've done and
designed has been to try to support you to do that. I would just also remind
you that we did send out to you all—you have a copy of it in front of you—the
four Priorities if they were carried over and our Staff view of the projects
underneath of those. There are 69 of them in total on here. This may be a
good document for you to work off of. You got this Thursday late in your
packet. I would just call attention to that. Lastly, the Clerk did at the Mayor's
request do some outreach to the Council. We got three Council Member
                                                                           Page 28 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
