                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We will now go to members of the public. We have three
speakers. Our first speaker is Don Tran, to be followed by Mike Amidi.

Don Tran: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. My name is
Don Tran, and I am the Community Development and Health Policy
Associate at the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. I'm here on behalf of the
Leadership Group to offer our support on the adoption of a locally based
Tobacco Retail License Program and to offer our comments on the
consideration of a multifamily smoking restriction Ordinance.               The
Leadership Group represents over 400 of Silicon Valley's most respected
employers in various public policy issues that impact the quality of life within
the Silicon Valley. Collectively as a whole, Leadership Group members
provide one of three private sector jobs within the Valley. The Leadership
Group supports the adoption of a locally based Tobacco Retail License
Program as it will regulate and enforce and encourage responsible tobacco
retail practices. A locally based program will also allow local jurisdictions to
play an impactful role in determining what would be best for their respective
communities. Ultimately, we believe that the program as demonstrated in
other cities will help drastically reduce the rate of tobacco accessibility and
also usage among minors. Regarding the consideration of smoke-free
multiunit housing ordinances within Palo Alto, there are many negative
health outcomes and dangers associated with secondhand smoke exposure.
Due to the close living quarters of these multiunit developments, we believe
that residents within these developments are at a higher risk of secondhand
smoke exposure. Thus, it's important to consider restrictions on units and
common areas of these developments. Many current landlords in other
Santa Clara County cities have already voluntarily adopted smoke-free
regulations within their properties.        It's something that should be
considered. The Leadership Group is deeply committed to advocating for
public health issues that promote health equity. We applaud the County and
City Staff for their work on these ordinances. We also want to thank the
Council for their leadership and continued dedication towards the health and
wellbeing of residents within the City of Palo Alto. Thank you for your time
and consideration.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Mike Amidi, to be followed by
our final speaker—I'm sorry I can't make it out. Ron, I believe, something.

Mike Amidi: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. My name is Mike
Amidi. I own the Valero station at 705 San Antonio Road. I submitted a
letter last week that spelled out some of my concerns with this Ordinance. I
would like to take this opportunity to highlight one of my main issues, and
that is the ability to sell my business and transfer my tobacco license in the
future. Our station is located within 500 feet of another station. Based on
                                                                          Page 54 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
