                             TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now close the public hearing and return to
the Council for discussion and Motion. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just actually briefly read the Minutes of the Finance
Committee. I thought you guys did a good job and went through most of
the issues I could think of. This strikes me as basically a cleanup of what
we're doing.    It doesn't seem like there are any huge policy issues
embedded in this, frankly. I'll just move the Staff recommendation with the
changes that they suggested.

Mayor Burt: Second. Would you like to speak to your Motion?

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to:

A.        Adopt an Ordinance which implements 2015 Parking Funds Audit
          recommendations, and updates and standardizes collection of impact
          fees by amending Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) Titles 16, 18 and
          21 including the following changes:

     i.        Add, “Section 16.64.070(d): the director may elect to appoint a
               designee to hear and decide a protest under this section;” and

     ii.       Replace the last paragraph of Section 16.64.110 with, “The
               existing rate for a fee shall remain in effect until the recalculated
               rate is adopted and effective pursuant to Section 16.64.050;”
               and

B.        Make a finding that the Ordinance is exempt from the provisions of the
          California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) under Section
          15061(b)(3) of the CEQA Guidelines.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt: I don't have anything to add either.           Vice Mayor Schmid.           I
mean Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I would like to suggest an amendment that the
strikeout on Section 16.57.07 be dropped and the text—let me read the text,
“ On an annual basis the Chief Transportation Official shall review the
estimated cost of the described in-lieu parking, the continued need for that
parking and the reasonable relationship between such need and the impacts
of pending or anticipated nonresidential development.” That is such a key
strategic issue that we are looking at across the board in terms of parking,
traffic, growth, the impact of future growth on us that I can't believe that we


                                                                             Page 85 of 90
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 11/7/16
