                          TRANSCRIPT
in a way that doesn't produce the negative impacts. There was a question
earlier—I believe Council Member Scharff asked about the traffic impacts of
housing. There's an assumption that I think is worth further exploration
about how adding housing necessarily would contribute to traffic and
parking. I don't accept those assumptions. I think that we're starting to
talk at the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) about second
units, accessory dwelling units. The question of whether people who live in
a neighborhood with a Residential Parking Program (RPP) would maybe not
be eligible for as many street permits for parking if they add an ADU, that's
part of the discussion. There's been the idea floated and I think we'll be
discussing this more, the idea of Transit-Oriented Development of housing or
housing with ground-floor retail without the density limits. You could build
as many units in that space as you want within our height limit and size
limits, but without any cars allowed on the site. I think that we're going to
be exploring what are our legal capacities to restrict the cars associated with
that kind of housing to give people who say they want to live a car-free
lifestyle. As one of the speakers tonight said, give them a chance to prove
it. Developers say that's what the market is demanding. A lot of millennials
say that's what they want. A lot of seniors say that's what they want. There
appears to be demand. I think it's time that we start exploring that in a
pilot in the City regardless of our Comprehensive Plan. I think our
Comprehensive Plan should focus on these.            I mention these just as
examples for how housing could potentially, if we're thoughtful, if we're
creative, if we're listening to concerns of our residential neighborhoods, how
we can add housing without all the assumed negative impacts that Staff
currently assumes. I don't mean to beat up on Staff. I think you've put a
tremendous amount of work in here. I really do appreciate it. As Council
Member Filseth said, this is pretty cool stuff. There is a housing crisis
destroying our community and Silicon Valley. It is less severe when you
look at the nine counties of the Bay Area as a whole. The closer you get to
Palo Alto and San Francisco, the worse it gets. We really are one of the
epicenters of this problem. It does result from decades of adding jobs and
being addicted to job growth, but not having the housing growth to go with
it. The question is now do we want to turn around, do we want to reverse
course on the trend of the last few decades, do we want to fulfill our legal
but also our regional and our moral responsibility to allow housing to be
built. We don't have to give housing to everybody. This is a common straw
man argument used against housing advocates. People who say they want
housing—millennials ask for housing, they're asking that they just be given
it. What we do have a responsibility to do is stand out of the way. We can
be smart about where it goes, how it goes, what kind of restrictions
especially around traffic and parking are associated with housing. We have
a moral obligation and, to a degree, a legal obligation to not block housing.
I think that the evidence that we've seen about how much—even within our
                                                                         Page 46 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
