                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Guardino: Council Member Holman, thank you on both points and both
questions. On the first one, yes. For Palo Alto voters, it cost six percentage
points. Why does that matter countywide? Our 2008 measure passed by
66.78 percent of the vote, needing 66.67 percent of the vote. We won by
2,225 votes out of 750,000 votes cast. Every vote matters. What we're
risking is $1.4 billion worth of improvements. In terms of a commitment,
first the difference between a commitment on a specific measure and a
general measure. As you know, no one on this Council will be here through
the life of the measure. Some won't be here even when it would take effect.
A general purpose tax, by its very nature you are legally not allowed to tell
your citizens specifically what it would be for or you trigger that specific tax.
The Valley Transportation Authority measure is specific, it's in writing, not
only the 75-word ballot statement but the multipage resolution and
ordinance listing every improvement and the percentage of the measure.
Next, very conservative revenue estimates were used by the Anderson
School in UCLA and Ernst and Young. Not only did they not exceed the $6.5
billion in those revenue estimates, at our urging, they stayed $200 million
below that conservative estimate to make sure that everything promised,
written in the resolution and ordinance, can be delivered. Thank you for the
excellent question and the chance to clarify that.

Council Member Holman: As Staff knows, I'm a detail person. It can and
will be delivered?

Mr. Guardino: Yes.

Council Member Holman:        Thank you.      I appreciate your enduring the
question.

Mr. Guardino: Thank you for all your work over the years on this. The
tragedy is we all want as much traffic relief as possible. We just don't want
to jeopardize it. We were hoping the poll results would be different, but
they're not.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mr. Guardino: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much to Staff and the Ad Hoc
Committee for the work that you guys have done. When this first came to
Council—I was just looking for the date, and I can't remember. It must
have been early March because the first Ad Hoc Committee was March 24th.
I had expressed a concern that only a narrow number of options would be
                                                                          Page 72 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
