                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Absolutely.

Mr. Keene: I completely understand the intent. I support you taking this
out. I just don't want the obverse to be so firmly held that when we get into
the S/CAP in the future and we talk about the Cool Block, suddenly we've
like violated the Council's directive. I think it's clear what you're really
trying to do here.

Mayor Burt: We're simply saying that we don't want this motion to direct
that it necessarily will happen at this time.

Council Member Kniss: To finish with that, I also ...

Mayor Burt: Sorry. Just that it will be a pilot.

Council Member Kniss: I also wanted to acknowledge that Walt Hays came
in. Walt, I know we started so early tonight and we're so out of character
it's hard to follow what's happening. I would acknowledge that you're
probably supporting this, and that is why you have come down. I'll be
anxious to see how this does work. I think this is intriguing. I know that
there are blocks that have been very well organized with emergency
preparedness, but there are other blocks that aren't. To be quite frank, I
don't think our block has ever been organized, and that's probably as much
my fault as anyone else's. I will ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, Liz, take the lead.

Council Member Kniss: I'll take it on. Is your block all organized, Greg?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Aren't you taking the lead for my block too?

Council Member Kniss: Having said all that, I really think that as a City we
are used to being in the lead. We're not used to being followers. This is a
good chance for us to try, to try, this, to try a pilot and to see if it does fly.
That's what we're really all about. I know that we did start a little early.
There's a group of you that did show up and were very enthusiastic about it,
which was very good to see. I'll be supporting the motion. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'd like to go back to the City Manager's first
question of suggestions for where do you look. I think it's important that we
don't focus on just affinity groups but on neighbors, neighborhoods, and
where are there commonalities amongst neighbors, especially during a
period of climate change. I think here we are in a dry February in an El Nino
year. Water is a big issue and will be in our future. Look for a neighborhood
                                                                           Page 58 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/29/16
