                          TRANSCRIPT
the bridge. I gladly would have done so. I think, from the perspective of
most cyclists, speed and having a bridge is much better than anything. The
tunnel works, and we ride through it when we can. When it's closed, there
aren't really safe alternatives. We have to go on the street or on San
Antonio, which is not a safe place to be. From my perspective, build
anything. They're all wonderful compared to what we have, which is unsafe
during the times of year when we have to use it. One recommendation—I've
ridden the Borregas Bridge many times. It's one of the routes that I take to
get into work sometimes—is actually to go with the incline rather than spend
money on width and vertical posts. If you're a cyclist, you're actually a little
bit wider up top, because of your handlebars. Actually canting things out on
an incline does give you a little more room to move over to get around
pedestrians, people with jogging strollers, etc. That's been very useful on
the Borregas bridges. I think that may be a better tradeoff from a visual
impact, just narrow width and give us more incline. That's an option you
might want to consider. Also there have been considerable upgrades in the
path heading south, so the functionality of a bridge has increased
tremendously in the last few years. With the addition of a paved path from
the opening of Moffett Park, which was about five years ago, the Moffett
Park Bay Trail section is open, which opens great connections to a lot of the
new Google facilities that are being built. Most of Moffett Park is becoming
Google. Big eight-story buildings going up if you haven't noticed them from
the 101. That's a great cycle connection for them to head south, and they
spent a few million dollars to basically upgrade that trail to be DG, like we
have in a lot of our parks. It's a great path for cycles and improved my
speed to get to Moffett Park, which is the route that I cycle. I think making
this improvement will reduce traffic on our streets and get a lot more cyclists
out. I've already noticed the improvements just from that 2 1/2-mile
upgrade. We need to do our part and do it quickly. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Penny Ellson, to be followed by
Robert Neff.

Penny Ellson: Good evening, and thank you for hearing us this evening. I
want to thank City Manager Keene for your reassuring opening comments.
My husband covered a lot of the stuff that matter to our family. What he
didn't mention is that we use this future bridge—we'll use it not just as
bicyclists but as pedestrians quite a lot. My daughter is a birder, and I have
two dogs that I walk a lot. I spend a fair amount of time on the Bay trails.
One thing I want to point out when you talk about lighting and doing fancy
lighting, at night when you get on the other side of that bridge, you're
walking on trails in the dark. If you're going over that bridge without a light
on your bike or a flashlight in your hand at night, it's not going to make a
difference if there's lighting on that bridge. It's dark in the Baylands at
                                                                          Page 69 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
