                          TRANSCRIPT
to lower it to 1,500 permits sold. There's also been a suggestion that we—
1,500 or 1,600 or 1,300, I've heard numerous different numbers. We
should eliminate the employee permits in Zones 9 and 10 or 8, 9 and 10. In
9 and 10, if we eliminate the possible employee permits in 9 and 10, we're
eliminating 615, so that gets us to 1,385, I think. I'm doing mental math
that I shouldn't do at 10:30 at night. If we add Zone 8 to that, we're
eliminating another 365, so we're now down to 1,020 employee permits
available. At the same time, we should decrease the number of permits sold
in Zones 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and 5 and 6 and 7, so that there are fewer per
block face. We should make sure it doesn't expand out to surrounding
neighborhoods, because we don't want that. We should do it taking up less
Staff time but have quarterly meetings. Did I get all this right? It's going to
be a super fast night. I'm looking forward to this conversation.

Mayor Burt: First I'll say that I think it was a bad idea to sell permits into
what I'll call the annexed areas. I'm open as to whether we simply sell any
more or whether we rescind them. I think probably by the maps I can live
with just not selling more. I also have thought that in those annexed areas
we're probably unnecessarily inconveniencing the residents by only allowing
two hour parking without a permit. If you're adjacent to the Downtown,
then employees may run out there and move the car every two hours.
When you're a half mile away, I don't think that's very likely. I'd want to
hear neighborhood input on that. If they think this through and think
they're open to three hour parking without a permit, I'd certainly be
receptive to it. I think it makes more sense. This whole issue of where we
get kind of stacking of cars right on the edge of the zones, I've thought from
the get-go two years ago that this would happen. I don't see a solution
other than a block face restriction where the employee permits can only park
on one block face. Once again, I'd want to hear from the neighborhoods on
how they feel about that. In terms of distributing that parking, that seems
like it would be logically the way to go. Finally, I am really concerned that
we're not achieving the real objective of reducing the number of both cars
parking in neighborhoods adequately and the number of trips Downtown.
The Council has adopted a policy objective of a 30-percent reduction in
single occupancy vehicles Downtown.          We heard from our Downtown
Transportation Management Association that they could actually achieve that
within three years. It would cost for the Downtown core area $1.4 million a
year. We don't have those funds, and we don't even have funds to make a
significant dent on it other than really what the City launched on this pilot
program with the Scoop app, which is the rideshare app. It's a good
indication that there are some real cost-effective ways to actually reduce the
number of car trips and parked cars. As of a month and a half ago, that
program had been increasing participation at 70 percent month-over-month.
I assume that'll level off but continue to grow in absolute numbers, level off
                                                                       Page 97 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
