                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I find myself agreeing with Karen. Mobility is very
tempting because we have such a traffic problem.          I'm actually very
comfortable with where we were before. I'm concerned as much about the
housing, traffic and work interchange as I am about the rest of it. I don't
know how we separate out mobility from the housing from the traffic from—I
just don't know how we put it into one big sort of glob. I'd just as soon we
kept the ones we have and put mobility of some type back into the mix
where it has been.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think Council Member Kniss said it pretty well. I
actually think I'm hearing a lot of alignment in terms of project Priorities. I
think transportation projects should be a high priority in the Built
Environment, but I think the top level goals need to communicate clearly. I
think this kind of muddies it up a little bit. When you look at all of these
Infrastructure projects, we have golf course, we have the anaerobic
digester. I mean, there's just a whole bunch of stuff under Infrastructure
that, I think, is kind of separate from these Built Environment issues. I'm
comfortable with the top Priorities as they are, but I am also comfortable
with emphasizing the project priorities that I've heard everybody else
speaking about.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Having thought about this along with the rest of us
for the last five minutes, I think my inclination is to concur with Council
Members Kniss and Holman on how to structure this. That being said, I
think the Vice Mayor's suggestion has been tremendously valuable to this
discussion. As I think about it, it seems to me that the argument—there's
an apples and oranges thing going on here. The reason to keep mobility as
part of the Built Environment is because, from a functional perspective, land
use and mobility are inseparable. I mean, they impact each other. The
argument to make it separate is not that it's so important it deserves top
billing. The question is which one of those—where do you slice the line that
way. I think that the right way to slice the line is to recognize that mobility
and land use are intimately linked and not separable. I think that's the way
to go. That being said, I think the thing which has come out here is that
mobility has become so important that it deserves a special focus. I'd like to
see some way that mobility could be part of the Built Environment but still
have some special focus. Instead of having three Priorities, maybe we have
three and a half or something. I don't know. I do support Infrastructure

                                                                         Page 40 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
