                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Perez: Mr. Vice Mayor, on the $50,000 on HSRAP, you intend for that to
be one-time or ongoing?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I believe I intend that to be ongoing.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak more to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly, since I spoke a lot. I wanted to thank the
Finance Committee. I thought they did an outstanding and thoughtful job
on this year's budget. I wanted to thank Staff for all the hard work and
Kiely for stepping up and coming up and getting this done. I know you
worked really hard on it. I think you did a great job. Lalo, you did a great
job too. We don't need to say that as well.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I just wanted to turn to Staff from
Human Resources Department, if that's possible, to make sure that we've
worded this correctly for the $50,000 for HSRAP. I wonder if we might want
to broaden the language a little bit so it's not exactly identifying it as HSRAP
but maybe as Human Services in general. I wonder if it's okay to ask either
Minka or Rob to come up to make sure ...

Mayor Burt: Okay.

Council Member Wolbach: ... that if we're providing an emerging needs fund
...

Mayor Burt: We got it.

Council Member Wolbach: ... that might be useable.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: Rob de Geus, Community
Services. Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. Actually what I heard Vice
Mayor Scharff say made sense to me. It was an emerging needs fund as
Staff recommended for the HSRAP program. I think it's okay.

Mayor Burt: You may want to make sure that Section A of your Motion
captures that accurately. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It should say an emerging fund.

Mayor Burt: Emerging needs fund.

Vice Mayor Scharff: An emerging needs fund.


                                                                              Page 52 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
