                          TRANSCRIPT
educational classes.       These uses include private K-8 schools, tutoring
businesses, SAT prep classes, business classes, language schools, computer
training and graphics classes, video camp and art classes. These uses
attract students of all ages and all stages of life. Private education is a retail
endeavor in which students are the customers who support retail-like
educational uses. Moreover, regular attendance at these classes will bring
these customers back week after week, month after month to the larger
retail districts that traditional retail, like travel bureaus, may not. Like other
retail uses, educational uses activate the street frontage by creating
pedestrian activity and visual interest on the ground floor. The services
provided in these uses are similar to the intensity of use provided by the
daycare center and personal service uses already permitted. Allowing
educational facilities and schools to be included is a good thing, and it's
already allowed, as you can see, in the CC, CC(2) and CS districts and CN.
Please consider adding this as you examine the retail Ordinance. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jonathan Satz, to be followed
by Robert Moss.

Jonathan Satz: Thank you for the opportunity to speak at this meeting. My
name is Jonathan Satz, and I work at AltSchool. AltSchool operates a small
kindergarten through eighth grade school in Downtown Palo Alto that
opened in the fall of 2015. We currently serve an enrollment of around 80
families and are a proud member of the community. As we are all aware,
finding and securing real estate in Palo Alto can be incredibly difficult. It
took us two years to find our first location as we competed with office users
on most properties that we identified. In the years to come, we would like
to add an additional school in Palo Alto. However, identifying properties
since the adoption of the retail Ordinance has been incredibly different.
Even if we can identify properties that are not protected by the Ordinance,
most property owners are unwilling to lease to us out of fear that they may
not be able to convert back to office once they convert to educational use.
For these reasons, we would like retail-like services to include educational
uses in the definition of retail-like services. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bob Moss to be followed by Robert Wheatley.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Offices are in
great demand both nationally and especially in Palo Alto. Palo Alto office
rents are back over $7 a square foot. They're some of the highest in the
country. During the dot com boom, we had the highest office rates in the
entire world. There's a real incentive to convert retail to offices. We do
have a 50,000-square-foot limit on office conversions, but this is for specific
areas. That should be made generic for the entire City, not just Downtown

                                                                          Page 63 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/22/16
