                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Tiffany Griego, to be followed
by Jamie Jarvis. Welcome.

Tiffany Griego: Thank you, Mayor and members of the City Council. My
name is Tiffany Griego. I'm responsible for Stanford Research Park. Thank
you for the opportunity to share with you Stanford University's concerns
about Comp Plan policies in the Draft EIR that are related to mechanisms
that are designed to do four things: regulate the number of employees a
business can hire in Palo Alto; control the proportion of office and R&D uses
through the Research Park and possibly even on a building-by-building
basis; charge for parking spaces in Stanford Research Park; and regulate the
build-out of square footage currently available under RP zoning. This is
quite frankly a profound shift in the regulatory framework for Stanford
Research Park (SRP), and it's proven deeply disconcerting to SRP employers
and to our business community. The DEIR does not quantify the impacts of
these regulations. From what we could tell, there's no quantitative evidence
that they would do any good. We're concerned that the City's also unaware
of how much detriment these policies would cause the business community
in the Research Park. As we are all aware, Research Park employers
represent a fountainhead of revolutionary inventions, therapies and
advances in sustainability. They also serve as an important economic engine
for the City of Palo Alto. In 2015, the Research Park generated $45 million
in taxes of all entities and 40 percent of that flowed to Palo Alto and to the
Palo Alto Unified School District. Businesses need predictability in their
regulatory framework. Could you imagine a longstanding Palo Alto sales-
tax-producing company in the Research Park if it were denied the right to
hire new employees in scale as their business needs changed? Would its
founders have located its startup here or its point of sale in Palo Alto if they
didn't believe they could grow here? Could you image if a Research Park
company had to wait 12 months for a discretionary permit before it could
modify the proportion of R&D and automotive labs inside its existing Palo
Alto headquarters? How would they innovate within the very competitive
electric vehicle and automotive mobility spaces? Could you imagine if an
SRP medical systems company needs to add 100,000 square feet but be
subject to the 50,000 per year annual cap? They would have to win the very
unpredictable beauty contest two years in a row before it could actually build
its facility to advance medical diagnostics imaging. Could you imagine a
pharmaceuticals company telling patients that they had to wait for a very
promising leukemia clinical trial, but they're waiting for Palo Alto to sign off
on a conditional use permit to hire employees for that clinical trial? It's very
hard to imagine this regulatory framework. Please ask yourself, after you've
had a chance to read several letters that SRP employers have provided, how
will these changes affect businesses here in Palo Alto and in Stanford
Research Park. We encourage you to work with us to craft policies that will
                                                                            Page 59 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
