                         TRANSCRIPT
expectations of the residents. To allow one person to escape obligations
under our municipal Ordinance upsets the expectation of all other parties
governed by that instrument." The homes in question are in R-1 single-
family residential zoning.     Currently we define family as follows:       an
individual or group of persons living together who constitute a bona fide
single housekeeping unit in a dwelling unit. Anyone of common intelligence
knows that finding 14 people on Airbnb, each at different times and at
different terms, who come to a three-bedroom, two-bathroom house to
simply rent a place to sleep, who are not a static group of persons but rather
an ever-changing array of individuals, who may not even know each other
by name cannot be possibly be made to constitute a bona fide single
housekeeping unit. If we allow people like this, who are not even members
of our community, to seek membership into our community by serial renting
of rooms and set up four to six beds in each room, we're setting ourselves
up for the destruction of single-family character of our neighborhoods. We
request that the City of Palo Alto either prevent the commercializing of
single-family homes by enforcing its current Ordinances in place or, if the
current Ordinances are inadequate, we ask that the City take steps and
make the changes necessary to deal with this abusive behavior currently
present throughout our community. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Faramarz. Welcome.

Faramarz: Good evening. Dear Council Members, my name is Faramarz
Bahmani, and I live next door to 1245 Lincoln. Purchasing a house in Palo
Alto was for long a distant dream for my wife and I, but we work hard to
make it happen, because we wanted the best for our future children, the
best School District, and the best neighbors in one of the best cities in the
world. Since we moved here four years ago, we have enjoyed living side-
by-side our neighbors and enjoyed every minute of it. We bonded with
every family that came and lived next door so much that when the lease was
up and they had to leave, it was difficult for us and for our now 3-year-old
daughter to realize that it was time to say goodbye. In fact, we are still
friends with all the previous tenants Gordon leased his house to since we
moved in next door. Bonds like that form because the families were there
for at least a year-long term. We felt safe letting our daughter play with
their kids and yell out from our backyard into their backyard asking their
kids to come over and play. Our sense of stability, however, shattered when
we realized that 14 others were going to live in a three-bedroom house next
to us.    A group subject to constant change, 14 adults every month,
potentially 168 different individuals in a year living right across the fence
from us. We are supposed to be able to enjoy the peace and the quiet of
our house, but how can we when we can no longer even let our daughter
play outside, knowing that she'll be exposed to all those individuals who
                                                                       Page 27 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
