                         TRANSCRIPT
changes would prove their case. I suspect they fear their predictions aren't
sound, though. Given the severity of our situation, an outcry for some
resolution, I can't believe we would study five options, none of which bring
us anywhere near the housing so many need and ask for. This is a fairly
simple case of haves and have nots. It makes me nauseous to hear the
haves chuckle, literally chuckle, at the misfortune and the struggle of the
have nots and the (inaudible) that would draw them to beg us to care just a
little. It's more visceral than a building on Hamilton; it's people commuting
5 hours or living in a car or a garage, some struggling to support themselves
or their family.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Macrae: Thanks.

Mayor Burt:   Our next speaker is Kate Downing, to be followed by Judy
Kleinberg.

Kate Downing: Hi everybody. As you know, I am a Commissioner on the
Planning and Transportation Commission. I've already emailed the Council
with some of my thoughts with regard to the options. I want to express
another one that I have recently become increasingly more concerned with.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Kate, can you, because it's really part of our
protocol, clarify whether your comments are on behalf of the Planning and
Transportation Commission or yourself.

Ms. Downing: My comments are on behalf of myself. The comment that I
wish to make is that I'm increasingly concerned that as we come closer to
making a decision with respect to the Comp Plan and we have a better idea
of what our RHNA numbers are actually going to be towards 2030, my
concern is that we're going—of the four options that you have now, maybe
one of them will actually match the RHNA numbers. I've heard Staff kind of
sort of address this issue, but I'm afraid that it's necessarily an adequate
addressing. I think it needs to be more thoroughly studied. Here's the
reason for my concern. I'm going to read you a passage from the California
Land Use and Planning law book. This is basically the land use bible for
every attorney who practices land use in California. It says the data
assumptions and projections, example: population, housing, jobs, used in
various parts of the plan must be consistent with one another. Government
Code 65300.5. It cites several pieces of case law to that effect. This book
continues to say that our Comp Plan must also be consistent with State
policy, particularly State law regarding housing. I really am concerned that
if we don't pick an option on the fifth option to go big on housing, you're
only really left with one option in your scenarios that is legally going to be
                                                                       Page 76 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
