                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Nickel: One of the other points, before I turn it back to Council, in
addition to the standard of cover document, Council approved about two
years ago a purchase of this product called Code 3 software. What it allows
us to do is load up all of our calls for service. It will run simulations on
where we move stations, where we move companies. It takes into account
traffic patterns during the day and the evening. When we ran all of our
calls, it's basically like a SimCity for a Fire Department. All of the sites with
the exception of one still kept us within the eight minutes or less 90 percent
of the time. The only site that didn't was when we housed Engine Company
Number 3 Downtown at Station 1 24 hours a day. I think that's important to
know. We've done a very detailed, deep dive into all of our calls for service.
It allows us to predict how the system will perform when that apparatus is
moved. With that, I'll turn it back over to Council for any questions.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.      Council Members, questions?     Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, and thanks to Chief and Assistant
Chief—is that the right title? Deputy Chief—for your presentation. I'm
excited to see this come back. I'm excited to see the building of two new
fire stations or at least here one new fire station starting to move forward.
As a member of IBRC, this is exciting. I have a couple of questions. The
first one's about the cost. The Staff Report has the cost for the Geng Road
temporary fire station at $141,000. It also later says that there will be a
reduction of about $167,000 in rental revenue from Geng Road. The net
cost of housing it there is closer to $300,000. Is that correct?

Mr. Nickel: That is correct.

Council Member Berman: Is there any loss of revenue with the Rinconada
Park tennis courts or anything like that?

Mr. Nickel:   I do have Rob de Geus here, if he wants to address that
question.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director:              Good evening, Council
Members. Rob de Geus, Community Services Department. There will be
very little impact in terms of lost revenue from the tennis courts.

Council Member Berman: This might have been mentioned here. How used
are those tennis courts?

Mr. de Geus: That's a much bigger impact. They're some of the more
popular tennis courts we have in the system. We have 32 courts, and those

                                                                         Page 30 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
