                          TRANSCRIPT
Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. This is another
example of why PC zoning is a scam. The developer gets a huge profit, and
the community gets stiffed. Here we are getting stiffed again. How do we
overcome that? The fine is one way of doing it. I suggested in the letter I
sent you that we increase it from $1,000 to $2,000, but then double it
periodically. I suggested $2,000 instead of $5,000, which most of the
community wants, for two reasons. The first one is that's an initial doubling
of the penalty, and the second is that's what the Staff is recommending. If
you double the fee periodically—I suggested every 60 days, but you could
make it every 30 days or every seven days if you wish—after a few months,
you'll start to get Sand Hill's attention. If you did it every two months, after
10 months the penalty would be $64,000 a day. That just might get their
attention. One of the arguments they have is the building is too small for a
viable grocer. That's a lot of garbage. Let me give you an example. For
over 35 years, All American Market was extremely successful at 3990 El
Camino on a site which was much more than 20,000 square feet. They
didn't leave because they had a financial problem; they left because the
Jissers refused to extend their lease and forced them out so that they could
subdivide the building and put in, as they did later, four different tenants
and raise the rent. The grocery store was viable and made money. A
grocery store at Edgewood Plaza in a 20,000-square-foot site is viable and
can make money and serve the community. Let's stop playing games with
the PC zone. When the developer doesn't do what they were going to do,
penalize them stiffly and keep the penalties going up and up and up and up
until they finally get right and do what they said they were going to do.

Mayor Burt: Our final speaker is Jim Holsworth. Welcome.

Jim Holsworth: Hello. Thank you for listening to me tonight. I think I found
out who the Sand Hill people are. It reminds me of the old statement, by
and by there will be pie in the sky. I guess by and by we'll have a grocery in
the sky. We're supposed to be patient. We're supposed to be nice. We've
waited 18 months from the time Fresh Market closed. My understanding
was Fresh Market was actually making a profit. It seems like a really good
space, 20,000 square feet at a freeway exit. I always shopped at Lucky's
when I came home from work, back when it was around. What I'm thinking
as I hear about this $5,000 or $2,000 fine, I'm wondering Sand Hill won't
even tell us how much is the rent. What are they getting from Fresh
Market? I don't know why Fresh Market is allowed to hang onto a space
they don't use. It seems like when this requirement was made Palo Alto
never had any kind of rules in place with regard to the lease, with regard to
confidential terms. We don't know anything. We don't know why the stores
refused to come. What I would say is it should be at least 5,000. If Sand
Hill thinks that's too much, they should present the Council with information
                                                                          Page 25 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
