                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I have a couple of questions specifically related to
this, and then a couple of questions I probably don't need response to
tonight. I want to make sure that we'll have an opportunity to discuss to
them. I'm hoping at some point you'll respond to Mr. Borock's questions.
On Page two of the Staff presentation, it says capacity share allocation
established for capital replacement.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. You're referring to the Action Item Report, not the
Informational Item?

Council Member Holman: I'm actually referring to the presentation that was
made, Page ...

Mayor Burt: The presentation, thank you.

Council Member Holman: ... Slide 2. Bullet Number 3 is capacity share
allocation establishment for capital replacement.       Maybe this is just a
clarification that needs to be for me, and everybody else gets it. I had been
informed previously that we could not charge ratepayers for capital costs. It
looks like we are recovering capital costs. Is it because Mountain View is not
a ratepayer to Palo Alto? Is that the distinction?

Mr. Bobel: I think you're on the right track. The thing that confuses us is
you're being asked to wear two hats at different points in time. The Sewage
Treatment Plant is the water wholesaler here. Palo Alto could be a water
retailer. Mountain View can be a water retailer. The cost we're talking
about here is a cost that Palo Alto, wearing its hat as the Sewage Treatment
Plant Operator and the wholesaler of water, would charge its partners,
Mountain View being one of those. It's not a ratepayer thing that we're
talking about in any of these bullets on that slide.

Council Member Holman: It does indicate capital cost share.

Mr. Bobel: Yes. A certain kind of capital cost, a replacement capital cost.
It's not general.   We have to get into more detail if you want to.
Replacement capital costs, replacing stuff that's already there at the plant.

Council Member Holman: It doesn't address expansion then.

Mr. Bobel: This bullet doesn't address expansion.

Council Member Holman:      Can we charge expansion capital costs to, let's
just say, Mountain View?

Mr. Bobel: Yes, we have to. Somebody has to pay it if we're going to spend
it.
                                                                       Page 65 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
