                          TRANSCRIPT
$13.03 per month. Also, according to the provisions of the ballot measure,
that rate is going to sunset on June 1st of next year. Unless a new fee
structure is approved by property owners, the rate will revert back to that
original $4.25 per month. These are some examples of some of the projects
that we've completed using the funding from the storm drainage fee. The
upper left is our San Francisquito Creek storm water pump station which
discharges the storm water from a large area of northeast Palo Alto. Upper
right is an example of some of our pipeline work. This is excavation for a
new box culvert that was installed on Channing Avenue. The lower two
photos are taken from Southgate where we're showing some of the
innovative measures that were put into that particular project, namely the
crosswalks that were constructed with pervious pavers. On the left and on
the right are one of the bioretention planters that receives and infiltrates and
filters the runoff before it goes into the storm drain. In your packet, you
have the report from the Blue Ribbon Committee. Their recommendations
on fees are broken into two parts. The first part is what they call the base
element. These are the things that are the more routine, ongoing things
that need to continue on a permanent basis. They include maintenance of
the system, storm water quality protection, compliance with regulatory
requirements. The cost of funding those ongoing, permanent programs is
set at $6.62 per month. The Blue Ribbon Committee suggests that, as in
the past, the Council have the ability to increase that rate on an annual basis
at the rate of Consumer Price Index (CPI) or six percent, whichever is less.
One important element of the base is that the Committee felt that since this
is an ongoing, permanent program that needs permanent funding, they
suggest that this portion of the fee not sunset and, therefore, be permanent.
That's the $6.62 component of the new fee as proposed. The second part is
the project element, which has features in that that have a finite life, that
would be undertaken over the 15 years of the new fee, if it were
implemented. That would be to pay for the construction of 16 high-priority
capital improvement projects. There's annual funding for what's called
green storm water infrastructure, which I'll talk a little bit more about and
Claire Elliott will also elaborate on in her slides. There's $154,000 per year
set aside for incentive projects, which is money that would be given out in
the form of rebates to residents and commercial property owners to
implement green measures on their own properties. It would help to fund
that.     We have $1/2 million per year for storm drain repair and
rehabilitation, and also recommended in the report is that we maintain a
minimum reserve balance of $1.5 million. This is one of the funds that there
is no Council policy on reserves, so this is the recommendation of the
Committee. This part of the package totals $7.03 per month and would also
have the annual escalator. This portion, since it's for a finite set of work,
would have a sunset in 15 years, in fiscal 2032. You might ask why we need
to do more projects. These photos that I'm showing here are examples of
                                                                          Page 12 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
