                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Coco Matthey to be followed by Lynn Drake
[phonetic]. Welcome.

Coco Matthey: Good evening, Mayors, Council Member and City Staff.
Thank you so much for having me here. My name is Coco Matthey. I live in
3498 Janice Way. Six-plus years ago I was pregnant, and my husband I
dreamed to live in Palo Alto. I told my husband I want to make Palo Alto my
home and want to raise my children here. There are multiple reasons. At
the time, it was because our grade school were here. After moving here, my
parents—I'm Asian origin. My parents have lived with us for a while to help
me raise my children. We find this house is big enough. I'm in favor of
SSO. While we are having modest life, my husband and I put together a
solar roof in our house, and we have (inaudible). We run our house is zero
percentage. After so many years and living here, I realize what attracts me
to come here is this community. SSO is part of it. Also this great history
and this great sense of community. They drive the school better. I have
been volunteering a lot for school, and I want to be part of this community,
to bring this spirit. I have seen a lot of overseas investing company. They
come here; they get money, and they want to buy this house and make big
money. They buy the house in cash and try to turn around and invest it.
People come here to do the investment. They will not contribute back to the
community. That's what I want to say. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Pat Hanley to be followed by Margarita Merz.

Pat Hanley: Hello. My name is Pat Hanley. I live at 3493 Kenneth Drive,
and I support the SSO petition for Royal Manor. First, I wish to address
comments that have been repeated many times regarding a gathering which
was a block party. It has been stated that undue influence was exerted to
obtain signatures for the Royal Manor SSO at the event. The event was not
a block party, rather it was a private party at a residence on Kenneth Drive
celebrating a woman who had just received a teaching position at Stanford.
At the time I was canvassing the neighborhood, handing out materials about
the SSO and requesting signatures in support of the petition. The woman
who answered the door when I knocked was a former colleague with whom I
had worked for many years at Palo Verde Elementary School. Her response
was enthusiastically in support of the SSO petition, which she signed and
then she urged other homeowners at the party to also sign the petition. At
a later date, three of the ten homeowners who had signed the SSO for Royal
Manor changed their minds and decided they no longer wished their names
on the petition. Their request was honored, and their signatures were
removed. Second, it has also been claimed by opponents of the SSO
petition that the value of homes in SSO neighborhoods are reduced. Ken
DeLeon, a top realtor in California, addressed this issue in his March 2016
                                                                      Page 83 of 93
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 4/18/16
