                          TRANSCRIPT
few statistics here. The vacancy rate has remained very low over the last
two years, year over year, at less than two percent. Typically five percent is
a more healthy vacancy rate which allows some movement within tenant
spaces and more options for tenants seeking spaces.              As previously
disseminated as part of the Downtown Monitoring Report, retail lease rates
have remained fairly constant year over year in Downtown, while office rents
have increased somewhat. One caveat here. Lease rates are only identified
for available properties. We're showing ranges because they're highly
dependent on the location, the type, the quality of the building. Since the
interim Ordinance was adopted, the City's adopted a series of permanent
zoning amendments affecting the Cal. Avenue area and closed the loophole
on El Camino. Additionally, several provisions in the interim Ordinance have
proved difficult to administer and/or have resulted in requests for a waiver
or a Staff determination that the Ordinance does not apply. These are some
of the challenges that led to the discussion among the Council on
August 22nd. The proposed framework seeks to remove some of these
difficulties and provide more clarity about what is required and where in the
Downtown. Recapping that August 22nd meeting, the Council discussed
priorities for permanent retail protections in Downtown and requested
inclusion of the South of Forest Area Phase II in this proposed Ordinance.
That discussion is what's guided this framework that's presented here, and
some of the key outcomes from your discussion are also shown on the
screen. The framework before you tonight addresses primarily Items 1 and
2 regarding window transparency and displays and the extension of the
ground-floor overlay boundary. Within Item 3, basements are addressed in
the framework but the remaining issues identified in Items 3-6 will be
addressed through subsequent ordinances. This allows for more targeted
analyses of these different districts and the needs that they have.
Protections for remaining retail areas Citywide will be addressed in a
subsequent Ordinance or through the Comp Plan Update since they affect
much larger areas of the City and will require additional analyses. The
definitions of retail uses would also be included in this subsequent Citywide
initiative with the intention of broadening the definition of retail to consider
the sale of goods rather than an exhaustive list of examples of uses. Hours
of operation, public access could also be identified as part of that definition.
Regarding amortization of nonconforming uses, this would also be addressed
separately and subsequent to the approval of a permanent Ordinance.
Amortization ordinances tend to take a lot longer and require more
consultation with property owners, so that's not going to be feasible to finish
prior to the expiration of the interim Ordinance in April. Lastly, a path for
conversion of uses in the balance of the City would also be part of that
Citywide effort. This is the outline of the suggested Ordinance framework.
The framework seeks to prioritize locations where retail development and
the impact from office conversions are the strongest. First, the framework
                                                                        Page 48 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
