                          TRANSCRIPT
driveway. That's $129,000 in lost parking capital value per residential
parcel, 12,900 annual lost parking services per parcel, and we don't know
how much lost health, amenities and safety per parcel. The health, safety
and amenity losses are real. We get 1,200 extra auto trips a day to put 600
cars in the neighborhood and get them out. We get noise, air pollution,
injury to people. The gentleman right here witnessed a person hit two
parked cars and drive away from them just two weeks ago. We get property
damage, landscape trampled, litter. We can't sweep our streets because
they're lined with cars when the street sweeper drives down the middle of
the street, and we pay for that. We get increased crime, lower property
values, strangers in the neighborhood, less control over public space,
reduced caring and respect among neighbors because we don't interact as
much. We get reduced feeling of safety and inconvenient or no parking in
front of our homes. We expect better. Will all Palo Alto neighborhoods be
improved to encourage (inaudible) on the automobile.                That's our
Comprehensive Plan from the Land Use and Community Design vision. The
adverse impacts of automobile traffic on the environment in general and
residential streets in particular will be reduced.           Once again the
Transportation vision, our Comprehensive Plan. Parking demand may only
be managed effectively when users pay directly for its cost. Are you
listening Staff? Protect residential areas from parking impacts of nearby
business districts. Listen up please. Provide sufficient parking in the
University Avenue, Downtown and California Avenue business districts.
Treat residential street as both public ways and neighborhood amenities.
They are public streets, but I can't ride my bike on 101. It's a public street.
The purpose of the streets in our neighborhood is to provide access to
adjoining property. It's not to be supplementary parking for the business
district. Implement the Comprehensive Plan. Permit parking is everywhere
supported and nowhere opposed by the Comprehensive Plan. With delay the
Council will perpetuate these ills. Every residential street parking space is a
6,450 annual subsidy to somebody who drives to work. The Staff tells us
those cars will just go to another neighborhood. I'm standing here and not
talking just about Evergreen Park. I'm saying fix it everywhere. Let the
cars go away. The City Council was paying hundreds of drivers millions of
dollars to drive to work in Palo Alto this year even as you say that you want
to make that go away. In Evergreen Park with two spaces per parcel, the
subsidy is provided with a $36 daily charge on the adjacent resident and
homeowner. I had some friends here from—one was from Geneva, another
was from New York City. They asked me what I was doing after our meeting
this afternoon because I excused myself at 5:00. I said I was coming down
here to talk about permit parking. The words they used were how can this
be in Palo Alto. It is hypocrisy, incompetence, impotence? We claim we
want housing and neighborhood quality, then we steal from the people who
buy homes and live here. We claim we want civic spirit and neighborliness,
                                                                        Page 79 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
