                          TRANSCRIPT
block of Bryant Avenue. The fire originated in the basement area and
traveled in hidden void spaces into the attic. A labor intensive fire attacked
by our Fire Department assisted by mutual aid resources confined the fire to
the large home. Fortunately, there were no injuries to the residents or
firefighters involved in fighting the blaze. It was a regional fire response,
and thanks to many of our mutual aid jurisdictions.             Just a point of
information to share. Many of the older homes in Palo Alto, this one
included, were constructed without built-in fire stops in the walls and attics.
When a fire starts, it can travel hidden in the walls and pop out at locations
distant from the original fire. A great deal of effort is needed to expose the
wall, ceiling and attic spaces to cut off the fire and extinguish it. This type of
construction was eliminated by the Fire Code in the mid-1950s for the
obvious fire safety reasons. Two more things. Our community is cordially
invited to the opening reception this Saturday, February 27th, of Alchemy,
an inaugural 2016 community exhibit organized by the Cubberley Artists
Studio Program artists. This exhibition celebrates artistic exchange and
dialog within and between our neighboring communities and features a
broad range of community perspectives and aesthetic expressions. It will be
held at Cubberley from 6:00 to 8:00 P.M. this Saturday, February 27th. Last
but not least, just a reminder to our community. All are invited to attend
the Mayor's State of the City Address this Wednesday, February 24th, at
7:00 P.M.. It will be held in the El Palo Alto room—that's the large meeting
space—at the Mitchell Park Community Center.              That's 7:00 P.M. this
Wednesday, February 24th, for the Mayor's State of the City address. That's
all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have four speaker
cards. Each member of the public is welcome to speak for up to three
minutes. This would be on items that are not otherwise on the Agenda. Our
first speaker is Cybele, to be followed by Ed Schmidt. It's Ed Schmidt, to be
followed by Fred Balin.

Ed Schmidt: Good evening. I'm Ed Schmidt, a resident of College Terrace.
The residents of College Terrace have been good citizens and have
responded to a questionable issue about toxic contamination in our
neighborhood. You can read about it in the Weekly or you can listen to the
next speaker. On a related health and safety subject, we are proud that our
Council has pledged our City to be a leader in the sustainability movement
and reduce greenhouse emissions over the next decade at a faster rate than
any other nearby city. Yes, we are in a leadership role there, and we are on

                                                                             Page 4 of 88
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/22/16
