                          TRANSCRIPT
terms of what we're trying to accomplish here. There is people talking about
saving airspace above the house, people talking about saving Eichlers. That
should be a Eichler historical district or something. Airspace is a different
issue. Talking about saving—there's some outside ones talking about foreign
money coming in and getting houses, tearing it down. Talking about—
there's a whole series of concerns and fear for the future. This is not the
solution for it, in my mind. For me personally, as much as I love sitting on
the sofa and looking out in terms of the view and so on, I do value the home
property values a lot more, and that is the reason why I switched. Lastly, I
think the largest stakes of this situation here—I see yellow lines going all
over, being cut out, some of the neighborhoods are. I would like my
(inaudible) house to be cut out of that so that it's not considered. If you're
removing houses willingly, let's remove my street and my house, and then
we'll talk about that. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I should have said that we're closing off speaker
cards. If anyone wants to add one, they need to come forward at this time.
Our next speaker is Patty Schaffer.

Patty Schaffer: Good evening. My name is Patty Schaffer. I have lived at
3345 Stockton Place for 22 years. I am opposed to the Royal Manor SSO.
At first my only concern was keeping my street and Loma Verde out of it,
since we're not really part of that community. Only 20 percent of Stockton
Place residents signed the petition. The Planning Commission has spoken to
this. Now I'm interested in all the problems with this SSO as a citizen of
Palo Alto. The language of the petition itself may have satisfied legal
requirements but makes no sense to most people. I suggest that if new
petitions are designed, they include a simple English sentence: signing this
means you support a ban on building a new second story on your house or
any other in your neighborhood. I think SSOs should require a vote and not
a paper where anyone can see your opinion. More than one person has told
me that they felt pressured to sign because they did not want to disagree
with a neighbor. The morning after the City Council meeting of April 18th,
my husband and I took a good look at the two-story house next door. That
wasn't easy because we do not see it from our backyard windows. We can't
see it when sitting or standing in our atrium. It's only visible from some side
windows along with a view of our fence. While I don't claim to be able to
channel the last Joseph Eichler, I know he was a businessperson. Royal
Manor was built for the families of the '50s. I believe that today he would be
building houses he could sell to current buyers, and they would not be 1,730
square feet like mine. Please vote no tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jessica Chia.


                                                                        Page 44 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
