                          TRANSCRIPT
these mostly and largely clarifications and enhancements? By the way, I
have not heard a response to the "aesthetically holistic design," if that
should be in "2" or "3." The first question being relevant to the amendment.

Mr. Lait: I guess if it were to be presented as this, I would like to go back to
the Architectural Review Board and get some more comments. With respect
to your second question, in light of the conversation, I think perhaps it
should be in Finding Number 3.

Council Member Holman: I'll accept the amendment. Can I work with David
then to get the language in "2" to be moved down to "3," given Jonathan's
input?

Mayor Burt: Your Motion. It'll be up to you and your seconder.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Keene: I do agree with Jonathan. I mean, it's as much process. It's an
important enough issue. You've worked on it. Council Member Holman
certainly has a passion for this and has put a lot into this. I think we do
need to—there are a lot of words here that can be interpreted a lot of
different ways, and we ought to sort of vet that a little bit and get the—to
what extent are they—is there sort of a unified understanding or the
potential for confusion in being to put that out there. The other thing I
would just say is that there's just a lot here. We made an effort to get the
Packet out 11 days in advance to have time to look at things. To make
changes like this, we want to be sure that we have some review process.
The only thing I would just say is it included the word "minor." I'm not
anticipating that the feedback could be minor changes. I wouldn't want to
get in an argument with Council that we came back and we're saying things
that weren't minor. I mean, a lot of these things are in the eye of beholder.
I think we just want to raise some questions, give some feedback, let you
know whether or not things were clear or they weren't clear. I just did want
to clarify. This is necessarily approving a first reading in the sense of the
ordinance itself as much as this is a first look at it. We'd be coming back
with some feedback for you to try to finalize the first reading. Thanks.

Council Member Schmid: Seconder would accept that and look forward to
getting Minutes from the ARB discussion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Direct Staff and the
Architectural Review Board to review the updated language prior to the next
                                                                          Page 30 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
