                         TRANSCRIPT
of the City of Palo Alto, I request that you apply your best judgment and you
give this transition the full attention and care that it deserves. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Joanne Dixon, to be followed
by Sachi Hwangbo.

Joanne Dixon: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. Thank you for
hearing us out. My name's Joanne Dixon. I am the registered veterinary
technician at Palo Alto Animal Services Division. The proposal to transfer
control of our Animal Service Division has been poorly planned and will be
poorly executed. I can tell you firsthand the local nonprofit Pets in Need
organization does not possess the expertise to offer the same services that
the Animal Services employees currently provide. Palo Alto Animal Services
handles all types of animals beyond cats and dogs, such as pocket pets like
guinea pigs, rats, exotic animals which include reptiles and amphibians,
livestock on occasion such as horses, cows, goats, avian species of all
varieties. We cannot forget the bunny rabbits. Pets in Need lacks the
experience to handle and control unsocialized, fractious animals which we
handle on a regular basis. They also do not maintain accurate and legal
recordkeeping for rabies vaccines, microchipping and medical records, which
our facility has tried to obtain on several occasions. In addition, Pets in
Need has the luxury to pick and choose their animals. They choose the most
adoptable animals, and they also do not take back animals who were
previously adopted from their shelter. At Palo Alto, we have an open door.
We take in any animal regardless of age, temperament or medical problems
and whether they've been previously adopted or not from us and no longer
have a home. They come back to us. On the financial aspect, we feel if Palo
Alto can afford and maintain five beautiful, state of the art libraries, we're
asking the City to find a way to maintain and run one City-run animal shelter
that would prove to be profitable. Palo Alto is a creative and resourceful
community, and many community members plan to fundraise, volunteer and
suggest unique and interesting ways to make the shelter sustainable. I just
ask that when you make your vote, you think about all the other animals
besides cats and dogs, all the old animals and feral animals that aren't
adoptable. Please take that into consideration for your decision. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sachi Hwangbo to be followed by Townsend Brady.

Sachi Hwangbo: Hello Council Members and Mayor. I'm a proud resident of
Palo Alto of 19 years and worked for City of Palo Alto's Animal Services for
the past five years, part-time.      Three years now, I'm the volunteer
coordinator and witnessed firsthand the dedication and determination of our
powerful team of volunteers standing behind me.           As the volunteer
coordinator, I recruit, train, supervise, coordinate and evaluate all active

                                                                       Page 50 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
