                         TRANSCRIPT
most part. I just want to make sure that for your individual, one-off things,
we're not creating the price too high. I have some concerns about things
like—I don't know what they mean, outside cooking booths. Does that mean
if we have a block party and someone brings a pizza oven, is that an outside
cooking booth? These fees go up quite dramatically for some of these
things.

Mr. Pirnejad: What I can say—I can turn it over to Dan for a more detailed
explanation if you so choose. What we tried to do is go through our entire
permit process, all the different types of permits that we issue, and look at
non-valuation-based fees, the fees that are issued to a specific type of work,
a fixture, a switch, a this, a that, and looked at exactly the time and Motion
it would take to actually provide that permit. Both the plan check aspect as
well as the …

Vice Mayor Scharff: I understand what you did. I guess my concern is are
we going to be stopping community activities and things like that. I notice
we now have a special events fee that we never had before. Is a block party
a special event?

Mr. Pirnejad: Let me turn to …

Vice Mayor Scharff: When was it? We put in that you can get money from
the City to do a block party. Are we now going to charge a fee to do that of
like $400? Is it a special event or are these not special events? I just don't
want us to do things tonight that I don't know what we're doing.

Mr. Pirnejad: Maybe you can help. What Page are you referring to?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm on Packet Page 1025 at the bottom. The last Item
is special events fee. It says new, $368.

Mr. Keene: Can you see the baseline Page number or not, Greg?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, I can't because we write over those.

Mayor Burt: It's 22A.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They're all 22A.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's the last page of your fee schedule, if that's helpful
to you.

Mr. Pirnejad: Which fee are you referring to?
                                                                         Page 85 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
