                          TRANSCRIPT
beautiful, wonderful place to live and to work is the diversity that we have,
the fact that small businesses like me can survive for 86 years; it's the same
family. By the way, they have been residents. Unfortunately, they passed
away. The reality is business cares. If you cut us out, if you literally say the
only option is public transportation, I've got people that I'm going to lose. I
can't find them now. I just did a national search for a buyer at my business.
I had people that are making $25,000 out in the world. To come here, they
were asking me for almost 90 because they did the research to see what the
equity would be for their quality of life. $90,000 is what they wanted to be—
I don't make $90,000 a year running the business. The reality is we're
challenged. You add one more nail to that coffin, we may not survive.
Thank you for the time; I appreciate it.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you, and thank every one of you for
coming, sharing with us your concerns. It's what local government is all
about. We now are about to turn to Council. There's five of us, and we are
a bare minimum. I think it's appropriate that we take a five minute break.
Let's hold it to five minutes. I know you've been waiting for Council
response, but if you can give us five minutes for a break.

Council took a break from 5:06 P.M. to 5:15 P.M.

Council Member Schmid: After hearing from the public, we should give Staff
a chance to see if there are any questions or comments that you want to
make.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Chair Schmid and Council Members. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. First, I wanted to start by thanking Jessica and Sue-Ellen. They've
been working long and hard on this RPP Program for over a year now. I also
wanted to thank the speakers today. It's great to see a huge turnout. I
thought we heard a diversity of opinions, which is always nice. There were
four questions or comments that came up in the course of the comments
that I wanted to address specifically. Sue-Ellen and Jessica will jump in if I
need bailing out here. First was the request to reconsider the boundary of
Zone 10. We heard that from a couple of speakers at least. From Staff's
perspective, there are two ways that the City could address this request.
One is obviously you could direct us to amend the boundaries of Zone 10, in
which case those streets would fall within the Downtown RPP, and there
would be some number of employee permits issued in those areas. The
other alternative, which we believe is more consistent with the comments
we've heard from Crescent Park generally would be for those streets to
petition for their own RPP District that could have no employee permits,
what people are calling the College Terrace-like version. Those are two

                                                                          Page 37 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
