                          TRANSCRIPT
to this question that Council Member DuBois was burrowing on. If we have
100 street-face spots, and you're selling—you said how many permits?
Thirty. You're getting—I'm sorry?

Council Member DuBois: Thirty to 40.

Mayor Burt: Thirty to 40, and you're getting a utilization rate of one-third?

Mr. Mello: We would sell 30-40 employee permits, and then about half
would show up at a given point in time. There'd be about 15-20 employees
parked on a block with 100 spaces.

Mayor Burt: I thought you said it was even lower than half.

Mr. Mello: I think the total inventory was 13 percent for the whole area at
one point in time.

Mayor Burt: How do we explain then that we get such high impacts of
intrusion in these areas? Is it a good portion of these are not from permits,
but in fact employees who are moving their cars every two hours? That
number of employees with permits parking in these areas wouldn't explain
the difference as to why in an outlying area—if you have a baseline that you
say residents use approximately X percent of the street face for their own
parking, then the differences as we approach the Downtown areas
presumably are mostly because of the employees being added on top of
that. That amount that appears to be added on top is a lot more than this
15 percent of the spaces being occupied by employees.             Is there an
explanation as to what's going on there?

Mr. Mello: The wild card in all of this is the two hour parkers. We did make
an effort to account for that. The zones that are closer to Downtown, where
we expected to see more two hour parkers, actually have a smaller
percentage of permits available than the zones that are further out. Zone 8,
for example, has a higher percentage of employee permits available as a
percent of the total spaces than Zone 1. We assumed there would be more
two hour parkers in Zone 1, because its closer to Downtown. I think one of
the things that we need to do, when we come back to you, is look a little
more closely at what the impact of the two hour parkers is and maybe tweak
that percentage a little bit, so that we don't see the clustering that we see
closer to Downtown, even after Phase 2 was implemented.

Mayor Burt: We have numbers on two hour parkers or we think we do?

Mr. Mello: We know how many cars are parked without permits, yes, during
the noon-time hour.
                                                                       Page 80 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
