                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Schmid:       I guess my point, though, is that the motion
included ...

Mayor Burt: No, I understood your point. What I was clarifying is what's
coming before us in early March. It will essentially be the first half of that,
which is the information on what is occurring and progress on their trip
reductions.

Mr. Keene: March 14th is the date.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I'd like to make a couple of comments on
the scoring. I would suggest you have five criteria and you've given them all
20 points. It seems to me that Criteria 1, impacts, deserves 40 points. That
includes traffic and parking. I think in our discussion the other night where
we were talking about the Citizens Survey, it was quite clear that traffic and
parking is a manifestation of a serious community concern and problem. It
would seem to me that in establishing criteria we ought to reflect that
community concern and give that item twice the number of points. Also, on
"1b," you say let's use CEQA and the Code to see whether they are meeting
traffic needs. I guess we are familiar with CEQA that concludes that every
project in Palo Alto does not have a significant impact on traffic. It would be
good, I think, if we substituted in there actual traffic count or something as
opposed to CEQA. You mention the Code, and I think the Code includes the
Downtown Parking Assessment District that built 700 parking spaces and got
9,100 rights to parking spaces. I think we need to have better criteria on
measuring traffic impacts. The other element that I would suggest would
have more than 20 points would be Number 5 in uses. There you get into
dwelling units. I think a big concern as we move forward in the Comp Plan
is mixed use areas. It seems to me that the provision of housing is a key
part of that. Rather than give 10 points if they have more than four, maybe
the 10 points or the 20 points would come if they have ten or more or
whether the dwelling units provide enough workers to staff the office space
included. Then I would reduce the amount of points given to Items 2, 3 and
4.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think this is useful. I think Staff came up with a
good cut at it. I think we've given some useful feedback. Realistically for
the first year, it's really only between two projects. I think let's give them it
a shot and see what happens it.


                                                                          Page 59 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
