                          TRANSCRIPT
City Manager said about diversity. I mean, is it one area of the City which
you're going to have ten blocks or is it two areas that have ten blocks each?
How does this actually work?

Ms. Slater: We've been talking about this, and this is sort of one of the
things that we're going back and forth about. I think the consensus is we'd
like to try different neighborhoods because they all have different issues and
they're all connected in different ways. Rather than concentrate it in one,
we'd look for somebody from Greenmeadow and somebody from Barron
Park, just to get a sense of the differences. We're talking ten blocks for the
initial one in the spring, and then an additional 20 blocks in the fall. What
we want to do with all this, by the way—the whole reason to have the pilot is
to be able to debrief with each one of the teams and the team leaders,
saying what worked, what didn't work, what was confusing, what was too
long, what was too short. That's the whole point of the pilot, to sort of
uncover before we launch the Cool City Challenge, which we will do hopefully
next year. We want to make sure it works and that it's the optimal
program. That's why we're doing the pilot, just to find out what these issues
are in advance.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker—if we have other follow-up
questions, I'll recognize colleagues. Our next speaker is John Kelley, to be
followed by Lisa Van Dusen. Welcome.

John Kelley: Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff, Council Members. I'm here
tonight because I think this is an extraordinarily important opportunity for
the City to do something substantial about climate change and to do so in a
way that can really have a profound impact on our ability to respond to what
I think will be crises that we'll face in the future. The first thing I'd like to
say is if you're not familiar with the work of the IPCC, this is out of date
now. This is volume 2 of a three-volume work. It's Assessment Report 4. I
haven't even seen a hard copy of Assessment Report 5. In the middle of
this, the title of this is The Working Group 2 Contribution to the Fourth
Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. The
specific title is "Climate Change 2007:             Impacts, Adaptation and
Vulnerability." One of the things you'll find is that there's a close connection
between mitigation, impacts, vulnerabilities and adaptation. I think the Cool
Cities Challenge is addressing that particular fact. If you educate people
about the problem, if you tell them how to respond, you tell them how to
deal with emergencies, we as a community are going to be stronger, we're
going to be more resilient. I don't think there's a single way to do this,
whether it's emergency prep or Cool Cities or the Boy Scouts. I think

                                                                          Page 46 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
