                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I think we're saying it's premature. There's a range of issues in
Group 3. Some things might be easier to do. There's the technical, there's
the legal issues. Again, the same thing I keep saying that the Staff we have
working on this item are also working on ten other simultaneous
environmental items. We've got to figure out how we can support all of
those. We want to be thoughtful about it. This is why at the end of the
three-hour session Policy and Services had—I mean, actually they were
running away with ideas, I mean, like crazy as you can see. It was really
fascinating, but I think there was this recognition that that's a lot. You need
to come back and be thoughtful about what we're doing. I just want to say
we're exactly where the Council is. We don't think this is the solution. This
was just an intermediate step to try to advance. As the Mayor said last
week, you don't score a touchdown from the ten-yard line. We're just trying
to move forward a little bit. That was on another issue. We'll put our best
efforts to being able to bring back a good estimate this spring.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

MOTION RESTATED:          Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to:

A.    Approve the five “Group 1” Basement Construction Dewatering
      Program changes for the 2016 construction season on a pilot basis and
      add a sixth change, “dewatering flow will be metered”; and

B.    Continue working with the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD)
      in an effort on developing a further understanding of the north county
      groundwater systems, impacts of groundwater pumping, and
      opportunities for enhanced groundwater recharge. Direct Staff to
      provide an update on the work plan for this effort to the Policy and
      Services Committee in the first quarter of 2016; and

C.    Direct Staff to prepare a report for the Policy and Services Committee
      in the first half of 2016 to discuss Group 3 matters and the
      development of a potential recommendation to Council to direct
      additional work in one or more of these areas.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board.         That passes 7-2 with Council
Members Schmid and Holman voting no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

Mayor Burt: That concludes Item Number 11. We are now moving onto
Item Number 12. Items 12 and 13—I'm sorry, 13 and 14. I renumbered
them. We're anticipating that they are going to be very brief. If they are
                                                                        Page 66 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
