                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Does Staff recall what the percentage was of the
Royal Manor SSO that we did not approve, what the percentage of support
was approximately? If you don't have it off the top of your head, that's fine.

Ms. French: I don't recall. At the end, it was a bit up and down.

Council Member Wolbach:       It was fluctuating quite a bit.       That's fine.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to clarify. I was confused. Of the 44
homes that this would encompass, the four homes that are two-story, are
they supporting or not supporting? Are we counting them or not counting
them when we do these percentages?

Ms. French: All of the homes within the tract count towards the—are the 44.
To get to the current 25, we remove those who have submitted a reversal.
One of those is a two-story home on Ross, at the bottom of the page here.
There are four two-story homes. This is the new home on Louis. Here are
the other three two-story homes within the boundary. I think none of the
two-story homes support the proposal at this time.

Vice Mayor Scharff: None of the two-story homes support it?

Ms. French: Correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I know that a petition went out for the original
50-parcel tract.  After that, six homes along Tasmin, Talisman were
removed. Was there any sort of check-in with the other 44 parcels to ask
them whether or not their position was the same based on the newly drawn
boundary?

Ms. French: The applicants did—there were several public hearings where
there was opportunity for those to speak. The applicants did say they spoke
with some of those folks. I think the arguments for removing Talisman was
across the street and really next to a whole different neighborhood that
didn't have Eichler homes. It was kind of a ...

Council Member Berman:        Understood.    I understand the reason for
removing it. We didn't do a check-in with everybody to see (crosstalk).

                                                                       Page 50 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
