                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Pirnejad: It cannot be less restrictive than the State's.

Mayor Burt: That's different from more.

Mr. Keene: We would need a third party to certify that the Ordinance that
we adopt is not less restrictive than the State.

Mr. Pirnejad: Correct. I'm sorry.

Mr. Keene: That's it. Thank you. If I just might add to this. I don't want to
jump the gun here, preempt the Council or any speakers. I think there's
another variation on what Peter was talking about, about options, or maybe
I missed one. A couple of things. One is, as is often the case, even our best
attempts at inclusion and outreach and maybe particularly when we're under
pressure with a deadline, we haven't necessarily cast the net widely enough
for our community to, one, feel fully satisfied. Two, the Council could
potentially spend a long time sort of getting your heads around not only
what the Staff has recommended here but the relationship between what the
Staff has presented with what BAWSCA talked about with what the State law
is. You also have what I would guess is a pretty involved and complex
discussion on your next Agenda Item dealing with the Comprehensive Plan
(Comp. Plan) and the meeting with the Citizen Advisory Committee (CAC).
In some sense, both as it relates to time management and then the
implications of, say, not taking Action tonight, I would just suggest that you
might consider with this understanding. At a minimum, the new State law
or directive goes into effect, if I understand correctly, in February?

Mr. Pirnejad: February 1st.

Mr. Keene: February 1st. There probably will be things in the State law that
folks will not understand or will not like. That being said, any change from
the State law that we would make, or the State directive, as Peter has
mentioned, cannot be less effective or less restrictive than what they have.
I think that it's, at least to my reading, fairly clear that what we have
proposed goes further than the State directive at this point. I would suggest
that, one, the Council could—it may be in your best interest—consider not
attempting to craft a revised Ordinance tonight from what you have; accept
the fact that the State Ordinance would go into effect; and then if you hear
from folks from the public or however you want to ask some questions,
direct us to come back as soon as possible in the right setting for the Council
for us to just pour through what the final form should be. It doesn't sound
to me like there's a lot of risk in this interim. The real issues sound to be
like maybe a little complexity in tracking what happens through the permit
process in the short term. I would imagine that we could get back to the
Council pretty quickly for your decision on whether you want to adopt some
                                                                             Page 30 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
