                         TRANSCRIPT

other stakeholders, so that you have both the political policy representation
from the Council and the Staff support on our side.

Council Member Kniss: It reads Mayor and City Manager?

Mr. Keene: Correct. As amended.

Mayor Burt: Should we hear from members of the public first, and then go
into our discussion? If anyone else wishes to speak, please bring cards
forward. I see that we have representatives of some of our neighboring
cities' Councils. Welcome. Each speaker will have up to three minutes to
speak. Our first speaker is Bret Andersen, to be followed by Andrew Boone.
Welcome.

Bret Andersen: Thank you. Yes, my name's Bret Anderson. I'm a resident
in Palo Alto, Midtown area. I am basically here just to show up in person in
support of the letter that was sent to Mayor Burt and other members
regarding looking at an allocation of all of these public funds that could be
raised by this tax measure and focusing those on investments in
transportation that would have the most return for our community.
Specifically to try and steer away from investments that just perpetuate the
existing status quo of a car-based transportation system. Given the fact
that we're built-out basically in the Peninsula, that we've built all the roads
in the open spaces that we can. The only alternative really for further car-
based transportation is to expand the roads, widen the road, which has
minimal impact on congestion reduction and parking problems. Those
problems that we have are basically kind of a burden or a gift of economic
success. We have to live with those going forward. I don't think that we
can expect to reduce congestion necessarily with any of these initiatives,
alternative or investments in the traffic in roads. What we're looking for is
multiple benefits, alternatives to the car that provide access to people, to
jobs that would be in Palo Alto that today might not be able to get here
without an automobile.       That's for economic efficiency.     We need an
investment that provides a sustainable infrastructure, so alternatives to the
automobile which is a pretty inefficient from a carbon perspective. We also
need to look at health and safety issues when we make these investments.
Additional cars on the road is not really improving the safety in terms of all
the alternatives that people have for walking, biking or for transit. My main
message is really to look at the multiple benefits that we can get from
alternative investments to the automobile as a mode of transportation and
maximizing what we can do with our trains, with busing, with walking,
biking. If we do have to invest in expressways and roads, let's make sure
                                                                         Page 73 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
