                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: $45,000 out of a $1.3 million plan or something like that. One
of the concerns that was raised actually by the Weekly was that this would
be the totality of our---looking for the business community to pay for the
totality of our transportation programs or solving our traffic problem. Can
you share with us any of the dollar amounts approximately that we're
spending or categories on our various other transportation initiatives both
currently and what's coming up with the advanced signalization system and
the bike share program, the whole myriad of things we're doing?

Mr. Keene:     Mr. Mayor, after seeing that, I was hoping to get some
information from Josh Mello and some detail. I just was not able to get that
today. I don't think it's a fair characterization, however, if you just look at
the scale of our Capital Improvement Program (CIP) itself. There's a lot of
funding sources that also come from General Fund revenue streams. We
could look at allocating how much is paid by businesses and how much is
paid by residents. I don't think it's close to an accurate characterization if
we were to look at the totality of what we spend that is even remotely
transportation-related. This really tilts the balance to the detriment of
businesses. We could get you a better sort of quantified report on that.

Mayor Burt: Finally, on the prospective structure of this, where we had the
first 10 employees exempt, employees 11-50 at half rate, and full rate
above that, the poll, to simplify matters, didn't go into that explanation. It
just said a company of 1-10 paid nothing, and a company of 11-50 paid the
half rate. I wanted to make sure that it was—what my recollection of what
the Committee discussed repeatedly, in the presence of members of the
Chamber and others who were there, was that the tentative intention was
that a company that, say, had 51 employees would pay nothing for the first
10, half rate for 11-50, and then for the 51st employee and beyond they
would pay the full amount. Is that what everybody understood as not a
decided recommendation, but what we were using as the tentative
discussion? I'll say that we have here—I haven't gone through it in detail,
but we have our transcripts. I'm prepared to go through the transcripts and
cite (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: I think we clearly had discussions about those matters. I don't
think we definitively settled on one. I do think the methodology we did use,
though, stuck with this simpler piece. I think the yield estimates that we
used, based on the numbers that we were using, were based on not having
a more complex ratio apply.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can now hear from members of the public.
You'll have each up to three minutes to speak. Our first speaker is Rob


                                                                         Page 61 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
