                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: There will be a rebuttal time as well at the end.

Ms. Jones: I'll just conclude by saying that the investigation that has been
done shows that there are no changes in circumstances that would show a
new significant impact or a substantial increase in severity of previously
identified impacts. That is the standard under CEQA. That's why we're just
implementing the mitigation measure and moving forward.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We now will go to members of the public. We
have two different grouped speaker cards if I'm reading this correctly. The
first one is Lenny Siegel speaking on behalf of Sally Heaton, Pat Robinson,
Eileen Stolee and Diana Finkelstein. Welcome.

Lenny Siegel speaking for Sally Heaton, Pat Robinson, Eileen Stolee, Diana
Finkelstein: Good evening. Tonight I'm here not as a Mountain View
colleague but representing the Center for Public Environmental Oversight.
We have funding from the United States Environmental Protection Agency
(USEPA) to provide technical assistance to communities on vapor intrusion.
I have been working with the College Terrace residents since December.
Vapor intrusion is the migration of volatile, toxic substances into overlying
buildings. When a compound like TCE is in the subsurface, it volatilizes and
is actually sucked up by buildings because of the lower vapor pressure inside
the building or the air pressure inside the building and the vapor pressure in
the soil. It is found in many places like Mountain View, all over the country.
It is something that can be resolved easily with a sub-slab depressurization
or sub-slab venting system. The proponents here claim that, because of the
clay lithology—the soil is clay—that the contamination is isolated and it
doesn't move in the groundwater, it doesn't move in the soil. I don't think
the evidence backs that up. I'm going to be saying a little bit about
technical things. Try to keep it fairly simple, and then explain why I think
the mitigation the Department of Toxic Substances Control normally calls for
and some of our neighboring communities call for would be more
appropriate. The State uses these standards for exposure to TCE in indoor
air. That's micrograms per cubic meter. It doesn't really matter what the
unit is. It's 0.48 to protect against cancer risk, 2.1 to protect pregnant
women because the risk of cardiac birth defects during pregnancy has to
occur during the pregnancy. You know it's less than nine months. It turns
out that DTSC toxicologists say it could be as short as one day. It's those
goals for indoor air that all of the mitigation, all the plans are designed to
protect people against. Because there's no indoors now, maybe they should
have tested the old buildings before they were torn down. Because there's
no indoors now, you can't sample that. What you do is you sample soil gas.
A gas is the gas that's within the soil. The soil isn't solid; it's got water and
gas in it. There are different versions of the soil gas screening levels that
                                                                          Page 21 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
