                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I understand, but we didn't think we're going to either
analyze or describe or describe different results. We focused this Agenda
Item on 5 and 6, because we were not intending to redo what we've already
done on 1-4. That would add significantly to our efforts.

Mayor Burt: You keep saying that as if it's a different analysis. That's not
what these are asking for.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    When we say Table 5, you add protecting and
enhancing the urban forest. Obviously ...

Mayor Burt: That one might ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I have concerns with that frankly. I'll say that because
I think it does.

Mayor Burt: Let's peel that one off separately. Based on what Hillary said,
that could cause a new analysis of 1-4. Council Member Holman, if you're
okay with that, it would apply only to 5 and 6. The other two are about
culling information from what's already been analyzed in 1-4 and just
sharing the information with us. Not new information, just culling it.

Ms. Gitelman: It could be that we just do that in the Final EIR and not in
this supplement on Scenarios 5 and 6. As long as you're fine with that, we
can ...

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Ms. Gitelman: ... carry that forward.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's fine. Do you need language that says that
in there? If you want language to add, I would suggest you add the
language now.

Ms. Gitelman: In the Final EIR for Scenarios 1-6.

Mayor Burt: I'm good with that.

AMENDMENT I RESTATED: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to add to the Motion, “in the Final Environmental Impact Report
(FEIR) direct Staff to:

    i.     Provide unbundled impacts of policies and programs to the
           degree that such information can be gleaned from the analysis.’”



                                                                      Page 78 of 92
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/29/16
