                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. We do have this. You've
mentioned for some time—last year Staff performed heroics. It was kind of a
catch-up year, it seemed to me and maybe to other colleagues. I know some
colleagues at least.       It was kind of a catch-up year where we were
accomplishing some things and tackling some things that hadn't been
addressed in a good long while. Again with the improved economy, we had
things that were happening that hadn't happened for a while or had been
exacerbated in the last year or two or maybe three. Thank you to Staff is an
understatement. I think with the post-Retreat effectiveness, addressing the
things that are on that—there's not a slide number to it—the Council Priority
work plan and Staff work plan and quarterly Retreat. I think it would be really
helpful to have a quarterly Retreat. We don't always know. If we wait a year
to see where things are and where the work plan is and what things have been
accomplished and how we move things around, I think that would really be
helpful.     It also could help address the thing that we've talked about
sometimes, City Manager and I and others as well. If the Council adds
something, then what are we moving to the side? That should be a policy
decision by the Council, not putting Staff in that kind of awkward position. Is
that at a quarterly Retreat? Perhaps that's one good way to address that, so
we don't just add to the burden. We actually to prioritize and say what things
could slip to the side. I'm not in favor of a rules committee because I think
prioritization and Staff work, I think, is a Council responsibility and not any
subset, whether it's two or four or whatever, two, three or four, whatever
number of Council Members. I think it's a Council responsibility, and it keeps
the Council informed of what's going on to. One thing, Liz and I were kind of
bouncing this little hot potato back and forth. I'll take the heat and bring it up
first. I guess one way of saying this is that in the community it's a little hard
sometimes to get the understanding that Council works as hard as—excuse me,
Council too—that Staff works as hard as it does because sometimes there's a
misperception or maybe is the 9/80 system the best, most effective system.
There are pros and cons to everything. I guess maybe that was implemented
many years ago, before you came on as City Manager, Jim. Is it time we had a
discussion about that? Is it effective? Is it efficient? Is it not? I know it's a
negotiated thing, but still do we need to have a discussion about that? It's a
question; it's truly a question. I know a lot of Staff members even on a 9/80
Friday, they're in working anyway. If they're working the 80 hours, but they're
still putting in another day, is that an advantage to Staff or not? I think there's
some questions and issues that we might benefit from having just a discussion
about it. I know other Council Members have the same question. Certainly,
members of the community do. I'll just throw that hot potato out there.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.


                                                                          Page 61 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
