                         TRANSCRIPT
position of support for the VTA tax. We think there are many well thought
through, specific and significant benefits to Palo Alto and the region from
that tax. I would hate to see its passage jeopardized by creating potential
confusion among Palo Alto voters, either thinking, "Too many taxes. I'm
just going to vote no on all of them," which we know is a common voter
response to overly complex ballots with revenue-raising measures on them.
In this case, you position two transportation taxes, one of which is for Palo
Alto specifically and the other is for BART—who knows what it's for. If I'm a
Palo Alto resident, I may say I'm going to vote for the Palo Alto measure,
I'm not going to vote for the County measure. As we all know, although the
polling on the County measure has been good, it's certainly not
overwhelming. The margin at this point is not strong enough where I think
we ought to jeopardize it with putting what will be viewed as a competing
rather than complementary measure on the ballot. The other point I wanted
to make, which has also been addressed but again I wanted to emphasize it,
is the serious lack of involvement of the business community in formulating
this proposal. When it was first discussed here at the Council, I think almost
all of the Council Members indicated they thought it was important that
there be outreach to the business community. It was important to have
input from the business community. The survey was not meaningful for the
reasons that Judy outlined. There were some interesting comments, but
they essentially amounted to a few anecdotes.           They certainly don't
represent anything from the business community. I have to tell you that
there is zero support for this in the business community. I haven't heard
any businessperson say that they would be willing to support this measure if
it's on the ballot this fall. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Annette Ross to be followed by Jessica Lynam.

Annette Ross: Good evening. I hadn't intended to speak tonight, but when
I heard the pollster say that they reached out to all the people on the
Registry, I wanted to tell you that's a concern because I'm on the Registry
and I was not contacted for this survey. I bet you that's a bigger problem
than you might know, so you should be relying on good information. The
other thing about the poll is there were two lines regarding fairness. I just
wondered what the two fairness issues were. If one of you could ask him
that, we could get that answer. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jessica Lynam to be followed by our final speaker,
Carl Guardino.

Jessica Lynam: Good evening, Mayor and members of the Council. Jessica
Lynam on behalf of the Palo Alto members of the California Restaurant
Association. I've been changing my talking points due to the fantastic

                                                                        Page 68 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
