                          TRANSCRIPT
the FAR is for. That one, I grapple with. As far as the parking is concerned,
I grant that it's sort of hard to tell exactly from the Code, but customer
parking is—I think of it as I go to the grocery store. I park my car in the
parking lot. I go inside and I buy some groceries and I come home. As
opposed to I take my car there and they take it inside. It's customer
parking until they start working on it. Once they start working on it, it's
actually service and so forth. That seems very hard for me. That's what I'm
struggling with. I like the use. I like the appropriateness. I'm concerned
about the building.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to offer a friendly amendment. "E," I'd
like to recommend that we change that to "require that the building be bird
safe in its structure and that the applicant work with Staff and the Audubon
Society to minimize lighting impacts on wildlife." Yeah, lighting impacts on
wildlife.

Council Member DuBois: I'm actually going to say no to that, because I did
have the question about lighting.        I thought our ARB Commissioner
addressed those, that a lot of the light would not be visible. Some of it was
only 40 inches above the ground.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to clarify, the recommendation was lighting
impacts on wildlife.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I would decline. If you want to make it a
separate Motion, you can.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll make it a separate Motion.

Council Member Berman: I'll second.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to replace Part E of the Motion with, “require that the
building be bird safe in structure and that the Applicant work with Staff and
the Audubon Society on lighting impacts on wildlife.”

Council Member Wolbach: Just to speak to it briefly. I appreciate what
Council Member DuBois just mentioned about lighting, provisions that have
already been made. My emphasis here is less about the impacts of lighting
on the aesthetics and more about the potential for negative impacts on
wildlife. I think that there are best practices available. Through consultation
with Staff and the Audubon Society, I think that the project can
accommodate those probably pretty easily.
                                                                          Page 121 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
