                          TRANSCRIPT
beginning at 6:00 P.M. It's called Conversation. The public is invited to join
the conversation and celebrate this interactive art installation. We'll have
the artist, Susan Narduli, who will greet visitors and discuss her vision.
Right now for the most part it's just been sort of simply mining some Twitter
feeds and that sort of thing. I think there will be opportunities and
explanations to let folks know how both within City Hall at the kiosk or
remotely being able to again text or send messages and information that can
ultimately be put up in the display. The whole idea is just that the center of
City government to be a place where the community is able to on a 24/7
basis as much as possible for people to have their voices heard. We'll have
a little live jazz music and light refreshments. It will last from 6:00 P.M. to
7:30 P.M. Again, that's this Wednesday in the City Hall Lobby. That's all I
have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: At this time, we can move on to the Consent Calendar. Do we
have a Motion to approve? Sorry. Did I skip over—sorry. I was out of
order. Our next item is Oral Communications. We have one speaker, Sea
Reddy. You have up to three minutes to speak.

Sea Reddy: Thank you for the opportunity. Thank you, Mayor. It's just to
clarify my—I shortened my name to Sea Reddy. I'm Seelam Reddy, and it
often gets called Saleem, but Sea please. I take anything good, so it's no
problem. I just wanted to announce I am planning to run for the 24th
District Assembly. Very able people like Marc Berman—he's not here—but
many others are already there. Mine will be a $2,000 campaign. I do not
plan to put signages. I think we can do it on an e-basis, e-ideas. You'll be
seeing me wherever the forums are, wherever they invite me. Robert Rice,
yesterday, two days ago, said, "Why do you need 2,000? You should do it
lesser than that," in one of the get-togethers in San Jose. What I'm looking
for here is for you to give me opportunity to understand the top 24 things
we can do better. I'm using the 24 number to look at many 24 things that
we could do better with the State government and allocation of resources in
our communities. My theme is uplift East Palo Alto, so we can bring them,
and down lift all the rules and regulations so we can (inaudible) the crap that
we don't need, so businesses can flourish, people can succeed. Stanford
interface, we know we have a lot of friction. I'd like to fix that, a lot more. I
want to get more funds out to the City. I don't want any more growth than
needed. We have beautiful communities, Woodside, Los Altos. I don't think
we want to change any of that. We want to kind of downplay how we grow,
and we want to solve problems including minimum wage. This is one of the

                                                                          Page 20 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
