                          TRANSCRIPT
grading work should be completed by mid-October, to be followed by fine
grading, installation of underground utilities and irrigation, and planning for
the opening of the new Baylands golf links in the fall of 2017. That's all I
have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

[The Council returned to Item Number 3.]

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt:     While the Clerk is tabulating those, we will begin Oral
Communications. I have one speaker card. If anyone else wishes to speak
on an item not otherwise on the agenda, please bring a card forward. Our
speaker is David of Crescent Park. Welcome.

David of Crescent Park: Thank you. This is the first time I've done this, so
forgive me if I make some mistakes. I'm David, and I live in Crescent Park.
I just want to talk briefly about an issue that's come up on the neighborhood
mailing list of Airbnbs of single-family homes. As background, we own and
occupy our single-family home in Crescent Park. I know there's concern
about this. In particular, there's talk on the neighborhood mailing list of 14
separate individuals renting beds on Airbnb of a three-bed house on Lincoln.
There may be others speaking or planning to speak here tonight about this,
which is why I wanted to talk as well. People are rightly concerned about
parking and noise and unknown people in the neighborhood.                I'd be
concerned about these issues too; although, they don't directly affect us on
Addison. I want to make sure if there's any action that we're thinking of
taking that rightfully address the problems of overcrowding and parking, we
don't accidentally also hurt Palo Alto families who are increasingly relying on
Airbnb to get by. In our case, to supplement our family's income and to
allow us to stay part of this community, we sometimes rent our home to a
family and corporate groups on Airbnb, often when we're out of town or on
vacation. We have a large, six-bed family house with a mortgage and
property tax to match. The people we rent to (inaudible) are cohesive
groups, family or corporate groups often with small kids coming for a short
visit, who want to stay together in a large family-oriented home in a great
residential neighborhood rather than in a more impersonal, small hotel room
in a commercial district. Examples that we've rented to are families coming
for Stanford graduation, wedding and sports events, Palo Alto residents
coming and bringing extended family and friends for a celebration or
vacation or, in one case, a funeral, a family group coming with someone
attending a conference or volunteering or training at Stanford, classmates
coming in for reunions. Also local companies bringing in employees from

                                                                        Page 25 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
