                          TRANSCRIPT
at least one of the questions that Council Member Filseth had had to do with
the traffic study on Page 40, Table 9. There was a question about the
reduction of existing plus existing plus project and the reduced delay or the
increase in delay, depending on how you look at it. I think that was one of
the questions that was to be presented to applicant's consultant who, I
believe, is present.

Council Member Filseth: If you look on Page 194 ...

Ms. Gerhardt: That's Page 21 of the Transportation Impact Analysis (TIA).

Council Member Filseth: Yes. In the morning, the average delay at the
Page Mill/El Camino intersection appears to drop from 65.7 seconds to 58.8
seconds when you add the project. That seems counterintuitive. What's the
rationale behind that?

Jane Clayton, Hexagon Transportation Consultants: I completely agree with
you. I'm glad the question came up earlier. My name is Jane Clayton; I'm
from Hexagon Transportation Consultants. I just checked the appendices.
As far as I can tell—I was not the Hexagon staff member who did this
report—the number for existing is wrong in that table. You caught the error.
I apologize. For the A.M. peak hour, the existing should be 58.4, so that it
does go up by 0.4 second. For the P.M. at that intersection, the existing
should be 48.9. There is no change in average delay.

Council Member Filseth: That answers that. My other one was if you look at
background plus project (inaudible). The other one looks like—am I reading
this right? It actually does increase once you add the background, is what it
looks like.

Ms. Clayton: Yes, it does.

Council Member Filseth: That makes sense. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Who would like to go first? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A few comments, maybe at least one rhetorical
question. Just to start off with framing considering this. My (inaudible)
tends to be when we're considering a zoning change, we should be open to
that when it benefits Palo Alto. The question for me when evaluating this,
like any proposed zoning change, whoever is proposing it, is how does Palo
Alto benefit. Looking at the existing use of the site, I think the existing use
of the site is not great. I think the existing building is actually really
unattractive. It's one restaurant. It doesn't utilize an important area very
effectively. I think something better potentially could be there. I'm not sure
                                                                        Page 42 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
