                         TRANSCRIPT
for other uses and the space rented for vehicle storage be used for Animal
Services.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's acceptable to me.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and direct Staff to consider
the long term capital program for the animal shelter and that this
consideration includes the surrounding land and related services.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Can I ask a clarification? Is your intention that as
the long-term capital program is being considered, use of these lands would
be considered or is it as a long-term capital program is being implemented?
That could be a long delay.

Mayor Burt: It would be as it's being considered.

Council Member Holman: Can we make sure that's clarified in here?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I'm going to support the Motion with
pretty significant reservations. Those reservations didn't exist until I heard
from the public and from our employees, who brought up a lot of interesting
questions that weren't in the Staff Report and that weren't in the Staff
presentation. I'm glad that they raised those issues, and I'm glad that Staff
will be coming back to us with—it won't be all the I's dotted and T's crossed
guaranty that it will be exact same services we provide. Council Member
Holman does bring up a good point. Four and a half years ago, in the middle
of my first run for City Council, this issue erupted. It really took our
community by storm because they love so much the services that are
currently provided by the Palo Alto Animal Services. It's important that we
not fix one problem, which is the significant budget gap that exists under our
current operating, and create another problem, which is dramatically reduce
the services that our community has come to know and love over the past
114 years or however long it's been. I don't know what the timing is on
this. In all likelihood, I won't be on Council anymore when it does come
back, but I hope whoever is sitting in my chair seriously looks at the
different services...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are you leaving in December? It says December 16.

                                                                       Page 63 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
