                          TRANSCRIPT
and that process. We'll be distributing a schedule and reaching out to
stakeholders this week. We'll provide Council Members with a summary of
the information we'll share with neighborhood representatives. We believe
that our experiences with the Downtown RPP program should allow for a
reasonably accelerated schedule. Initial community meetings for the new
programs are expected to begin this July. The Downtown program has been
going well, and City Staff will bring an update to the Council in August along
with a resolution to expand the boundaries of the eligibility area so we can
capture the streets in Crescent Park that submitted an RPP petition earlier
this year. Finally, I did want to share and I will present to the Mayor that
the League of American Bicyclists has re-designated the City of Palo Alto as
a bicycle-friendly community at the gold level. This decision involved careful
review of our application in consultation with the local cycling community. It
is presented only to communities with strong commitments to bicycling.
There are only 24 other gold-designated communities in the United States.
The designation is valid for four years and will be due for renewal in the
summer of 2020. At that time, I have challenged our Staff, though, to be
sure that we move beyond the gold level to the platinum level. We would be
joining the Cities of Boulder, Davis, California, Fort Collins, Madison and
Portland, Oregon, in this elite category. According to the League's report
card, which they put out—I'll send the Council a copy of that—our strengths
when compared to other bicycle-friendly communities include the share of
our transportation budget we spend on cycling, active bicycle advocacy
groups, our bicycle advisory committee, the implementation of a bicycle plan
and the number of bicycle Staff to population. The things that are holding
us back from moving to the platinum level—I think these are worth sharing
with the Council, because both your adopted Bicycle and Pedestrian Master
Plan and the funding you've put aside will really help us accelerate our
progress in these areas. They include the low miles of bicycle lanes on
arterials and major collector streets as a factor. Some lack of more bicycle-
friendly laws and ordinances is something we'll be looking at. The need for
more bicycle parking, something the Mayor repeatedly reminds me at every
opportunity. That's something that we can begin to accelerate. Right now
we actually provide that—we don't so much have a Master Plan as much as
have it being responding based upon requests.              I asked our Chief
Transportation Official and our Planning Director today, let's put a marketing
and outreach program together that lets people know how they could easily
make the requests for more bicycle parking installation. We actually have a
higher number of crashes per 10,000 bicycle commuters, and we need to
look at how we get that down. The League specifically recommends that the
City—I apologize for actually being unfamiliar with this term. It sounds like
an Italian word. We create an open streets ciclovia-type event, repeal our
Bicycle Registration Ordinance, and better educate and inform adult
population on bicycling as a transportation alternative. With that, I will just
                                                                         Page 3 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
