                          TRANSCRIPT
intent of your Code and the Comprehensive Plan. In fact, strict application
of the zoning regulations (regs) will result in inconsistency in the
neighborhood rather than consistency specifically due to this one outlier
home on the block that has a very deep lot and a front setback of
approximately 69 feet. This lot, with a significantly more shallow lot depth is
required to have a 37-foot setback. This 69-foot lot throws off the average
and requires this lot to be further set back than the balance of its neighbors
which are set back between 21 and 32 feet. This puts this property at a
disadvantage vis a vis the surrounding neighbors. This is what constitutes a
substantial hardship under the Code. By definition, the variance provisions
are designed to remedy this type of circumstance. The findings you're
required to meet were set forth by Staff. All those findings are met. The
structure is otherwise compliant with all City Codes and requirements and
has been approved by Planning. We're unaware of any opposition to this
request, and we ask that you support Staff's recommendation. I will turn it
over to the architect.

John Klopf, Applicant (Klopf Architecture): Thank you. Thank you to the
City Council for hearing our case. My name is John Klopf from Klopf
Architecture. Our variance is a good example of how the nitty-gritty of
implementing a law can work contrary to the intent of that law. The law in
this case is a context setback, which you've heard about. It's supposed to
promote a more uniform front yard setback for a residential block. As
applied in our case, it causes just the opposite. If you refer to the handouts
or Diagram No. 1, this represents the current situation on the block. The
special setback would be 24 feet. As you've heard, due to the contextual
setback the house must be 37 feet back. The owners are asking for a 32-
foot setback. All the other properties on the lot have a setback roughly
between 14 and 32 feet, except for the one. The 69-foot setback of the
neighboring property is clearly an outlier. Because of the way contextual
setbacks are calculated, it's become the major influencing factor for our lot,
causing in our case the required 37-foot setback. Our clients are fond of the
oak tree. We all love big oak trees that's on this lot. We have an arborist's
report that indicates the oak tree on this lot will be protected with the 32-
foot setback. We're not asking to go any further forward than what the
arborist has approved. The next slide shows what the contextual setback
would be if the outlying properties were excluded. The Staff Report contains
our variance application. On Page 2 of our variance application letter, we
put an excerpt from the revised for Committee of the Whole 6/18/01 report
on zoning regulation. The excerpt indicates that the committee intended to
exclude outliers from the contextual setback calculations. Because of the
way the law was eventually drafted, this intention to eliminate outliers is not
always borne out in practice. As mentioned previously, blocks with three or
fewer houses have no contextual setback. Blocks with four houses have a
                                                                         Page 27 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
