                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Jobs, got it. You're going from 9,850 to 6,600?

Council Member Schmid: To 6,200, yes.

Council Member Filseth: What's Staff's opinion? Can we get to 6,200 jobs?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. I'm afraid that it is really
unrealistic. We have 2,400 jobs right off the top for the Medical Center.
That would mean for the 15 years we'd only be adding 250 jobs a year. If
we permit even close to the 50,000-square-foot office annual limit in part of
the City and only a fraction of the development potential in the Research
Park, we will be in excess of that number quite quickly. We really put some
thought into saying 10 percent below Scenario 2 is aggressive in terms of
job productions.

Council Member Filseth: Guys, you got any response?

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Council Member Filseth: I was asking the maker of the motion if he's got
any comments on that. Staff says we can't get there, so it's an academic
scenario.

Council Member Kniss: In the amendment?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

Council Member Schmid: We are coming out of a period of 6 or 7 years
where we've had very rapid growth. Compared to history, we've been
growing at twice the level we had over the previous 20-25 years. The
question is as the future of Palo Alto is that a good thing. We are seeing the
escalation in both commercial and property prices beyond what we expect
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: He had a specific question.

Council Member Filseth: I get that. I'm not espousing rapid job growth, but
I don't want to support a scenario that's not ever possibly going to happen.
That's my question.

Council Member Schmid:     We have an annual limit of 50,000.       This is an
annual limit ...

Mayor Burt: No, only in certain areas.

Council Member Filseth: I got what I needed. Thanks.
                                                                      Page 114 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
