                         TRANSCRIPT
is $1,000. It's hardly consistent with what today's dollar values are. The
other thing I note is that only is for Downtown historic structures and not
other places in the City. It seems like we ought to be mindful of our CLG
status and responsibilities. The other thing I would bring up, just quickly,
are 8.04.020. Some of these are not exactly clear what they're intended to
be. Maybe what could come back is also a clarification of what the intention
is. 8.04.080, 010, 050 and 070, those all have to do with tree care. These
are now called permit-required tree work, interference with tree
enforcement, protected trees, care of protected trees. I'm presuming 050,
when it says protected trees, does that mean to remove a protected tree
without a permit, that penalty is $500. Again, not consistent with today's
dollar values.   I'm sure Staff can come back with what would be a
reasonable way to evaluate those reasonable penalties whether it's an inch
of diameter, a dollar amount per foot or life of a tree and how long it takes
to get to be the size, whatever's commensurate with what some other
communities do. Those are my comments.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just wanted to say that the two that are
identified are the PC and the Transportation Demand Management. I would
emphasize the second one as much as the first. They are both extremely
important for the long run and need addressing, clarity.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I think there may be things on here that
we no longer need, like no trespassing in the City landfill. We don't have a
City landfill anymore. I was just thinking if there was stuff that could be
cleaned up while we do it, it'd be a good opportunity. There's a couple of
things I actually have no idea what they are. If someone wants to just
briefly look through this and see if there are things we don't need any more.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I concur with everybody, particularly the cleanup.
It might be worth touching on the taxi items versus Uber. I'd be interested
to know. We have several taxi fees.

Mayor Burt: I see no more comments. If that's the case, we can continue
this item to a date certain of November 7th. Thank you all.

NO ACTION TAKEN

                                                                      Page 36 of 104
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/4/16
