                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Were there any folks that you guys reached out to
that didn't express an interest? Yes. Was that a lot of folks or was that ...
Got you. Have you guys had any kind of discussions about synergies that
might exist between a Downtown TMA and Stanford Shopping Center? You
talked about other cities, but Stanford Shopping Center, which technically is
in Palo Alto, has a lot of the retail companies that smaller companies, and
bigger with the bigger stores, might have some synergies with Downtown.
Have you guys thought about that at all?

Ms. Silvani: Not yet. We decided to draw the border around Downtown
again to be manageable, to get something going. Having said that, we've
had a call from another shopping center, Town and Country. We're in
conversation with them. That would be something that as we start to work
on a strategic plan and say, "Where are we going and what are our
programs and what do we need in funding and who else can we offer them
to and who else benefits and can have value from this," we'll get there.

Mr. Mello: I would just add that I've been talking up the TMA any chance I
get when I meet with property owners that are struggling with parking and
access. I've been referring them to the TMA. I think we have opportunity to
do that a lot more in the future.

Council Member Berman: Thanks. Thank you, guys, and Mr. George. You
gave a presentation like you were a consultant. I was really impressed by
your mastery of the subject. That was great. Really appreciate your work
on this.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll just follow on to what Council Member Berman said.
Thank you very much for putting all your time and effort into this. I actually
agree with your approach on the whole, which seems to be to form a nimble
board that makes an impact in a short period of time and then reassess
where you are after you've done. That's sort of what I heard; I hope that's
right. I was a little confused about the draft budget for pilot programs and
the budget on Page 13 and how they relate to each other. Maybe you could
tell me how they relate to each other. They seem completely different.

Ms. Silvani: I think the budget that is in your big thick packet was prepared
some time ago, so it's not the most current budget. Since that budget was
prepared, the slide that we showed you is the most recent iteration of the
budget for this pilot.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If I look at the slide you showed me, where is the
Executive Director's salary, where is the annual commute survey, where is
                                                                        Page 51 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
