                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I hadn't heard that. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. First of all, I'd like to say I thought you did a
really good job on putting this together. I think it's really thoughtful. I can
tell there's a lot of thought that went into each of these, and it's not that
easy. Some of the questions I had to start with. What are you asking us to
do exactly? Staff recommends adopt the attached framework. If you adopt
it, are we adopting it exactly as written? This document you want us to
adopt, are we adopting it exactly as written or are you going to make
changes to it? How does that work if we say we're adopting this document?

Mr. Keene: Can I jump in? I think that is what we're doing, asking you to
adopt it as is. We've called out these guiding principles and decision criteria.
Obviously, everything else is still here in the framework, the verbiage, the
strategies, the targets and even some of the greenhouse gas reduction
estimates at a high level. That being said, Council Members are making
comments today that we're paying attention to. Rather than getting back
into Motions of specifics, I'd rather if and when you put forward a Motion you
ask us to look at incorporating the commentary that the Council made about
the language. You would be adopting this but, in one sense, we would then
have to share with you the document in its final form. Hopefully, that
doesn't engender a whole other conversation. To be clear, we've reworked
the foreword, we've toned down some of the hyper-aspirational aspects,
we've added some of these comments and details.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Getting to that part, it's funny. Actually with the
substance of this, I really have no problem. I like the guiding principles. I
like the design. My concern is what we use this document for and what it
looks like over a 30-year period. It's 2030, so it's a 15-year period. As we
look at that, this is written a little bit—it's not really a criticism—like a Staff
Report for now as opposed to a document that you would read 10 years
from now. We ask a lot of questions in this as opposed to—on Tom's point,
where it says 90 percent EV, you then give an explanation, is this
reasonable, is this whatever. It's just my opinion, but I think if I was
looking for a document, it would be more formal and less—what's the word?
Less asking questions about why. More explanation as to we think we can
achieve this for the following reasons as opposed to more colloquial. This
document has a weird mix in it of really informal comments and acronyms.
As Mayor Burt mentioned, formal language that people—for instance, things
like wild-eyed radicals at Goldman Sachs. It just jumps out at me. Then,
we have some very formal parts of it. It's getting that mix on the language
better. I don't usually focus on the non-substance as much, but I do think
that we might want to just take a look at that and write it thinking about
what is this going to sound like to someone who reads it 5 years from now.
                                                                           Page 39 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/28/16
