                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: We should say "pension benefits."

Mayor Burt: It would be Section 115 pension benefit trust. I don't know if
that's the right way to describe it.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm okay with that too.

Vice Mayor Scharff: "Other post-employment benefits" goes away.

Mayor Burt: Yes. Council Member Holman. I'm going to try and speed this
along because we are running out of time.

Council Member Holman: Appreciate the Motion. Thank you very much for
that. I'm going to ask for one amendment, two amendments. Appreciate
the comments by anyone who's spoken to this, especially the comments of
our Urban Forester. That is the matter of the trees. I would propose as an
amendment that we do include a budget amendment that would—a budget
change that would allow for the 7-year cycle for pruning. Here's why. If it
was overlooked, Mr. Passmore spoke about the greenhouse gas benefits of
our urban forest. We talk interminably about our interest in reducing
greenhouse gases. Our urban forest naturally accommodates those with no
effort on our part. They just naturally do that. Trying it out—with due
respect, trying this out to see how it works and what the consequences could
be, if we have a liability because a limb falls on somebody, how do you go
back? We have been, as you said Vice Mayor Scharff, penny wise, pound
foolish. The other is if we lose trees because we aren't adequately caring for
them and maintaining them, how do you go back and restore those trees?
It's just not possible. I offer as an amendment to allow for a 7-year tree
pruning cycle rather than the 10-year proposed cycle. To the Vice Mayor.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm actually very sympathetic to it, but I think it should
be a separate amendment.

Council Member Holman: I'll offer it as a separate amendment and look for
a second. Council Members, greenhouse gas advocates.

Council Member Filseth: Can I comment on that? I'd have a—between ...

Mayor Burt:   We can do comments on it, but I think it fails for lack of a
second.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “include a change to allow for a 7 year tree
pruning cycle.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND
                                                                            Page 55 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
