                         TRANSCRIPT
recommendation to Council of reducing that permit cap of 2,000 over time.
We are open to a discussion of doing that in the future. We had talked
about coming back with a formula at some point, but that number of 2,000
permits is what determined this allocation that's on the screen. Permit types
is roughly similar to what we see on the ground right now with Phase 1. In
Phase 1, we're relying primarily on permits that are printed from the
computer. In Phase 2, we'll be having actual physical permits, but the
permit types are generally the same. Residents in the Downtown RPP
District would be eligible for up to four annual resident passes. Those are
vehicle specific, and they'll be decals that would be adhered to the vehicle.
They're not able to be removed; they have security slits in them so that they
can't come off in one piece. That makes sure that the car that it's put on is
the car that it stays on essentially. Again, those resident permits are valid
anywhere in the Downtown RPP District. The first resident permit would be
free of charge.

Council Member Schmid: Excuse me.

Council Member DuBois: I didn't mean to interrupt you.

Ms. Atkinson: No, that's fine.

Council Member DuBois: I was going to ask in a second which was you're
going to get to the hang tags. Could you just explain like why wouldn't
people just buy hang tags instead of the permit stickers?

Ms. Atkinson: Sure. They can get either. Residents can get up to four of
the sticker permits, and those are meant for the resident vehicles. They're
eligible for one free of charge, and then up to three additional for $50 each.
The hang tags, they're able to get two per household, and those are $50
each. It's up to the household how they'd like to manage their permits. If
they'd rather have one free of charge decal and two hang tags, that's up to
their discretion.

Council Member DuBois: They're not tied to cars in any way?

Ms. Atkinson: The hang tags are not. The hang tags are a transferrable
permit. It just hangs from the rearview mirror. In the program, they're
meant for visitors and for household employees. If you have somebody who
frequents your house, like a nanny or a caretaker, basically you'd keep it in
your junk drawer and you'd give it to people when they come over.
Whereas, the decals are meant for the resident cars, and they get put on
and they stay on for a year. Residents also have the ability to get visitor
daily scratchers. Those are the two at the bottom. The residents are the
green ones. You'll see on those two hang tag permits on the bottom, they're
                                                                       Page 82 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
