                         TRANSCRIPT
they don't want to drive home, we want to make that—we want to
encourage that. We want to encourage them to leave their car and call an
Uber or a Lyft or walk or to find some other way home rather than driving
intoxicated. Just speaking for myself, I don't have a problem with overnight
parking. I think we should, in fact, encourage that rather than encouraging
unsafe behavior.

Ms. Atkinson: If I could comment on that really quickly.

Council Member Wolbach: Sure, please.

Ms. Atkinson: That was just placeholder text that our consultant put in
there. Very open to changing it. We can discuss a little beyond there at a
later time. That was just to show what text on that sign type would look
like.

Mr. Keene: We had campaign language, but I told them to take that off.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that. As far as the—that's it for my
questions.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have a burning question which is who are the
stakeholders who liked the most expensive solution and didn't like the
revenue controls. Seriously, I'd like specifically to know.

Ms. Sullivan: Would you like names?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, they weren't in the report. Specifically, who
were these stakeholders?

Ms. Sullivan: We had a—let's see. We had several members of the parking
committee, some residents, some Downtown business folks. I mean, I can
give you their names if you want.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I'd like to know.

Ms. Sullivan: Dena Mossar, Chop Keenan, Judy Kleinberg, Russ Cohen, Bob
McGrew, Bern Beecham and Terry McCarthy.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. There was a letter from the public that
made a point about using kind of national standard parking direction signs
versus custom signs. Does this estimate include a cost for custom signs
that's higher than standard signs?

                                                                      Page 60 of 78
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 4/11/16
