                          TRANSCRIPT
Planning Department budget and planning for that now was really the driver
behind the $500,000. We gave examples of this. We know we have some
things related to shuttle and the RPP expenditures potentially coming up.
Even though there is a specific edition related to the Finance Committee's
directive on two RPPs, we don't know if we'll get some other ones during the
course of the year, later on in the year. This was to provide us overall
budget flexibility, knowing for the most part it gets a subsequent approval
process more often than not from the Council when we've got to award a
contract to pay for it.

Council Member Holman: If I might just conclude where I am and to follow
up on City Manager's comments there. Just a reminder, the initiation of this
contingency fund for the Planning Department was to support Director
Gitelman's efforts, and the initiation of that was also to provide architectural
support. The response back was architectural and urban design support.
When Director Gitelman spoke to the Finance Committee, again, at our last
meeting, it was no dollar numbers assigned. Generally speaking, it would be
expended in a third, a third and a third. I don't know how to stipulate this,
but I would be most severely disappointed if approximately a third of it or at
least $200,000 wasn't spent on the architectural and urban design support,
given all the things we have going on in the community. Maybe one thing
that hopefully would be clarification. The Sustainability Director Contingency
Fund, we did not have—we probably could have gotten a 3-1 vote and
recommendation on that. I can only speak to my own personal perspective
on that. It's really to try to get some focus on projects that have the most
impact, it seems like, with this and maybe some other actions, I guess
maybe I could say. In the City sometimes it seems like we spend a lot of
effort on things that don't have a great positive result. They show well, but
they don't have a quantitative, large, positive result for all the time that was
spent on them. I think this was an effort by some of us to encourage a
greater focus on those actions that would have a greater impact on the
environment, that would have a quantifiable effect. I will stop there and
hope Staff will have some responses.

Mayor Burt: On the last item, if Staff can add any clarification as to the uses
of the Sustainability Contingency Fund, the anticipated uses.

Mr. Keene: Gil, please. I would add the same point also. In many of these
cases, we would often be back to Council with a subsequent contract or
spend request. Not in every one, but some of them.

Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer:   Thank you.   Gil Friend, Chief
Sustainability Officer.  As we discussed with the Finance Committee
previously, the contingency is contingent for two reasons. One is that, in

                                                                             Page 31 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
