                         TRANSCRIPT

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess, I know you've been working with coming up
with a revised dollar amount in these different categories. Do you have a
sense of when you'll have something for public consumption with your Board
and sort of the latest iteration?

Mr. Guardino: It's a fair question, especially when we've been working on it
for three-plus years. Since I enjoy being employed, I don't want to get too
far out in front of my Board and members. We've been trying to track in a
thoughtful way with the Envision Silicon Valley process which their next big
milestone is a workshop on April 22nd. We had planned to wrap up our
work by April 8th, so that we could thoughtfully weigh in on that. As
professional staff to the Leadership Group and working with our members,
your professional transportation staff and others for three-plus years, there
are some minor differences, but minor differences matter. I believe you
mentioned Caltrain earlier. We believe in a very robust investment, as I've
said to this Council in previous times that you've invited me to come, and
most of the funds coming to the North County because so much of the
economic growth is happening here, so many of those key grade separations
are here, in Sunnyvale, Mountain View and Palo Alto. We believe, as
professional staff to the Leadership Group, that that's where that should go.
We're a little early by only about 45 days of having those final numbers for
you to review. Those final numbers have been three-plus years of data-
driven analysis.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You expect those final numbers to be very supportive of
grade separations?

Mr. Guardino: Yes. Again, from a staff perspective—I just want to make
that clear—from a professional staff perspective, we believe the package
should be $900 million for Caltrain commuter rail improvements with 600 for
grade separations all in North County, in Sunnyvale, Mountain View and Palo
Alto.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mr. Guardino: You're welcome.

Vice Mayor Scharff: At this time then, I'll move that we approve an
advocacy direction to our City representatives regarding the proposed Santa
Clara County sales tax including general funding levels within expenditure
categories as developed in coordination with the other North County and
West Valley cities and, two, we authorize the Mayor and City Manager or

                                                                       Page 81 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
