                          TRANSCRIPT
would allow something else or a greater intensity of something else. I'm not
seeing how there would be any environmental impact.

Ms. Silver: I think that's a good point.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We're ready to go to the public. At this time, we'd like to open
the public hearing. Our first speaker is Bonnie Packer, to be followed by
Candace Gonzalez.

Public Hearing opened at 7:58 P.M.

Bonnie Packer: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members. My name is
Bonnie Packer. I'm President of the League of Woman Voters of Palo Alto.
The League of Women Voters applauds the City's continuing efforts to
provide mechanisms for the provision of housing for those with very low, low
and moderate incomes. The League has historically supported both Palo
Alto's inclusionary housing program and the assessment of housing impact
fees for nonresidential development for the affordable housing fund. These
programs have provided many below market rate rental and for-purchase
homes and have been a valuable source of funding for very low, low and
moderate income housing developments in Palo Alto. For this reason, the
League supports the proposed Citywide affordable housing requirements
ordinance and the housing impact fees that have been recommended by the
Planning and Transportation Commission. In our comments to the PTC on
this ordinance, the League noted the difficulty in balancing the desire to
ensure there is a robust affordable housing fund to support development of
multiunit housing for those very low, low and moderate-incomes versus the
desire to have a certain amount of below market rate housing units sprinkled
throughout the City. The Commissioners' thoughtful discussions on this and
other important policy issues were the basis for their recommendations
regarding the ordinance and the associated fee schedule. The League
supports the PTC impact fee recommendations that differ from those of the
Staff recommendations for the following reasons. An impact fee on new
rental housing that is comparable to neighboring cities, that is between $10
and $20 a square foot, would alleviate the negative impact to renters who
are already struggling to pay the current exceedingly high rental rates. The
impact fee of $95 per square foot on new detached market-rate housing
would help maintain an affordable housing fund. The League realizes that
the effect on the City's affordable housing policies and goals of the fee
schedule is unknown. Therefore, we support the PTC proposals that the
impact fees for nonresidential developments be phased in over five years
and that all impact fees be reviewed by the PTC on an annual basis. While

                                                                       Page 52 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 12/12/16
