                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Now that we actually do surveying, I'm trying to understand
why, when that doesn't align with the Commerce census, we would continue
to embrace the Commerce census over our actual City-specific data.

Council Member Schmid: Because I think all the data that is showing up in
our transportation systems and our traffic and our parking indicate that the
census data is probably fairly accurate. (crosstalk)

Mayor Burt: I guess I don't know that. If that is the case, then our
assumptions about the comparative accuracy of our Registry data would be
wrong. For me, it poses a question rather than a conclusion.

Mr. Keene: I think the Council made some decision to get more granular
and specific in this area, because of the utility that the information can
provide potentially for uses and purposes we're not even using it for right
now. There may be service delivery aspects of having this info that's
different than just what we would use in the Comp Plan. I think what we've
acknowledged is nobody gets this spot-on on the first pass through. This is
a multiphase process over a couple of years where we would definitely
expect that we get to scrub the numbers and the data and see where we
are. In truth, if we feel that they're really accurate and valid and then they
are different than ABAG's methodology, I would be with where the Mayor is.
Wouldn't we want to make that case potentially?

Mayor Burt: A question would be how do we get to that reconciliation. One
of the things that I brought up last year was doing a sampling where we
would look at a reconciliation. If we have census data and its business
specific, take X number of businesses and dig deeper and find out what's the
basis for the disparity. Right now we're just kind of in a stalemate, and
we're not moving toward reconciliation. I just don't think that—the answer
at the time by Staff was, "We can't possibly look at every business." I agree
fully. That's sampling; that's why we use statistical sampling. I think that
could get us much closer to figuring out why we have this disparity.

Mr. Keene: In any case, we're not poised to move ahead. We have what we
have for now. I think the appropriate time would be when we're ready to
step it up and we want to go the next phase. If the Council wants to
redirect us, you can do that then.

Mayor Burt:    Anything else on City Manager's Office?       Council Member
Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: If I can just weigh in briefly on the Business
Registry. I think it's really important that we be able to make a bottoms-up
approach like the Business Registry work. We know it can be done. We see
                                                                       Page 80 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
