                         TRANSCRIPT

their designee—a little different than what's there—to engage with VTA and
other stakeholders and refine the City's position and maintain consensus
with other cities while supporting maximum regional funding for rail grade
separations. I'm going to change it to say and congestion relief, which his
slightly different.

Council Member Kniss: Second

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:

A.   Approve advocacy direction to City representatives regarding the
     proposed Santa Clara County sales tax, including general funding
     levels within expenditure categories, as developed in coordination with
     other North County and West Valley cities; and

B.   Authorize the Mayor and City Manager or their designees to engage
     with Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) and other stakeholders and
     refine the City’s position and maintain consensus with other cities
     while supporting maximum regional funding for rail grade separations
     and congestion relief.

Mayor Burt: Would you like to speak further to your motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would. I think I'd like to first emphasize that I don't
believe we're locking ourselves into funding levels within those categories. I
think it's very, very important, as many speakers have said and Supervisor
Simitian has said, that we don't want to see this money get transferred to
BART somewhere along the process. If there are over-runs in that, what we
really want to see is that we have a funding source for grade separations, for
Caltrain improvements. That's what's really somewhat important to us in
this process.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I would agree. I don't think this lock us in. Carl, I
heard your admonitions about that. I think just as this says in here, this is
not a starting point. I think it is at least a midpoint, because a lot of
negotiations have been done, and a number of people have been involved in
this. They've looked at it carefully. My only warning would be, when you
look at the numbers, remember—as I recall this is 30 years, Carl? This is a
30-year program? In 30 years, I'm hoping we'll—aside from the fact that I
don't anticipate even being here. I think by that time, people will be
                                                                        Page 82 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
