                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Member Comments, Questions and Announcements.
Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple. A number of us, Council Member
DuBois, Mayor Burt, I think Council Member Wolbach came as well to the
fifth annual Posada at Buena Vista Mobile Home Park Saturday evening. It
was very well attended and transformative, as it is each year of the park.
Just great dancing, food, camaraderie, just a great event.         Also this
Thursday from 4:00 P.M. to 6:00 P.M. there is a tour of the Squire House on
University Avenue. You must reserve a ticket. It is a simple, simple email
address; it's squirehousepaloalto@gmail.com. This is a rare opportunity and
may be the last one.

Council Member Kniss: Why is it open?

Council Member Holman:        They're required to have an open house
supposedly annually, but it hasn't been happening because of the Mills Act.
Squirehousepaloalto@gmail.com. From 4:00 P.M. to 6:00 P.M., again it's
December 8, 4:00 P.M.-6:00 P.M..

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Quickly, there is currently a display in the Rinconada
Library, the old Main Library. It is a display called A Day in the Life of
Recovery, and it tells the stories of real people who have been diagnosed
with a mental illness or a substance use disorder and so forth. This is the
result of a day-long program that was held by Momentum, who is headed up
by David Mineta. The display looks like this if you were to see it. I have
been working with Beth and I will also work with the Mayor to see if we
could find some day to have a small reception there so that this can be
acknowledged. It's very impressive. It is already hanging at the Library, so
you can go by and take a look at it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. On that note, the meeting's adjourned.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, one last thing, just a reminder.
This Wednesday, the 7th, the Council Town Hall will be held at College
Terrace neighborhood at the Escondido school from 7:00 P.M. to 9:00 P.M.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thanks.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:08 P.M.

                                                                      Page 81 of 81
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/5/16
