                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: We do have vegetation interrupting sight lines in quite a few
locations. I think we could make a conscious effort in the final design
process to look at the sight lines and pick species that are not going to
obstruct the sight lines as they mature.

Council Member Wolbach: That would probably be something worth—I
guess I'm veering into comments here—something to consider for the
middle of roundabouts as well, so you can see across. My third and final
question for now. Regarding stop sign elimination, are there other options
that are available other than fully eliminating the stop signs, such as
potentially converting the stop signs to yield signs or any other third option
that I'm not considering?

Mr. Mello: You cannot have a four-way yield intersection, which means that
we would put the yield signs on the cross-street approaching the bike
boulevard, which then means the bike boulevard becomes uncontrolled,
which would increase travel speeds along the bike boulevard without some
type of treatment like a roundabout. If we put the yield signs on the bike
boulevard approaches, then the cross-street would be uncontrolled, and it
would require most people on the bike boulevard to stop when approaching
the cross-street. Yield signs don't really get us the benefit of removing
control along the bike boulevard corridor.

Council Member Wolbach: Any slow sign or warning or—this is what I'm
asking also. Is there another option aside from—is it just the binary choice,
either a stop sign or a yield sign or nothing? Are there other choices?

Mr. Mello: In some places, we've elected to recommend removal of stop
sign without any additional treatments because there's a nearby stop sign. I
think along Ross Road in particular what we've done is actually just better
space the stop signs. Instead of every block, it's every two blocks. In some
cases, there was a stop sign, stop sign and then no stop sign, no stop sign.
We've redistributed the stop control so that you have one every two blocks;
it's more consistent, but it also reduces the total amount of time that cyclists
are delayed traveling along the bike boulevard.

Council Member Wolbach: Just one quick follow-up then based on that
discussion. Do you incorporate foliage and fencing and building design into
determining whether maybe a stop sign should be preserved even if it's not
convenient for travel, just because there's a visibility issue?     Is that
incorporate in your consideration before the removal of stop signs?

Mr. Mello: There were a couple of spots where we wanted to remove a stop
sign, but we elected to leave it in because there were sight line issues.
Again, the far southern end of Ross Road, there's an intersection where
                                                                         Page 33 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
