                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: ... a place for those who are visiting the Park or there
for a short period of time to stay. It will be elegant and so forth.

Mr. Popp: It's this great center of technology and development and research
and all sorts of things that are occurring inside there. We get travelers from
all over the world coming to Palo Alto in order to visit those businesses.
We've got a hotel opportunity right here at the corner of that, that's
walkable distance to all of those. It just seems like such a great opportunity
to put more rooms right where we need them, right where the demand is so
that we can have people walking to their meetings instead of getting in cars
or Ubers or other things and driving.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you.

Mr. Popp: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. A few questions. Variance findings.
Looking at Number Two of the variance findings, the granting of the
application shall not affect substantial compliance with the regulations or
constitute a grant of special privileges inconsistent with the limitations of the
properties in the vicinity and the same zoning district as the subject
property. Substantial compliance, I mean this is a 50-foot setback that an
applicant is looking to intrude upon. I mean, it's a 50-foot setback. To give
a variance into that or to eliminate it, wouldn't that be a substantial
noncompliance? I'm looking at the findings that would have to be made to
grant a variance. That's Finding Number Two. While you're looking at that,
let me go to a couple or three other points. They're partially questions too.
We get a lot of comments from the public about new development. While
the applicant says they're not here to talk about floor area ratio, I don't
know that the Council can make comments on—even if we could make the
findings; I'm not sure if we can or cannot at this moment. I don't know how
we can consider a variance without some discussion about floor area ratio.
A hotel overlay, like any other zoning, is an up to 2.0. The comments we
get back from the public are that buildings create walls at the sidewalk, that
buildings are incompatible. You hear that from the Council some too,
because you might have four stories right next to something that's one or
two stories.    Lacking transition.    I don't know how we could have a
discussion about a variance accommodation, let's call it for the moment, to
some extent or other without also considering and commenting about what a
hotel might be or any project might be. I had a conversation earlier with the
Legal Department. I'm not advocating this, but I just want to put it on the
table. Should the Council be interested in some aspect of a variance, I

                                                                         Page 29 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
