                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought the bridge issue was separate from if they
want to build housing. I thought the bridge issue, frankly—there were
people in our community that want to have a foot bridge. I think there are
people that want to have no bridge. I'm not sure tying it to them building
housing on the west side—that seems pretty anti-housing as opposed to
asking for information in an EIR. I would strike that paragraph personally.

Ms. Gitelman: Just to add on. We've definitely heard this loud and clear
from some of our constituents in Crescent Park. The City of East Palo Alto
has really been advocating for a bridge alternative that they see as
increasing capacity. The same residents who are saying, "That's of concern
to us," are saying "Absolutely no way if you're using that capacity to support
new affordable housing just over the bridge." The issues have been linked in
the community's mind. Our including it in the letter was an effort to just
keep that on their radar screen, that these two issues have become linked
whether we like it or not. It's something to be aware of.

Mr. Keene: I appreciate your comment. We didn't want to send the other
signal to say that, by not at least mentioning it in here, we're not drawing
what the specific conclusion is. We're just saying that there's a potential
correlation between what the bridge design could be and development that
takes place. We're not doing anything other than saying that there's a
connection there, and it could impact us. We were concerned if we didn't
mention it, that it could be misinterpreted almost as if that's not an issue
that's out there. If you're supportive enough, ultimately, on some of these
other things, then we're okay on the bridge. This is one place where we
have very specific feedback from neighbors and community members in that
area about anxieties and concerns about that.

Mayor Burt: Can I add? If I recall, there are two issues on the bridge.
There's the bridge size, and then there's the question of the alignment with
Newell on the East Palo Alto side, and basically whether the bridge would be
designed to make that more of a vehicular thoroughfare. I'm interested in
us looking at how this area of East Palo Alto can become better served by
other means of transportation and to make sure that the EIR is looking at
what mitigations there might be for housing there, including ones that do
not encourage additional vehicular traffic by nature of the bridge size and
design.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would be fine if that's what the paragraph said, what
you just said. That's really what I was getting to. I actually think if you
build the housing, you may actually have less traffic, frankly. It's going to
be walkable and bikeable to Palo Alto, and it's going to be more affordable.
If you're going to work in Downtown Palo Alto, you might be able to afford

                                                                            Page 94 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
