                         TRANSCRIPT
we've been pursuing. I confess that the build-to line has dropped in priority,
also because it's not going to accomplish that much. When we eliminated
the concept of increasing setbacks, it became really a technical change. We
could almost put that in next year's Code cleanup at this point. We've
haven't been actively pursuing it.

Council Member Holman: To go back to the Memo here for just a minute.
As part of the Comp Plan, it seemed like the things in that would accomplish
a lot. Again, I don't see them on this list and don't hear them being
discussed as part of the CAC activities. Maybe it'd be good to go back ...

Ms. Gitelman: I'm not sure I understand ...

Council Member Holman: ... and review the Memo.

Ms. Gitelman: The Colleagues Memo?

Council Member Holman: Mm-hmm.

Ms. Gitelman: When was that Colleagues Memo brought forward? Do you
remember?

Council Member Holman: It's over three years old now.

Ms. Gitelman: I'll have to ask someone to dig it up.

Council Member Holman: To not really act as cover for you, when you'd
been here a good while, you didn't even know it existed because it hadn't
come to your attention. I'm certainly not finger-pointing here. Now it
should be coming forward.

Ms. Gitelman: I totally understand. There has been a lot of work and a lot
of urban design work done around El Camino Real that we reference often in
our office. I guess the question is, given everything you see on our plate, is
there really the ability to do more. If you're talking about just making sure
we have policies in the Comp Plan Update that reference that prior work, I
think that's completely feasible.

Council Member Holman: I think, again, it would just be helpful to go back
and review that Memo.

Ms. Gitelman: Happy to do that.

Council Member Holman: Given that that's one of the areas where the
Citizens Survey ranks the City low in terms of our projects, I think it should
be prioritized.
                                                                       Page 70 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
