                          TRANSCRIPT
      Overcrossing Project, Capital Improvements Program Project PE-
      11011.

Mayor Burt: … and associated costs for the Adobe Creek/Highway 101
pedestrian overcrossing project. Who kicks this off? Brad?

James Keene, City Manager: May I say one thing, Mr. Mayor? Just hearing
the title, walking in from the side there, I think that's part of the discussion.
The other piece is you could say, "There's going to be no enhancements or
additions and let's stay on course and proceed with the bridge as scoped
right now."      I didn't mean for this to be saying we're begging for
enhancements. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: It says potential for optional. That didn't sound like you were
driving too hard for it.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director: Good evening, Mayor Burt
and City Council Members. I'm Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public
Works. We're here tonight to review the design work that's been done since
you approved the contract with Biggs Cardosa Associates in May of this year.
With me tonight in the audience are Elizabeth Ames and Maka Bonsal
[phonetic] from our Staff team, and also sitting next to me is Roy Schnabel,
our principal in charge from Biggs Cardosa Associates. We've been working
closely with Roy over the summer. I just wanted to let you know, as we get
into this, he has extensive experience with Biggs Cardosa managing
successful pedestrian and bicycle pathways and bridge structure projects
essentially throughout the Bay Area and California. Just a few examples for
your information:     Central Marin ferry bridge, two different bridges in
Emeryville, the current Facebook bridge project over Highway 84 in Menlo
Park, the Fremont Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) station, the East Palo Alto
bicycle/pedestrian bridge that's being planned as well as experience with the
Mary Avenue bridge in Sunnyvale. He brings a lot of experience to the
project. A quick overview of what we'll be talking about, a little background.
We want to talk about the funding situation. We want to review the 15-
percent design development work that's been done. We want to talk about
these potential optional enhancements that would have a greater cost and
touch briefly on the schedule. A little background. Before getting into the
design work, I wanted to review where we are in the process. As you recall,
last December the Council directed Staff to end the negotiations with Moffatt
and Nichol following the design competition and essentially to reset the
design process with a new Request for Proposal (RFP) and an updated
project budget. Following that, we conducted an RFP process, and we
brought the contract with Biggs Cardosa Associates for your approval in May.
At that time, we explained that the first step would be to develop a baseline

                                                                          Page 48 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
