                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: What can we do to give the ARB clear direction?

Mayor Burt: We've given Council guidance on a basis for denial, and we
expect the ARB to then work with the applicant to achieve the guidance that
the Council has given. That's what we have to do.

Council Member Wolbach: I would also like to ask of the applicant if there is
any opportunity to add additional housing units, perhaps by subdividing the
units you have into smaller units, rather than large townhouses, whether
there's any possibility for exploring breaking them into a one-bedroom,
studios or at least some of them, to have a greater mix of housing sizes and
to have some smaller units.

Mayor Burt: I'll go ahead and allow that question.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mr. Hayes: Designing on the cuff here. They really like two-bedroom units.
It's what their marketing profile has determined can sell. They're not
interested in smaller units.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Is Staff still working on the other question? Go ahead.

Council Member Wolbach: One more question. When we're talking about
the common space in "E"—this is a question for the Mayor and the Vice
Mayor because they're the maker and seconder. Was it your intention that
the open space talked about in "E" would be public or only common to
residents, tenants, employees, etc., of the building?

Mayor Burt: I was envisioning that as common principally to residents.

Council Member Wolbach: Not to the public at large?

Mayor Burt: No. The other aspect of the plaza is an improvement to the
public open space.

Council Member Wolbach: There was discussion earlier about outdoor
seating. Do we need to include anything about that in the motion?

Mayor Burt: No, my intention was to allow Staff to address that without
being that specific. Staff needs to be—they're working on what the Council
is trying to achieve, how that can occur. In the next few minutes, we can't
                                                                      Page 73 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/23/16
