                           TRANSCRIPT

Weekly before the statewide bond issue was passed. I think we need to
make sure that there's a cap in funds for BART, because otherwise we'll see
that that will absorb more than is allowed. Simply saying an approximate
percentage or an approximate number is not nearly enough. We've seen
that that grows beyond that. We've had promises before of what would
happen, like the Palo Alto Intermodal Transit Center was promised from a
previous sales tax, and we haven't seen a dime go for that. I think that we
should Palo Alto be able to redirect the funding that the County wants to put
towards the Page Mill Road widening and be able to use that for congestion
and management and things like that, that make sense for Palo Alto and/or
reduce congestion. I think that allowing us to redirect that funds would
provide additional funding. Also, I'm not sure that I see a plan for how we
achieve grade separations for Caltrain. There's going to be a lot of money
needed for that. They money here isn't enough for Palo Alto and Mountain
View. I'm not sure if Sunnyvale wants some or not. There's certainly not
sufficient money for all of that. Where are all the other (inaudible) from? I
don't see a picture of that. I also wonder whether any supplementary funds
will be needed from Palo Alto and a plan for obtaining those supplementary
funds. I think that Caltrain is an important spine of commuting for the mid-
Peninsula and for going between here and San Francisco and here and San
Jose. I think we need to figure out how we fund that. In order to increase
the ridership of that, we need to increase capacity. In order to increase
capacity, we need grade separations. I think that's an important thing that I
think everybody's bringing forth, but we're not talking about how to fund
that ability. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Adina Levin to be followed by John McAlister.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members and Staff. Adina Levin with
Friends of Caltrain. First of all, I'd like to thank the Palo Alto City Council for
working with Mountain View, Sunnyvale, Cupertino and the other cities in
the region to come up with a package of investment that meets common
needs including making sure that there's a good packet for Caltrain capacity
improvements that are going to be needed and really making sure that that
happens. One of the things with regard to that, as the previous speaker
said, the items in here are about Caltrain capacity like longer platforms and
longer trains, but also grade separations which not everyone thinks about as
a capacity solution, because it's not just about allowing cross-town travel.
It's about enabling much more frequent service with Caltrain and High
Speed Rail over time. That's a really important message to make for people
here in this room and people outside in the community. This is about
getting more rail service over time. I also wanted to talk a little bit about
                                                                            Page 76 of 91
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 2/8/16
