                         TRANSCRIPT
9.   Agreement With Empowerment Institute on Cool Block Small Pilot
     Program (Continued From February 1, 2016).

Mayor Burt: Our final item is an agreement with Empowerment Institute on
a Cool Block small pilot program.        This is an item continued from
February 1st of this year. We'll give everybody just a moment to clear out.
Let's go ahead and go on with Item Number 9 then. Mr. City Manager,
who's going to start this off? Are we waiting for someone because we're
ahead of schedule? Caught you off guard.

James Keene, City Manager: Really, it's not even 8:00. This item, I think,
is self-explanatory by the writing. It was on the Council Consent Agenda
recently, and it was pulled off of Consent, presumably because the Council
had some issues or questions. I don't really know if I need to go over this.
I'm happy to answer questions that the Council might have, both dating
back to when you pulled this off or more contemporary information. You've
received some correspondence from folks on this. I'm happy to speak to
that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We have right now the opportunity for technical questions from
the Council. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: City Manager, would you do me a favor? I was
reading back through this. What I'm seeing is that initially there was a
discussion about this in 2012. Is this correct? Could you give just a quick
history of where this was then and where it has gone since then? It's before
I was here, and I don't remember it initially coming.

Mr. Keene: I would say that probably dating back to about 2010, we started
having some conversations with David Gershon from the Empowerment
Institute and some local folks.     Sandra Slater was an early-on local
representative on this. This was initially a concept that was primarily
focused on household engagement on addressing climate change issues with
the idea being that a lot of top-down driving policy was going to help us
reduce carbon emissions and create a more sustainable future. It couldn't
happen on its own, and it needed to be bottoms-up in some ways. At that
point in time, there was a plan to develop what was called a Cool Cities
Challenge. It was ultimately focused on bringing in some significant funding
to award to a couple of cities, actually potentially across the country to
support really a kind of social engagement exercise to establish some
metrics for the most part related to 25 percent of households across a city
achieving at least a 25 percent reduction in their carbon footprint by
applying some approaches that have been used in different efforts in some
other cities before around the country, but not quite on that scale. At that

                                                                      Page 38 of 66
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 2/29/16
