                          TRANSCRIPT
option will help move things forward regardless. Therefore, in addition to
accepting the Staff recommendation, I would urge you to direct Staff and
the TMA to explore the potential for looking at full-price parking revenues as
one of the funding sources, including looking at ways of phasing that in so as
to be less destructive to the business community and to commuters. It's
really great to see the progress on getting forward to this date. Looking
forward to seeing fewer driving and more sustainable transportation
Downtown. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker, a late card, is Neilson Buchanan.

Neilson Buchanan: I think the Council has heard me before, that I'm a big
supporter of the concept of the TMA. Let me just put it in the context that I
see it. This region has a thoroughbred horse with Stanford that's doing all
the right things it can within its domain. The Stanford Research Park has
got a new pony that's going to run well, I think, in the long run, that got the
command control capability and in pure necessity to do the right thing. The
good news and the bad news. It leaves the smaller business community and
the University Avenue commercial core and the California commercial core
with a challenge, how to create something that works in the context of those
two very successful programs. I thoroughly believe it can be done. I
thoroughly believe it can't be done on $100,000 a year. The $64,000
question, who's going to come up with the money. It's exactly like the
orphan drug problem in the pharmaceutical industry. People recognize that
there's a problem that could be solved, but there's no money available to
solve it. My recommendation is proceed ahead, let this little pony run as
best it can. It's not going to run well on $100,000 a year. That's a slightly
over one parking space in a garage investment. I hope that by the time the
next calendar year rolls around the orphan drug problem will be solved, that
people will be stepping up to find that extra money. I think the person
having to step up with the money is going to have to be primarily the City in
the early years. I hope that you all—the next Council, that is, will take a
real hard look at giving the pony of the small business TMA a chance to
flourish. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I agree with Mayor Burt. I was actually
really pleased with the presentation. I felt it was well focused, and I felt you
had a really strong plan. I appreciate all the efforts in that. I did want to
ask Staff a little bit about—we're doing a parking study right now. Does that
include adding meters and raising funds as part of that or not?



                                                                             Page 74 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
