                          TRANSCRIPT
of doing business. Generally, it should be paid for by businesses. Now, the
City happens to be an employer, and so the City is going to pick up a piece
of that because the City employs people in here too. The majority ought to
come from businesses. As we consider these different mechanisms, I think
we ought to consider that too. On the subject of the VTA sales tax, if it's
paid for by the VTA sales tax, then fundamentally it's going to be paid for by
residents because most of that tax in Palo Alto is going to come from
residents. It seems to me that we ought to find some other mechanism
than the VTA sales tax to do it. I think there's a number of ideas floating
around. I like the idea of having it paid for by parking permits. I think that
makes sense as a way to contribute to it. Fundamentally, I think we ought
to be looking at how do we make sure that this doesn't fall on the shoulders
of residents.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Basically I would agree with what Council Member
Filseth said. I'm wondering if we also could, in doing any polling, poll for not
only a general tax, an employee tax basically, and also consider as a part of
that polling increasing the permit fees just to see what the attitude or feeling
is out there about those. We can do that without a ballot measure. If we
want to just test the temperature out there, we could also ask a question
about that. We're certainly not going to be relying on development impact
fees given that we've ratcheted that down for at least a temporary time.
Any consideration, whether it's a permit fee which is where we go or a tax,
again just to reiterate, should consider small employers under, say, 20 or 25
employees and most especially retail and personal service.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just a couple of thoughts. I would like to see a
Long Term Financial Forecast; we talked about that earlier tonight.
Generally, I don't think this is a decision we should rush into. We certainly
need to do polling. Just to clarify. If it was a general tax, we couldn't do it
next year; it has to be every other year.

Mayor Burt: It has to be on the same ballot as our general election which is
our City Council election.

Council Member DuBois: It was an interesting point that we should probably
look at total fees we're imposing on business. I said it earlier and Carl
Guardino said it again; this idea that we may actually get some money for
things like Transportation Demand Management (TDM) from the VTA tax.
Something we need to keep in mind. I do think we need mechanisms to
ensure participation in the Transportation Management Analysis (TMA).
                                                                          Page 80 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
