                          TRANSCRIPT
fact fewer vehicles needed and there's fewer parking areas and possibly
fewer roads needed, which means you have more permeable land, more
water capture-ability, vehicle strategy affects groundwater management.
Who would have thought?            But there it is.     Many of those things
interconnect.     On the unintended consequences, this is of course the
challenge in all this work. The best we can do, I think, is to think as
holistically as possible, try to understand the interrelationships, and proceed
step by step, watching the signs, seeing the warning signs and being able to
adjust course as we go. On the data trends for the transportation network
companies, the Ubers and Lyfts of the world, there's not a lot yet. The scale
even in this region is only probably about one or two percent of trips being
used there, but it's growing very rapidly. I harken to the "J" curve effect
that Stuart Bernstein spoke about before.          We're seeing these things
accelerate rapidly. I think one of our big opportunities there is to bring our
longstanding commitment to open data into the conversation with these
vendors and perhaps say, "If you want to operate in this region, you need to
play with an open book so that people can share information and get the
benefit of the network effects." Our Transportation Management Association
is already negotiating with Lyft about some innovative first and last-mile
solutions for Palo Alto. There's an opportunity to generate some of our own
data there. Transportation group in Planning and an interdepartmental
group working with Assistant City Manager Shikada have been looking at a
variety of ways to start to apply and test these ideas here, for City
employees, for the large employees in the TMA, and other ways we can start
to generate that data and hopefully in a way that encourages open data
sharing across vendors.         The positive impact of the canopy critically
important. We haven't addressed that in a lot of detail, because that's very
much addressed in the Urban Forestry Management Plan and in the Parks
Master Plan that's now in late stages of development. Yes, all of that needs
to be tied in.      Bicycle infrastructure, I appreciate, Mayor Burt, your
clarification that this chart is showing impacts, not costs. In your Staff
Report on Page 18, you see Figure 8, what's called a McKenzie Chart which
is showing the estimated mitigation costs of different strategies. The ones
to the left below the line are actually revenue positive out the door. The
ones to the right above the line are more expensive as the lines rise. You
can see that the bicycle infrastructure is not the least expensive strategy.
It's also not the biggest impact strategy as constructed here. There may be
ways to do that more effectively. It ties, Council Member Holman, to your
concerns about unexpected impacts and the interconnection of elements. As
we've discussed this internally among Staff, there's been some concern
about how would the public respond to expanding bicycle infrastructure
which on the face of it would be at the expense of automobile infrastructure.
Take car lanes, move them from cars to bikes. This is something where we
need perspective from you and from the community. Is this a shift that
                                                                        Page 71 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
