                          TRANSCRIPT
Things change. Also this thing about—there's a lot of dissension. For
instance, I never went to—I learned that I signed a petition at the 4th of July
party. I don't have any recollection of that. I have been told by two of my
friends that they didn't know that I was an absentee owner. I said, "Where
are you getting that?" That's what it says on the list, that you're an
absentee owner. There is so much miscommunication about this issue that
it is tearing people apart, which is really too bad. I'm so glad that we're
going to have the time now on the 25th, so a lot of people can go to the
Planning Department, they can have their questions answered. It was really
done very badly. Thank you very much. The Planning Department should
be sending out things too. They could do a lot. They're going to need to do
a lot with what's happening with the second story.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Unmesh Vartook [phonetic]. Our next speaker—
thank you. Ian Fraser. Welcome.

Ian Fraser: Thank you. Council Members, I'm here to oppose the SSO. I
think that a lot of my neighbors here are concerned about the look of the
neighborhood and the build-out of current homes, existing homes, under the
existing 25 percent rule, which says your second story, first addition has to
be 25 percent of the footprint of your foundation. That could be applied to
new construction where a second story would be limited to maybe 50
percent of the footprint of the foundation. With the 25 percent improvement
on the roof for an addition, you can build again five years later and add 25
percent of the remaining, which is what my neighbors have done on both
sides. I think with a little bit more planning input and some review by the
neighborhood of buildings that are going up, I think we could eliminate the
whole problem. I oppose the SSO because there's young families in the
neighborhood, and people should have the right to improve and gain the
equity that that provides. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Venkat Dokiparthi to be followed by Yukeo Fraser
[phonetic].

Venkat Dokiparthi: Mayor and Council, I prepared a speech to talk for three
minutes. After hearing some of the points that were already raised, I want
to change and talk about a couple of points that weren't talked by other
people. One is I want you to think that everybody loves Eichler and there is
the great thing out there. I want Council and everybody to think how many
new houses are built in Palo Alto in the last 10 years and how many of them
are Eichlers. Why people are not building Eichlers if that is the best thing in
the world. The second thing, (inaudible) talked about values appreciating.
Values are appreciating in every single corner of California right now. You
need to look at prices. Everything is going up in Sunnyvale. It used to be

                                                                         Page 87 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
