                          TRANSCRIPT
the easement that the First Christian Church currently has with the Water
District along with configuring the Americans with Disabilities (ADA) access
for parking. The First Christian Church parking lot would have to be
configured, and a fairly substantial parking loss would be required. That's a
heavily constrained area. Again, the same with Winter Lodge. A shared-use
path could fit through if the parking lot could be reconfigured.              In
conversations with Winter Lodge, early conversations, that was something
that they were, at that time, not willing to entertain. From Ross to Louis, as
I mentioned, is completely perfect. You could build that tomorrow. From
Louis to Greer, we believe that it is feasible to go from Louis to Maddux
through Seale Park using the existing path that exists, and then on Maddux
as an on-street facility. Segment F could be a shared-use path from Greer
to West Bayshore. For the pedestrian-only path option, I can report that
very few constraints exist. If you wanted to make a pedestrian-only path
from Alma to West Bayshore, the only really constraint that exists is that
seasonal access from Greer to West Bayshore. In this examination, we also
looked at all of the crossings that you'd have to make between Alma and
West Bayshore. We looked at evaluating a couple of different options. One
was a low-volume crossing, essentially everything except for Middlefield
Road. We presented some prototypes for consideration by the public and by
Staff.    A low-volume crossing could include a raised crosswalk, curb
extensions, rectangular rapid-flashing beacons which is a user-activated
button that essentially simulates a traffic control feature. These along with
advanced markings and advanced signage could help create a safe, midblock
crossing condition at those low-volume crossings. For Middlefield Road, a
slightly different condition. We'd also recommend a raised crosswalk. In
this one, instead of a rapid-flashing beacon, you could create a pedestrian
hybrid beacon. This is similar to something called a HAWK where users
would initiate a red light sequence. You could also create a pedestrian
refuge island, shown there in the bottom figure. We heard from the public
quite a bit of concerns about privacy, about safety along the proposed trail.
Through our research, looking at safety, we looked at national statistics, we
looked at also other trails in the Bay Area that had creek-side trails behind
residential homes. From that analysis and from national literature, the
report that we came back with in the Feasibility Study and in the Staff
Report is that creek trails like this, we cannot say for certain that it's going
to increase crime. We can say for certain that it's probably not going to
have any effect other than the crime that already exists in the surrounding
neighborhood. That's from literature that we've been able to pull together.
For privacy concerns, I'm going to get to some cost estimates in just a
minute. The privacy concerns should be eliminated in that cost estimate
where we're allowing for additional privacy fencing at a height to be
negotiated, if this project were to move forward, with each landowner along
the way. The privacy fencing exists today from as low 4 1/2 feet, 5 feet up
                                                                         Page 18 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
