                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Goldman: I had jumped ahead. I was talking about themes before, but
just reiterating again the artists being integral to the planning effort.
Addressing art at the very inception of a project really maximizes the
opportunities that are available. Also keeping people informed and making
them aware of what is happening, using all the kind of resources that are
currently in place and then expanding them through different partnerships
throughout the community.

Ms. Goldstein: There were basically two big goals that we came up with
during this process. One was to create large, impactful, ambitious works.
The second one was to make sure that there were short-term, temporary
works and interactive experiences that people could participate in every day.

Ms. Goldman: In keeping with that, certain objectives include locating art in
the those unexpected places; creating that sense of surprise and whimsy
where you stumble on something that you don't expect in unconventional
locations.

Ms. Goldstein: That really sort of speaks to the affection that people have
for the Greg Brown murals Downtown which you find in unexpected places.
Also the idea of having impactful art in business areas, whether it is on
University Avenue or on California Avenue, but also thinking about the
things that are coming up, specifically the Public Safety Building and the
garage that's going in on California Avenue.

Ms. Goldman: Again, continuing on this idea of making sure that art is
accessible to everyone, that it is distributed throughout neighborhoods, to
really identify the importance and embrace the kids and their families by
creating things that are interactive.

Ms. Goldstein: Environmental stewardship, we already talked about that.
Creating artwork that would be illustrating environmental issues and even
putting an artist in residence in the environmental services department.
This was a very important thing. To give a person the opportunity to
actually put art in a specific area by creating plans that really said
Downtown, California Avenue, Stanford Research Park. We have a strategic
plan for what type of art we want to have there and what the goals are, so
that a developer would have a choice of either putting something on his or
her individual site or putting it into an in-lieu fee to accomplish something
that was bigger than doing something on their individual site. This came out
very loud and clear when we talked to the real estate people at Stanford
Research Park. They felt that having a plan for how art could be placed
there would make for something that would really help to reinforce what the


                                                                       Page 65 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/15/16
