                          TRANSCRIPT
home every night, and I hear near crashes. I just cringe; I get so concerned
and so upset waiting to hear the impact. Quite often there is an impact. In
fact, several years ago there was a young man driving north on Middlefield—
I live two houses off the corner of Middlefield and Hawthorne Avenue—and
this young man was driving an SUV. He was speeding, and he literally
pulled down our fence, drove up my front yard, took out all the shrubbery.
I'm just so thankful that my husband wasn't out there gardening, which he
regularly does. A couple of years ago there was another accident on that
corner of Middlefield and Hawthorne, again coming from Willow where the
cars speed. This time this young man wasn't very lucky; he actually was
killed as he hit a tree at the corner of Middlefield and Hawthorne. That was
a terrible experience for all of us in the neighborhood. Even the other day
there were two cars vying for a space right in front of my house, and there
was an accident. It wasn't reported, as many of the accidents are not
reported. Right in front of my house, two people got out of their cars. One
was a taxi, and the other was a regular car. They were going at it for a
while, but no police were called. That's what happens, a lot of accidents
happen. I'm really concerned, and I'm hoping that you hear us this evening
and could consider our pilot. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Neeraj Pendse. Welcome.

Neeraj Pendse: Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. My name is
Neeraj Pendse; I'm on 300 block of Middlefield Road. I'm a father of two
preschoolers. My neighbors and I are here in support of John's petition. I
just wanted to talk about two things. Number one, there's a lot of buses
and trucks that use Middlefield Road, and they actually don't fit in our lanes
because the lanes are too narrow. Second issue, there's left turns from
Lytton Avenue—actually two lanes, but the lanes are so narrow that two cars
at a time can't actually turn together. If they try, they either honk at each
other because they get too close to each other or worse. I hear those honks
every day, because I'm very close to that intersection. There is safety,
there is the transportation capacity, and then there is our quality of life, who
live there and can't get out of our driveways. Right now, I think we're way
prioritizing the transportation capacity and completely ignoring safety as you
have seen from the accidents and completely ignoring our quality of life. I
urge you to consider the proposal of a road diet pilot and would love to help
and would love to engage with you. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Mark Eden, to be followed by
Priti Dusane. Welcome.

Mark Eden: Hi, thank you. Just to reiterate some of the things from our
neighbors. I live at 201 Middlefield; I'm directly across from Andrea, about

                                                                          Page 8 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
