                         TRANSCRIPT
C.    Incorporate bird safe design and lighting; and

D.    Consider the Baylands Master Plant List in the landscape design; and

E.    Include the Baylands General Design Principals in the project design
      and Record Of Land Use Action (ROLUA); and

F.    Include consideration of a Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
      program; and

G.    Include cost implications including fair share costs to Applicant of
      intersection improvements.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Please vote on ... It's getting late. That passes on
an 8-1 vote with Vice Mayor Scharff voting no. Thank you. Where are we?

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Scharff no

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

18.   Authorization for the Mayor to Sign a Letter Regarding the Governor's
      By Right Housing Proposal.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: We are now on Council Member Questions, Comments and
Announcements. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just one quick comment to Staff. I agree and I
think we all empathize that in a perfect world we'd be able to get our
questions and comments to Staff in an earlier fashion. Because the packet
this week was quite enormous, including a last-minute item that came to us,
it just isn't always feasible. We do intend to work with Staff, but it just
sometimes—we can't quite get there.

Mayor Burt: I just want to say that I attended and was on a panel at the
Silicon Valley Energy Summit on Friday at Stanford around really our
sustainability and climate action efforts along with representatives from San
Francisco and a State legislator, I think, from Fremont. Again, Palo Alto's
efforts are really exemplary and models that other cities really turn to. On
Saturday, I attended the mobility hackathon up at SAP, which was really an
incredible event that was led by Jonathan Reichental. What I would say is
that there's a lot more that's going on between Jonathan and Josh Mello in
transportation on very innovative, new transportation technologies than
we're fully aware of. They're doing some really incredible stuff. I look

                                                                         Page 127 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
