                         TRANSCRIPT
     Environmental Protection Act (NEPA) and California Environmental
     Quality Act (CEQA).

7.   Approval of a Contract With Engineering/Remediation Resources
     Group, Inc. in the Amount Not-to-Exceed $180,007 for the Municipal
     Services Center Fuel Station Demolition and Excavation Capital
     Improvements Program Project VR-14002 and Approval of a Budget
     Amendment in the Vehicle Replacement and Maintenance Fund.

8.   Ordinance 5387 Entitled, “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending Chapter 2.30 [Contracts and Purchasing Procedures] of
     the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Establish Contracting and Purchasing
     Procedures and to Define the Contracting Authority of City Officers and
     Employees (FIRST READING: August 15, 2016 PASSED: 9-0).”

Mayor Burt: Motion to approve by Council Member DuBois, second by
Council Member Kniss.  I see no lights, please vote.  That passes
unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

9.   Resolution 9624 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Proposing a Storm Water Management Fee of $13.65 per
     Equivalent Residential Unit (ERU) to Replace the Existing Storm
     Drainage Fee, Calling a Public Hearing for October 24, 2016 With
     Respect to Such Fee, and Adopting Procedures Relating to the Conduct
     of a Protest Hearing and Mail Ballot Election.”

Mayor Burt: We now can move on to our two Action Items of the evening.
The first is adoption of a Resolution proposing a storm water management
fee of $13.65 per equivalent residential unit, ERU, to replace the existing
storm drainage fee, calling for a Public Hearing for October 24, 2016 with
respect to those fees, and adopting procedures relating to the conducting of
a protest hearing and mail ballot election and adopting a categorical
exemption under Section 15061(b)(3) of the California Environmental
Quality Act Guidelines. Welcome, Mr. Bobel.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director:     Thank you, Mayor.           City
Manager, did you want to ...

James Keene, City Manager: (inaudible) good work, Phil.



                                                                       Page 12 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
