                         TRANSCRIPT
marked with a little "x" or a little cross on your attachment. Staff is
requesting that Council approve the Ordinance for fee changes. There is a
60-day waiting period required for development fees once you've adopted
them, before they become effective. Since we're recommending that these
fees become effective Fiscal Year '17 or July 2016, we will be meeting that
60-day requirement. Our consultant, Dan Edds, is here with us tonight.
Staff and the consultant will be happy to address any questions you may
have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Colleagues, before we go into any Motions or
hearing from the public, do you have technical questions of Staff?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:             Mayor
Burt, if I can just interject?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Ms. Gitelman: We're asking tonight that you conduct a Public Hearing. If
you could go through that formality in the course of your discussion this
evening, that would be great.

Mayor Burt: I will open this as a Public Hearing.

Public Hearing opened at 6:34 P.M.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) technical questions.

Mayor Burt: Just a second. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I understand we can't charge more than the cost
of services. I'm wondering if we can recover past General Fund subsidies on
a particular fee. If we've been subsidizing it, are we allowed to decide to
charge more to recover those past subsidies?

Ms. Gitelman:      While my esteemed legal colleague gives that some
thought—Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director—let me just say that the
idea is that you're allowed to recover the costs associated with that
application, that activity. Someone who's applying for an Architectural
Review Board (ARB) review would pay for the direct and indirect costs
associated with that activity. We believe that they are also required to pay a
portion of what's required to maintain the Comprehensive Plan, since that's
a related activity. I think we could increase that surcharge, because we only
pay a fraction of what it takes to actually update the Comp Plan. You can't
really go backward in time. It would be going forward. I don't know if,
Terrence, you want to add anything.

                                                                        Page 12 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
