                             TRANSCRIPT
D.         Direct Staff to return to Council by Jan 15, 2017 with proposals for
           changes to implement at end of Phase 2 that include:

      i.        Elimination of 5 day passes; and

     ii.        Propose quantitative objectives to reduce the impact on
                neighborhoods, to eliminate spillover, and to reduce congestion;
                and

     iii.       Give priority to lower wage employees; and

     iv.        Require registration in the Business Registry Certificate Program
                and participation in Downtown Transportation Management
                Association (TMA) to buy employee permits.

Council Member DuBois: I'll just speak to this quickly. I was just trying to
capture a lot of the good ideas I heard from my fellow Council Members as
well as citizens. I think these are improvements to the Downtown Parking
District overall.

Ms. Stump:          Mr. Mayor, at the appropriate time I have a couple of
comments.

Mayor Burt: Why don't you speak right away, and then we'll hear from the
seconder.

Ms. Stump: Just procedurally, just to remind the maker of the Motion and
any other Council Members that the item tonight is agendized for action in a
couple of specific areas. The Council is able to discuss more broadly the
working of the program and ask Staff to come back. We will be limited in
taking additional actions that are not agendized for potential action tonight.
There actually is—to take as an example, Item Number C appears to fall into
that category and probably needs to come back as a future agenda item.
The second thing I'd just like to mention to everyone is there have been a
couple of ideas mentioned for perhaps some innovative distinctions that
might be made within the RPP program about who would be eligible,
particularly tonight was mentioned businesses to buy permits. Those are
issues that we will need to look at. The RPP program as the neighborhood
advocates have pointed out to the Council—they're correct—is authorized by
State law. There are some parameters in State law. We will need to look
and give you some advice about what type of distinctions we are able to
make under the State law and perhaps other distinctions that are not
authorized by that Code. We won't be doing that this evening, but I do want
to let you know that any kind of innovative idea like that really is a request

                                                                         Page 101 of 121
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 09/06/16
