                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks to Staff for the presentation and also the
consultant for weighing in. As a member of the Finance Committee, I just
wanted to make a quick comment, also to provide a little bit more
background for colleagues. I'll just do that for now. The question was
raised about what the goal was. I think that one of the goals that we
discussed and prioritized in the Finance Committee was actually getting units
built onsite as opposed to having developments just pay into an in-lieu fee,
etc., recognizing some of the social benefits of having below market rate
units mixed in with market rate units and wanting to make sure that we
didn't just defer for the future, but could actually see some affordable units
built in the nearer term. I do think we may have missed some unintended—
not spent enough time thinking about some of the potential unintended
consequences of prioritizing in that manner. If you have BMR units onsite,
they tend to be—Staff, correct me if I'm wrong on any of this. My
understanding is that at this point if you have BMR units onsite, they tend to
be either the median income levels or just below median income levels.
Whereas, the very low or extremely low income-level BMR units tend more
often to be those done in, say, nonprofit-run affordable housing projects,
whether it's by Eden Housing or Palo Alto Housing, etc. For those projects,
they rely on our affordable housing fund. If we were to set the fees so high
that everybody said, "I'm a developer. I'm developing a project of whatever
kind rather than paying the in-lieu fee, the fees are so high. There's an
exemption if I provide the units onsite. I'll just provide the units onsite,"
then we end up—if we do end up going down that path, we might end up
with a very slim affordable housing fund. That might be one of the
unintended consequences of the policy approach which we prioritized when it
was in Finance. I did want to acknowledge that. I think that was an
oversight on our part. Based on my conversations with people in the
affordable housing community since it came to Finance, I do want to
recognize that, I think, was an oversight on our part.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I certainly am hearing what you're saying, especially
regarding the feasibility. However, as you look at this from just a common
sense standpoint, it really is pretty dramatic. If you look in particular at
office/R&D, that goes from $20 to $60. I'm hearing what Council Member
Filseth said, which is it's a balancing act to figure out what you could be
leaving on the table for the affordability versus what would stop people in
their tracks from actually building it. Looking at this, I think—maybe I'm
wrong—it sounds almost like a shot in the dark. We're saying, "We think
this is what would work. We have done a study with an outside consultant,
                                                                        Page 49 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
