                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I have a Brown Act kind of question. The way
this is adopted is adoption of an ordinance establishing a single story overlay
district. There's nothing about establishing design guidelines. There's
nothing about that. I sort of feel like we're limited to the question before us
with a possible referral out to Staff or that. I guess I'm not sure we should
have—I mean, how much latitude do we have debating what that referral
looks like and all of that? I feel that may step over the line frankly. I guess
I wanted some legal advice on that.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Cara Silver, Senior Assistant
City Attorney. You're right that this matter really isn't agendized for very
specific suggestions about what those additional Eichler zoning guidelines
would look like. If you wanted to give us something general to react to so
that we can provide you with a timeline and a suggested process for
pursuing that, it wouldn't be appropriate to give specific policy direction on
what those guidelines should be at this point.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It'd be better to agendize it to come back after Staff's
had a look at it and look at what kind of information they need, the
questions they want answers?

Ms. Silver: Yes.

James Keene, City Manager: Can I just add to this sort of conundrum
aspect to this whole conversation, when you were talking about democracy
too? It's a little tricky for us to do a lot of in-depth analysis about what this
could look like without really getting also a better sense of what the Council
does want to do. I think we'd have to sort of do this in an interactive way
somehow with the Council. The other component I would add to the Staff's
comments here about what this would take—as we all well know, the reason
we call it the Palo Alto process is it's a process. Rarely does anything unfold
exactly the way we're thinking about it, because there's so much
engagement. It's so many different perspectives. Actually, the Council's
dedication to really trying to find absolutely the right balance in these
complicated situations. I wouldn't necessarily think that this would be
simple. I can tell you that certainly on the Staff preparation and the
engagement side, it won't be simple. The other component, of course, is all
of the other initiatives and directives that we have dealing with other
challenges, fixing other problems in the City, some of them going back 16
years as we heard or 25 years. I've got a list here that later I can go over
with you right now. You well know that even just within your Priorities,
you've adopted—you've got 82 strategic projects in the City. I hate saying
this. Really I feel like a bureaucrat saying this. The reality of it is, in all of
these things we're working on here in this realm, we don't have hundreds of

                                                                          Page 60 of 135
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/2/16
