                          TRANSCRIPT
don't blow it off the ground. I think we're talking tents in excess of 200
square feet need to be evaluated.

Council Member Holman: It says tents and canopies. It doesn't talk about
air-supported …

Mr. Henrikson: It's not talking about your inflatable jumpy house. That's
not ...

Mayor Burt:    200 square feet is 10 by 20.      Something that's 15 by 15
exceeds it.

Mr. Henrikson: That's just direct from Building Department in terms of
evaluation of structural integrity and them picking up off the ground. It's
not …

Mayor Burt: (crosstalk) every time it's used, right?

Mr. Henrikson: That would be …

Mr. Pirnejad: Every time it's installed, not every time it's used.           If it's
installed once (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That's what I'm referring to when I say used.            It's not an
individual user that I meant by that.

Mr. Hoyt: Mayor Burt, I would say that the majority of these smaller tents
we're not aware. They're erected; they're utilized; they don't come to our
attention. If they go through the special event process, where they're these
larger events, we get involved in Development Services, Building Division
and Fire to review them and make sure they're safe for life safety aspects.

Mayor Burt: Let me just say that I'm hearing and to some degree share
concerns that, on the one hand, you're saying that there's a Committee and
there's a lot of subjective judgment that's exercised. We're also hearing
that there are—I've heard of others myself—occasions where some of this is
stifling, whether it's block parties or neighborhood events. We really don't
seem to have not just lack of clarity on the boundaries, we don't even seem
to have much in the way of the boundaries except some boundaries that are
literally over-restrictive but not necessarily routinely applied. I always hate
laws that are written real restrictively but say we don't enforce it or we only
enforce it some of the time. I want to ask how can this set of concerns be
addressed and is there a way to approve this update tonight and loop back
in a timely manner with some better guidelines for how these various
discretionary approvals are addressed.

                                                                         Page 90 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
