                          TRANSCRIPT
do within the Downtown area. That's not considered a tax, but it is a fee
that businesses do pay. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Adina Levin to be followed by Carl Guardino.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members and Staff. Adina Levin,
Friends of Caltrain. I wanted to build on the previous item in terms of
methods of funding for Transportation Management Associations and then
other transportation programs. In terms of Transportation Management
Associations, different TMAs use different mixes of funding based on the
characteristics of the area. There are basically four different types of
funding that are typically used. One is in areas that have a lot of green field
or brown field development, like Bay Meadows. Developer fees can pay a lot
of the amount. However, in Downtown Palo Alto where existing is much
greater than new, developer fees are not going to be a huge proportion.
Number two is membership fees. In areas like North Bayshore in Mountain
View where you have Google and LinkedIn and Microsoft and Intuit, they can
carry the vast majority of their budget off of membership fees of $50,000 to
$75,000 higher membership fees. In Downtown where you have smaller
companies, membership fees will contribute some but not the full
(inaudible).     Next is parking.    If you ask Stanford about Stanford's
transportation program for the University, they say that parking revenue
actually is the financial engine that drives their program. They charge for
parking; they use the money from parking to fund the Marguerites and the
carpool programs. They've managed to save, they say, $100 million in
parking structures they didn't need to build. What Council Member Filseth
said in terms of the price is a subsidy for parking, we're encouraging people
to drive, and then it costs even more to reduce the trip. If Palo Alto trued
up the cost of parking even to the cost of a Caltrain parking which is less
than the cost of replacement, that would bring in maybe $3 million a year to
run the programs. Fourth is taxes. We were talking before about how much
can you get with voluntary membership fees. Voluntary is going to be really
hard with the diversity in the Downtown. Taxes are also likely to be a good
fit if there's a thought process about what are the needs. Taxes can also
cover other transportation programs including things like longer-distance
shuttles, maybe getting into things like local matches on grade separations
or local matches on transit center improvements. When you're talking about
physical infrastructure improvements like the grade separations and transit
center, that's also where you have something that benefits property owners.
A Mello-Roos could come into play or other value capture, and that can bring
in a fair amount of money but only relating to significant development that
the City may or may not choose to do. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Carl Guardino.
                                                                         Page 77 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
