                          TRANSCRIPT
latitude; I'm going to get to housing. The second issue is what kind of
community do we want to be. This is big stuff, but that's what we are
talking about here. For example, we've got four scenarios under review with
average population growth projections ranging from two-thirds of a percent
per year to about twice that. A number of folks tonight have asked for
double that, which is 2.6, 2.7 percent. In 40 years, 2/3 percent population
growth will increase the size of our community by 30 percent. At 2 1/2
percent per year, in 40 years Palo Alto's population will be more than
double, almost triple what it is today. Yet, there is no more land, no more
water, unlikely to be much more park space. Our schools are nearly full,
and building new ones will be prohibitively expensive. Our streets are
already filled with traffic, and all four scenarios so far make this worse, even
the slow growth ones. Imagine that with twice as many people here or
three times as many people. Will we even survive? Of course we will, but
our community will look very different depending on which growth scenario
we pick. I'm not saying we're going to pick one or a different one, but I
think people just need to understand the numerics here. We need to look
beyond the 15-year figures in the Staff Report. These are long-term
decisions, and that's why the question of what kind of community do we
want to be matters. Palo Alto has been a suburb known for its parks and
greenery, great schools and services. Do we want to continue that even as
we figure out what, in fact, does it mean to be a suburb in the 21st century?
I don't think we even know that yet. Have we outgrown that and we want to
be something different? It's a legitimate question. Somebody mentioned
Osaka tonight, which is quite a different vision. I like Osaka, but it's quite a
different vision. We're not going to answer these questions tonight. For
purposes of tonight, I think one of the scenarios we need to have on the
table is a 21st century suburb scenario. We may consider other scenarios as
well, but we need to make sure this is one of them. Scenario 2 is not quite
this scenario. It gets the slower growth part right, but it doesn’t include
sustainability. A 21st century suburb must deal with transportation and
sustainability like everywhere else. It must reduce reliance on automobiles;
it must reduce carbon footprint; and it must deal with sea level rise and
water limits. That's why we asked Staff for the scenario that we did, that
combines the slow growth of Scenario 2 with most of the traffic and
sustainability measures of Scenario 4. Now, I want to come back and talk
about housing. We talk about housing—I'm going to try to frame the
problem here. We talk about a housing crisis, but there's more than one
kind of housing crisis. For example, Detroit has a housing crisis that's at
least as severe as ours. Ours is really a housing affordability crisis. It costs
too much to live here. That's what the transportation survey and that's what
most of you have said tonight. What that means is that people whom we'd
like to have living in our community are priced out, and not just traditional
low-income people, but middle-income people too. One in ten teachers in
                                                                         Page 86 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
