                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: You're adding quantitative measures.

Council Member DuBois: Quantitative measures is in there. I'm adding
"including performance monitoring, measuring the percent change in SOV."
Again, this gets to the idea of the absolute number of 1,650 is rather
meaningless. It's (crosstalk) ...

Mayor Burt: This would go into where? You're saying to do what with this?

Council Member DuBois: Packet Page 709, into the agreement that we're
approving tonight. There's reporting requirements there. I was trying to
make it a little more specific.

Vice Mayor Scharff:     It already says including quantitative measures.
(inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: Yes. I'm adding this "including"—see if you've got
it right here. Include performance monitoring, measuring the percentage
change in SOV.

Mayor Burt: I'd just say that at the funding level we're talking about, we're
not going to see a lot of performance.

Council Member DuBois: Not going to see a lot of what?

Mayor Burt: Performance.

Council Member DuBois: They're committing to reduce it in terms of 1,650
cars ...

Mayor Burt: That's with the full funding, but we aren't doing the funding.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They're committing to a three percent change.

Council Member DuBois: I know. They're committing to annual reporting.
I'm just trying to make it a little more specific.

Mayor Burt: I'm just saying that at this seed funding level, it's going to be
tough to measure it. At $100,000 a year, you're not going to have much
impact. Josh.

Mr. Mello: If I could just interject. The agreement has already been
executed by the other two parties. This would require resetting the entire
contract execution process. If you're going to make changes to the actual
contract, I would recommend that instead maybe this is included in a


                                                                            Page 86 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
