                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Perez: I would be guessing, but intuitively I would think so.

Council Member DuBois: Last year, I think I asked to get an idea of kind of
consultant usage and how that's been changing. When you talk about kind
of our head count versus 2009, the piece that's really missing is how much
of our work has shifted to consultants. I'll make the request again this year.
It'd be great to start to track it, so maybe next year we could see how much
are we really kind of outsourcing or shifting or doing with kind of non-Staff
workers.

Mr. Perez: I think one of the challenges we had was the way we capture our
data. It's like most companies; capturing the data is not a problem. It's
how you pull it out and make it useful. We're working on a project right now
to have those analytics come out of our system to be able to tell. What I
can tell you is that we have moved some of our services from in-house to
contracting, which may be part of what you were mentioning maybe. We've
done that for the golf course, parks, custodial, street sweeping, to name a
few. There's been a shift, and that impacts those numbers as you're
mentioning.

Mr. Keene: We've got an upcoming issue with the fleet.

Mr. Perez:  We have a couple of items coming through the Finance
Committee in May on how we administer our supplies for the fleet
management. We're looking at a different model that has ...

Mr. Keene: Contracting with a private vendor for jus- in-time delivery rather
than us managing inventory, that sort of thing.

Mr. Perez: We're looking at our swim program as well.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I totally believe that we are doing a lot with
and stretching people thin. I think it'd be good to recognize we've also
shifted and we're leveraging some outsourced work as well. In terms of
those unfilled positions, are there positions that have been open for a year
or more?

Mr. Perez: We purposely have held some positions in the Fire Department
as a result of the ongoing discussions with Stanford. Those come to mind.
In terms of difficult recruitment, I think we've been having some challenges
in some of the utilities, but I can't think of anything that's taken a year, off
the top of my head.

Council Member DuBois: Shifting away from people, I guess. It'd be great
to have ideas for new revenue sources. I think we're talking about parking
                                                                           Page 46 of 67
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/25/16
