                           TRANSCRIPT
development, but also managing our existing buildings for density. I think
Mayor Burt brought it up earlier, looking at where our employment centers
are and really do we have large companies Downtown or do we move to
have large companies out in our research and business parks. Where I
would come down is if we really want to test a lot of housing and some of
these other ideas, let's put them into separate scenarios and get the data.

Mayor Burt: I think these are actually a lot of really good, thoughtful
comments. Not everybody is seeing everything exactly the same way but
getting a lot of things out on the table. Let me toss out a few thoughts. We
can talk all we want about what we'd like to see as outcomes. Unless we put
a formula in place or, I should say, continue to put a formula in place that
enables those things to actually be built as we're hoping, we really aren't
being realistic. When I said that continue to put things in place, we've done
some things over the last year and a half that actually have set the
groundwork for what we're being able to discuss tonight. Interestingly, a lot
of the folks who, not all but a lot, have been strong housing advocates have
also been real critics of some of the measures that the Council has taken on
restraining commercial office growth and the RPP program and different
things like that. Actually I think those have had a huge impact at enabling
where we want to go. Council Member Schmid had spoken about how a
developer is going to look at highest return on an investment. If that
highest return is office, then that's what they're going to build. We could
further incentivize residential, but if it's still available to them to build office
at a higher return, they're not going to build the residential. We've actually
really curtailed the advantages of being able to—the availability and
advantages of being able to build office. It's not very available for a
developer in the community today. I should just step back a moment.
There's kind of some misconceptions even by Staff about our development of
housing in our last RHNA allocation. Actually in the 2000-2007 RHNA period,
we had one of the speakers say we didn't have any in the dot bomb period.
That's not true at all. What we had actually was a boom in housing in Palo
Alto, in South Palo Alto, after the dot com crash. It was because there was
no value at all to commercial real estate investment. None was going on in
the whole region. There was almost no value to residential anywhere. One
of the few places that developers saw they could make money was by
converting what had been low-profile, older commercial property in South
Palo Alto to residential, and we had a boom in that. We didn't expect it. We
hadn't figured out whether it wasn't at the locations that were transit-
oriented or accessible to retail. The housing virtually all was types that put a
big impact on our South Palo Alto schools. It had a whole bunch of
unintended consequences. Nevertheless, we actually were the only city in
the region that exceeded our RHNA allocation in that period. It's just not
true that we've had nothing but not meeting it. In that period, we were the
                                                                           Page 100 of 122
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 5/16/16
