                         TRANSCRIPT
cadre. I'm a little surprised that this is being pushed in conjunction with
Caltrain. I mean, using it for that last mile certainly would save Caltrain
loading up bikes on the train. It sort of condemns the system to be used
once a day. When you arrive at Caltrain, you go to your workplace, and you
put it there. You reserve the bike at 5:00 PM to catch the commute train
coming back. These one-way trips or one bike a day trips don't seem to
work.    Where it really works is where you have dense neighborhood
developments like San Francisco, where you can move from neighborhood to
neighborhood to house to visit and so on or in a business park where you
have three or four meetings over the course of a day and you can pick up a
bike in front of each office, drop it off. The bikes move around; they get
used five, ten times a day. Palo Alto is designed sort of to be a more
walkable community where you get to your workplace and you can walk to
your coffee, your lunch, to your comrades who are working across the
street. On your map, when you reach out to the neighborhoods, everybody
owns a bike. We're putting our efforts into making it easy with bike
boulevards for you to use your bike from home to go to various places. I
don't quite see how this would fit in. I guess there's a second issue on the
cost and the cost tradeoffs. I'm surprised you don't come tonight saying,
"Here's what you get for spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on bike.
Here's what you might get by investing that in shuttles, in a Marguerite
program that moves from Caltrain to a number of businesses during rush
hours, that can deal with the suburban densities." We have talked about not
just shuttles but ridesharing components where for $100,000, $200,000 a
year you can make a big impact on a much wider audience and those who
are not just taking that one-mile trip from Caltrain to their job. I would
certainly encourage you to look at this in terms of a cost tradeoff with other
options. There are places where it makes a lot of sense maybe; the
Stanford Research Park jumps out. If you can get a good program running
in the Research Park, it might be just the commute and also lunch time and
shopping and things like that. You could have a program working back and
forth (inaudible). That raises another question of who pays. Why should the
General Fund pay if this is primarily work-oriented, how to get people to
their workplaces? I notice there are letters in here from Stanford Research
Park, from Stanford, from big employers saying, "This is great. Do it." Why
aren't they paying the $100,000 and guaranteeing that they would cover
whatever cost the program involves? They benefit; they should contribute.
One last comment on the placement, on the map you have. The point was
made that you've left off some of the big business districts already. I think
immediately of something like the Baylands. A station out there on a
weekend would entice people who are not regular bicyclists to be able to
enjoy the Bay trail. Maybe there's a way of just moving bikes from a
Caltrain station which aren't used on the weekend out to the Baylands on
the weekends and developing a whole new cadre of users and riders. I think
                                                                        Page 16 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
