                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Let's look at Finding D1. All we struck from Finding D1 was the
reference to the Context Based Design Criteria. We did retain Coordinated
Area Plans including compatibility requirements and any relevant design
guides. If you look at Packet Page 231, Finding Number 1 at the bottom, all
we did was strike the first parenthetical reference.

Mayor Burt: Basically it's still there in 1, Coordinated Area Plan is still there
in 1.

Council Member DuBois: I think we could remove A at this point.

Council Member Holman: Sorry. Of the applicable zone district—this says
"as applicable." Do we complicate it by saying "of the applicable zone
district"? We're talking about geographies, not zones.

Mr. Lait: We think this reads correctly. What was the concern?

Council Member Holman: After "applicable," the words "zone district" are
added. For instance, El Camino Real is not all the same zone. Doesn't …

Mr. Lait: That's right.

Council Member Holman: We should strike "zone district," right?

Mr. Lait: No, no. We think we should keep "zone district" because there are
Context Based Design Criteria in the Code today for each of these zones, for
the CN, for the CS, for all these different zone districts on El Camino.

Council Member Holman: We're adding what wasn't there before, but it's a
clarification.

Mr. Lait: Yeah. This takes all of the Context Based Design Criteria that are
embedded in the Code, and it makes us evaluate each of those projects to
those applicable criteria. In other words, we're not going to study the
Downtown criteria to a project on El Camino when the El Camino zoning
district has its own set of criteria.

Mayor Burt: I think we're ready to vote.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Tom had a question I think might be correct. Should
we remove A from there? Is A necessary? No, just A. It's "remove
Municipal Code Section 18 (d)(2)." Right now it says "and replace A" with
"is consistent." I don't think it really matters.

Council Member DuBois: It's kind of redundant, but it's fine.

                                                                           Page 50 of 56
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/14/16
