                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Has Staff had a chance to look and see what—
obviously different state laws are different—municipalities in Colorado or
Oregon or Washington have done in regards to this? Boulder, or Seattle or
Portland.

Ms. Stump: The answer is no. That would possibly be informative and
helpful and may suggest that you take a wait and see approach and ask for
broader research before moving forward.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: We have three members of the public to speak. First is Mark
Peterson-Perez, to be followed by John Friedrich. Each person will have up
to three minutes to speak.

Mark Peterson-Perez: I certainly hope that all of you become informed on
this issue. Just as the law enforcement against prohibition has made some
really interesting observations. It says that there have been more than 39
million arrests for nonviolent crime offenses in the past 40 years. Those
incarcerated over a 20-year period quadrupled so that now more than 2.3
million U.S. citizens are in prison or jail. The U.S. spends $70 billion a year
on incarcerating 22.5 percent of the entire world's prisoners, even though
the U.S. only has 4.6 percent of the world's population. That's an incredible
statistic. This is coming from law enforcement. It's just unbelievable. They
continued on to say that the drug war wrecks havoc, funds terrorism and
causes major corruption around the world. This is the very definition of
what Molly Stump proposes, a failed public policy. This madness must
cease. This is coming from Law Enforcement Against Legalization. I would
encourage everyone to become informed on this issue and make an
informed decision. Please there is really no pressing emergency about the
planting of marijuana in your backyard. This is a disastrous emergency
Ordinance which your City Attorney proposes.

Mayor Burt:    Our next speaker is John Friedrich, to be followed by Scott
Lane.

John Fredrich: Good evening. John Fredrich, resident of Barron Park and
also a candidate in this election here in Palo Alto. The first question I had as
I read these documents over is at whose behest is this an emergency and
why are we doing it. I didn't see this League of Cities memo in my packet
on the internet, but I caught it here. I would agree with the earlier speaker
that in the last 40 years, since the inception of Operation Intercept by
Richard Nixon, the drug wars have been a complete failure and have led to a
narco state being established in Columbia and as our war in Afghanistan has
led a narco state to be established in Afghanistan, especially in Helmand
                                                                         Page 82 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
