                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Anne Hare to be followed by Vanessa Warheit.
Welcome.

Anne Hare: Hello, Council Members. Thank you. I think word must have
gotten out, because I'm the mother of a young adult with developmental
disability and autism. I will say, though, that since Rebecca, Linnea, Drew
and Anita have spoken so eloquently on the topic, I will only say this. I
believe strongly that where my son lives now in Mountain View in a brand
new development for individuals with developmental disabilities that was
built by Housing Choices Coalition that they are able—I would ask the City
Council to please consider partnering with them because they have built
some very smart and creative housing. I would say that it would make a lot
of sense to put that housing in high-density, transit-oriented areas that are
accessible for people with developmental disabilities, who also have
extremely low incomes. Thank you to everyone, and thank you very much,
Council Members.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.        Vanessa Warheit to be followed by Peter
Taskovich. Welcome.

Vanessa Warheit: Hi. I'm here to advocate for many more smaller units
which, as our Mayor has pointed out, generally end up being cheaper. Just
to give you a little story. I lived in Palo Alto when I was in—many years
ago, let's just say. It was in the 1980s. I lived in a house that at the time
had, I think, six units. There were approximately ten people who lived in
our building. That home, as many others, has been turned into a single-
family home. I bike by it regularly. Our apartment, I think, was maybe 500
square feet for myself and my single mother. It allowed me to attend
Jordan and to attend Paly of which I'm very proud. I don't think that we
need necessarily to build many high rises; although, I would encourage to
not be too firm in holding that height limit. I think that densification around
transit is really smart. We are a City that prides ourselves on being smart,
so we should continue to look at that as a really viable option. We should
definitely look at small units and infill units. We should build as much
housing as we possibly can, because we need it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Peter Taskovich to be followed by Craig Lewis.
Welcome.

Peter Taskovich: Hello. I'm not going to be talking about micro units or co-
housing or most other of the things mentioned in the Housing Element.
What I want to focus on is the Accessory Dwelling Units, the (ADUs), and
their impact on the R-1 neighborhoods. Palo Alto's R-1 neighborhoods are
Palo Alto's crown jewels. This is why many people have paid so much

                                                                        Page 62 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
