                         TRANSCRIPT
L and R.     We welcome further conversation in the Dixon Associates
Downtown parking review of individually metered parking which can be used
for parking improvements including Transportation Management Association
(TMA), customer friendly, employees and garages and great revenue.
Thanks so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ali Rahbar, to be followed by
Jill O'Nan. Welcome.

Ali Rahbar: Good evening, Council Member. My name is Ali Rahbar,
resident of Palo Alto. Every year I receive some of these, look at it, rate
changes, water meter size, one, 5/8, 3/4. Everything has measure, and
they charge me accordingly. That's fine. When I look at the wastewater,
that's not true. Many other counties implemented a procedure to charge
residents according to their usage. The City is reluctant to do that; I don't
know why. It's simple to do that. I'm two person in a household. Some
people are five persons in a household. How come I'm using the same
amount of water as they use? Maybe it's hard for them to change it because
they're going to lose their revenue. I don't know. I'm not the average user.
I need to be charged according to my usage. That's all I have. I appreciate.
Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jill O'Nan, to be followed by
Valerie Stinger.

Jill O’Nan, Human Relations Commissioner:            Good evening, Council
Members. Thank you very much for hearing me tonight. I'm Jill O'Nan from
the Human Relations Commission. I'm here with my colleague, Vice Chair
Valerie Stinger, to discuss two Human Services Resource Allocation Process
(HSRAP)-related budget items that may be before you. The first one is
regarding the possibility of establishing an emerging needs fund of $50,000
for HSRAP. This is something that the Human Relations Commission (HRC)
has discussed and is very, very supportive of. The reason is that the HSRAP
cycle, as you know, is two years long. When some of our partner agencies
have urgent or emerging needs, we are often unable to assist them in any
way, because we have to wait for the next full budget cycle to do so. To
have the ability to possibly reach out and help them mid-cycle is wonderful.
A recent example that you may have read about was a break-in at Abilities
United where all the camping equipment for a summer program for autistic
adults was stolen. I asked Staff at that time if there was anything we could
do to help Abilities United. Unfortunately, again because of the lock down in
the budget, there was nothing that we could do. If there were such a thing
as an emerging needs fund, that's an example of something where we could
possibly reach out to that agency and see if we could help them replace that

                                                                           Page 17 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
