                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Eggleston: It would have to be something where, if you directed us, we
would be going after that Santa Clara County trails funding potentially or
weighing other projects that are being considered or already funded.

Mr. Keene: I don't think we can identify with any certainty being effective in
closing the gap.    I would just say as we get together with Finance
Committee here soon and we start looking at '18, I think we're probably
going to have some capital budget challenges overall. If we could put all
that together with this, I think it would sort of steer us back towards the
baseline. I don't mean to be cutting things off, but I think there's more
likely other demands on us than there's additional supply out there.

Council Member Holman: That's a little—I appreciate the perspective. It's a
little frustrating because they're put in front of us like here's the candy bowl
and then don't put your hands in it. I really do think …

Mayor Burt: I didn't think of it as a candy bowl. It was pretty clear from the
presentation that those other funds are not presently available and
consideration of any of the more expensive alternatives would mean we
would not be going forward at this time. That was clear to me.

Council Member Holman: That's then kind of like why are we looking at the
options. I'm intrigued by Design Number 2. There was one other thing.
The clarification on Council Member Kniss' question about the funding, you
just said that we'd be going after the County funds. Why wouldn't we be
going after the County funds anyway, if I understood the comment
correctly?

Mr. Eggleston: I think we will be. As I mentioned, we've contacted the
County several times, and we can continue to do that. It's just that at this
point, we don't have any level of certainty that we'd be successful. We don't
even know yet what that process will be.

Council Member Holman: Last question. The $1 million contribution from
Google, does it have strings attached to it or not? Last time it did.

Mr. Eggleston: Two times ago it did. That was last December. In response
to the member of the public's comment about seeing the updated letter, that
letter was attached to the May Council packet where the design contract was
approved. There were no conditions in the letter.

Council Member Holman: To be clear, there's no contingency, no conditions,
no strings on "C."

Mayor Burt: That's correct. Council Member Schmid.
                                                                          Page 77 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
