                         TRANSCRIPT
Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. Thank you for letting
me speak. Thank you, Staff, for responding so quickly to the Governor's
Executive Order. Just really briefly, I would agree with the other speakers.
I have concerns about unintended consequences from this. In fact, I'm
worried the property owners may choose to pave with impervious materials
and use fake turf, and it'll happen to such a degree that we will really make
an inhospitable environment for insects and birds and really affect the health
of our soil long term and also our trees. I thank you for taking a good look
at that. Thanks.

Public Hearing closed at 7:49 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return to Council for direction. I think what
we want to first consider is process direction, and only if we elect to take
this up in-depth tonight would we go into discussion of content. Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Actually I was ready to make a Motion. I would
move that we take no Action on the Ordinance in front of us. That would be
"A." "B," that we direct Staff to come back in—was there a decision about
90 days, 120 days or do you want to ...

Mr. Keene: We didn't identify the timeframe. If you could leave that open-
ended, we could do some reconnaissance first to estimate what's a realistic
timeframe.

Council Member Holman: Appreciate that. "B," ask Staff to return at the
earliest possible time after first convening a stakeholder group to consist of
such groups as Canopy, Acterra, Audubon, Gamble Garden—it's not a
complete list, just "such groups as"—also after discussion and collecting
input from Parks and Recreation Commission and relevant Staff such as
Urban Forester and Arborist. "C" would just be a quick note to conduct
these review processes in conjunction with and keeping in mind the Urban
Forest Master Plan and the Parks Master Plan.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to:

A.    Take no action on the proposed emergency Ordinance; and

B.    Direct Staff to return at the earliest possible time after convening a
      stakeholder group made up of groups such as Canopy, Acterra,
      Audubon, and after discussions with the Parks and Recreation
      Commission and relevant City Staff including Urban Forester and
      Arborist; and
                                                                            Page 36 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
