                         TRANSCRIPT
was a significant detection.   It was attributed to the person using gun
cleaner in the residence.

Council Member Holman: That was a significant reading?

Mr. Piros: Yes. It was above the human health risk-based screening level.

Council Member Holman: I have a couple of other questions, but they aren't
related to this specific thing.

Ms. Klein: I just want to interject one thing. When I talked about the
screening levels in indoor air, they are very low, 0.48 micrograms per cubic
meter. It really doesn't take very much of a consumer product. You could
open a marking pen in the vicinity of where the measurement is being
taken, and you could possibly see enough of that stuff coming off a marking
pen that it would impact the measurement. With respect to TCE, TCE is not
only found in gun cleaner or in automotive products, which you said really
wouldn't be around, but you would also find it in rug cleaners and arts and
crafts adhesives. It is really pretty predominant in a lot of products.

Mayor Burt: Can I quickly ask? Does the presence in the crawlspace
significantly imply a different source?

Ms. Klein: I think that the crawlspace issue is one that we can't answer
specifically because one of the questions that I would have is what is the
configuration of that crawlspace, could it ever have been used as a storage
area that somebody would just ...

Mayor Burt: For marking pens or whatever?

Ms. Klein: No. For paint thinners—actually that's not a good example. Rug
cleaners or—I don't know. I'm just saying that I don't know, but that was
one of the questions that we have about whether there was any use to those
crawlspaces.

Mayor Burt: That's the distinction I would make between hypothetical
possibilities, and what I was referring to was implication. My question was
when we have a series of homes with it in the crawlspace, does that provide
an implication that it's not probably from those home usages. Not a proof,
an implication.

Mr. Piros: Like I mentioned, I think we cannot discount the data or the
sampling results that have been presented to us and the possibility of this
site being a source. Again, as we talked about, we have to establish the
correlation. Seeing it in the crawlspace—there was one home we saw that

                                                                      Page 48 of 80
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/28/16
