                         TRANSCRIPT
by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), because they are supposedly
necessary for landing or take-off, but there is no definition of necessary. It
is completely up to pilot discretion. A useful report would have included
information about the types and noise characteristics of aircraft using Palo
Alto Airport (PAO). Older aircraft have noise profiles akin to an ATV or a
giant lawnmower, so that even if they comply with the recommended 1,500-
foot altitude, they create significant noise.      A new favorite, the ten-
passenger PC12 turbo prop, out of PAO is notoriously loud upon landing
approach. Helicopters are the noisiest of aircraft overall, yet we allow
training at PAO, hovering. The Baylands Master Plan limits the intensity of
operations at the Airport, but how is this intensity being quantified and
defined? Using only numbers of operations at the airport without noting the
type of aircraft is an insufficient measure of impact. Council should demand
a report that includes analysis of operations at the airport including those
not following suggested noise abatement and that show paths being used
over neighborhoods for take-off and landing. The burden of those low over-
flights and related pollution is borne by residents of Palo Alto and nearby
communities, so homeowners and home buyers need access to data
describing Palo Alto noise and pollution impacts. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes Oral Communication.

Minutes Approval

2.   Approval of Action Minutes for the January 30, February 1 and 8, 2016
     Council Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is approval of Minutes. We have Minutes in our
packet for the date of February 1st and February 8th, 2016. Do we have a
motion to approve?

Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member DuBois, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff. Any discussion?

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to approve the Action Minutes for the January 30, February 1, and 8, 2016
Council Meetings.

Council Member Kniss: Yes. Could I once again weigh in?

Mayor Burt: Yes, Council Member Kniss.

                                                                          Page 7 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
