                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I should have included within "v" a reference to "within the
constraints of Prop 26."

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'm okay with that. I'm willing to accept
that.

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd feel more comfortable if you say "within constraints
of Prop, to return with a set of options" as opposed to "programs." I think
"programs" are a little more …

Mayor Burt: That's fine.

Vice Mayor Scharff: … fleshed out. Before Staff goes and does a lot of work
creating programs.

Mayor Burt: I said fine. Does Staff see any problems with that? (Inaudible)
We don't want to just go exploring. We want to actually have you come
back with a set of alternatives. Council Member Schmid.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “

    v.      Within the constraints of Proposition 26, return with a set of
            options to reduce natural gas usage within Palo Alto including
            electric appliances and streamlined permitting for such
            appliances, and potential programs to reduce fugitive natural gas
            emissions both indoor and outdoor; and

   vi.      Exclude purchases of natural gas offsets from landfills that
            receive recyclable organic materials that would be excluded from
            landfills under best practices.”

Council Member Schmid: I support the Motion. I think it's essential that we
get it underway and start as soon as possible. Two, I think it's important
that we acknowledge that we don't have all the answers and that this is a
process that we'll go through. Number 3, I think the reference to Prop 26 is
essential. A lot of what we can do here, the ideas that the public was
sharing with us are dependent upon interpretations of 26. That's something
that we need to have as an involving item. The other thing is offsets. We're
going to start with offsets because they are economically efficient. I'm
concerned a little bit that the notion of offsets are a little too dependent on
the robust definitions given by the California Air Resources Board. I know
there's three or four references in the text to we're taking the offsets from

                                                                         Page 45 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
