                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss:     Let me just establish, is there a large parking lot
across the street?

Mr. Lait: Across Hansen, there is the CPI parking lot.

Council Member Kniss: As we look at that and as we look at this little blue
square there, did I hear correctly that it's actually not in the Research Park
as far as the zoning is concerned?

Mr. Lait: That's correct. The subject property is ...

Council Member Kniss: It's an outlier in an enormous Research Park area,
correct?

Mr. Lait: There are a few properties that are zoned CS, the subject
property, the Fish Market, McDonald's. That's captured in that yellow area
of that blue square that's on the screen right there.

Council Member Kniss: If something were to be developed across the street,
what is the zoning there?

Mr. Lait: Across El Camino or Hansen?

Council Member Kniss: No, on the same side as Hansen.

Mr. Lait: That's Research Park property, so you could have your Retail and
Development (R&D) offices.

Council Member Kniss:     It would not have the same setback requirement,
correct?

Mr. Lait: There is a 50-foot special setback on that side of Hansen as well.

Council Member Kniss: They were both done at the same time? Unless I'm
not hearing it correctly, this was done after the hotel was put in. It is not
part of the Research Park. The Research Park on the other side does have a
50-foot setback. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Along Hansen Way, there is a 50-foot special setback.

Council Member Kniss: We don't know why, or do we know why?

Mr. Lait: We've not been able to identify the specific reason. All we can do
is draw some assumptions. Increasing the roadway or having a greater
roadway for automobiles that came in the last '50s, the setback was
established. There's any number of speculative ideas that we could put

                                                                        Page 27 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
