                          TRANSCRIPT
will be tweaks. They're not going to be complete rewrites. Just quickly to
just give another example. Someone was mentioning about the need for
additional EV charging. One of the technologies that I was aware of is
coming out of Europe, out of German, which is to utilize the existing wiring
system of light poles as the lowest cost, new EV charging. I think it's going
to have a significant impact on making EV charging on the streets widely
available at low cost in the coming years. Some of these things add into
other dimensions like our Healthy Cities. One of the things on gas cooking,
we haven't had any discussion about the health impacts of gas cooking.
There are studies over the last couple of years that this is a really under-
appreciated negative health impact of gas cooking right in parallel with real
advancements in being able to have highly sensitive, quick electric controls
that didn't exist before. I don't want to be Pollyanna-ish about the impacts
of future technology advancements, but I do think that they're real. I think
we've seen whether it be in the cost of solar and renewables in the last five
years or the cost and availability of electric vehicles. I mean, just in five
years they are completely reversed from what many of the experts of
conventional wisdom had projected. I think we'll see a lot more of that.
That's one of the reasons why I think we need to do the update frequently,
to be adaptive to that. Gil, you've heard a lot from the Council. I hope that
this allows you to kind of absorb that range of input and come back with
what may be in our next meeting ability to make certain action decisions,
and then decide which ones we think we want to make in (inaudible) after
that. That's going to be one of the things that we'll have to sort through. I
want to thank everyone who's been involved in this whole initiative. We
have a lot of work yet to do, but it's come a long ways. Mr. City Manager,
did you have a comment?

Mr. Keene: Yeah. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thanks for the comments, and
everybody's comments. We got probably about 275 comments tonight.
That's a lot to look at. There was a reference earlier on about a lot of
different Study Sessions scheduled.       Actually really none of them are
scheduled. We'll be working on trying to identify the topics, process, and a
kind of master schedule. I think work a little bit with the Mayor and Vice
Mayor as we're plotting out the Agendas in coming months and try to put an
outline together that lets you know both the frequency and when we would
be dealing with those. Of course, some of those things may need to be
Action Items. Secondly, this is a Study Session, so you didn't take a
particular Motion. Without engendering a whole lot of conversation, if I were
to say the take-away related to the goal question, I guess I would say that
the Council in general thinks that a goal for the plan is important, that 80 by
'30 certainly has a lot of support. There was some interest and comments in
sort of going further than that, but we haven't set that goal yet. Clearly, I
don't think in any way we heard let's just sort of stay the course or anything
                                                                        Page 90 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
