                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: The answer is no. That's not really germane to the Motion.
That's not what gets negotiated in this Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I think that's exactly what most of this
Motion is about.

Mayor Burt: Sorry. I decline to go in that direction.         Council Member
Scharff—Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I have several concerns with the substitute
Motion. First the Mayor addressed some of them. I actually have concerns
with Number 1 as well. The way I read Number 1, it says the use will be
constructed and operated in a manner that will be orderly, harmonious and
compatible with the existing or potential uses. We're not talking about
design; we're talking about uses. For me, I do not see how we can possibly
say that ground-floor retail—if somebody else would like to address this—
how ground-floor retail on El Camino is an incompatible use. It seems
absurd. I don't get it. I'd ask Council Member DuBois or Filseth or Holman
at some point to explain—I guess not Filseth, because you said it was just
design—of why Number 1, why that would possibly be. Housing, unless
we're saying that El Camino is an inappropriate place for housing, because
that's what this project basically is. It's housing, ground-floor retail and a
little bit of office. There's also little bits of office on El Camino as well. I
don't see how Number 1 at all meets that criteria. For the reasons that the
Mayor said, Number 4 is about a residential neighborhood on El Camino,
right there. I don't see how Number 4—I know we went back and forth on
that over and over. I don't see how "1" or "4' gets you there since "1" or
"4," in my view, don't even pass the smell test in getting you there. I think
the question is do "1," "2," "4," "5" and "6" on the architectural review
findings provide a reason to deny a project. My understanding is that
denying it based on the architecture, which is what Council Member Filseth
said we should do, is not a reason to deny a project that meets the zoning.
What you're supposed to do at that point is send it back to the Architectural
Review Board. I guess I'll just ask Staff that. If you don't have "1" and "4,"
you can't make those findings, isn't the appropriate thing to do, if you're just
basing it on architectural review, is that a basis to deny a project, purely
based on architectural review or are you supposed to send it back to the
ARB?

Ms. Silver: You can deny a project because you can't make the architectural
review findings.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Really? You don't have to send it back? You can deny
it?

                                                                         Page 63 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
