                          TRANSCRIPT

PAUSD and the community. I read this that we're going to require an
assessment impact. I'm not sure what that means and how that's different
than—is that the number of students or is it how those particular students
are going to impact a particular school? Does it mean that if they're low
income students or low income housing, that it's going to require more
resources? Are we going to go into that? It's not clear to me what's the
difference between that and providing status reports. Is this a new report
developers who are trying to provide housing, all developers including low
income housing are going to have to spend the money to hire someone to
generate an impact assessment? Maybe actually you could answer that,
since the CAC obviously wrote this in.

Mr. Dennis: If I remember the conversation correctly—you may want to
help me with this—the idea behind this was that generally speaking, going
back to what I was saying earlier, there's opportunities to strengthen the
relationship between the School District and the City vis-à-vis information, I
think primarily is what is was. The idea behind this policy was to do just
that. There was not a discussion of an assessment of the sort related to
fees or anything of that nature. It's more the kind of information that they
would need that we would get through our development program essentially,
up on the fifth floor. Give them that information so they would understand
the impacts that would come there. I think I got that right. (crosstalk)

Vice Mayor Scharff: This policy was one of the few policies that struck me,
frankly, more of a program in the way it looks to me, the way it's written as
opposed to a policy. I was confused on that issue, because it sounds like it's
an operational requiring an assessment. An assessment to me means a
written document that we produce. I was wondering what that looks like. I
encourage the CAC to go back and look at that, I guess is what I'm going to
say.

Mr. Dennis: We can do that. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess we have a lot of stuff on childcare and early
education, which I fully support in concept. I'm just curious as to when we
put in a new program on these, do we have—have people come and spoken
and said there's a lack in this area or do we have an issue here or do we
have an issue there? I guess that goes in general to a lot of these. That's a
question.

Mr. Dennis: What we heard from the CAC members who were most
passionate about the situation was that this is a real problem, that there is a
                                                                         Page 36 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
