              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                           September 6, 2016

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:07 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, DuBois arrived at 5:30 P.M., Filseth, Holman,
            Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach arrived at 5:26 P.M.

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Study Session on the Parks, Trails, Natural Open Space and Recreation
      Master Plan.

Mayor Burt: Our first item tonight is a Study Session on the Parks, Trails,
Natural Open Space and Recreation Master Plan. Mr. de Geus.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Department Director: Good evening,
Mayor Burt, Council Members. Pleased to be back here to discuss the
progress we've made on the Parks, Trails, Natural Open Space and
Recreation Facilities Master Plan. Quite a mouth full. Let me introduce
members of our team here. We have members of the Parks and Rec
Commission here. They've been terrific. I think a few of them are here. I
see Ed Lauing and Anne Cribbs and Keith Reckdahl, maybe some others. We
discussed the Master Plan at every meeting.           They've just done an
outstanding job in helping Staff through this process. From Community
Services Department (CSD), we have Assistant Director Kristen O'Kane to
my right. We have Division Manager of Parks, Open Space and Golf Daren
Anderson on the far right. From Public Works, Peter Jensen has been
outstanding in keeping us on track. We also have Senior Engineer Elizabeth
Ames and Assistant Director Brad Eggleston, who deserve recognition. From
our consultant, MIG, we have Lauren Schmitt in the center here, who's a
principal of MIG and helping us with the presentation today. Just to get us
started, a reminder of the purpose of the plan, to guide decision-making for
the future development of parks, trails, open space and the recreation
system. The elements of the Plan are broken down into three sections.
Parks, trails, natural open space is one. Recreation facilities is two, and then
recreation programs as the third element. In your packet, you received a


                                                                       Page 1 of 121
