                         TRANSCRIPT
housing cost has increased three times that rate. This also speaks to the
question of whether we're seeing continuation of historical expense in Palo
Alto or something that's an increasingly challenging situation. I would argue
it's certainly the latter. I appreciate Council Member Schmid pointing out
that traffic, travel by car, public transit and parking concerns are also
highlights of dissatisfaction among Palo Altans. I agree that this is tied to
growth, but the question is really what kind of growth is driving this. Is it
job growth? Is it housing growth? Is it a growth in our jobs/housing
imbalance? Is it just economic growth? I think we should be thoughtful in
digging into what kind of growth it is that's driving the [video malfunction]
by residents. Those are my thoughts for now.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I find the report really—I mean, it's got so
much interesting data in it, but it's so hard to interpret what the data
means. I was listening to what Council Member Wolbach just said, and he
might be 100 percent right, but he might be 100 percent wrong. If you
asked me what's the availability of housing options in Palo Alto, I would say
it's really poor. If you asked me is housing affordable, I'd say it's poor.
Does that mean that I think that we necessarily can do anything about the
affordability or what do I want done about it? I don't think it shows that.
Does that mean that people want more housing? Does it show that they
want more affordable housing? Does it show they want more work or
housing? I don't think the data is broad enough to say—I don't think it digs
down deep enough to tell us what exactly it means. I thought Council
Member Kniss made a really good point about when we compare to 2010,
that's a recession. One of the other things I was doing which I really like is
on page 26 of the National Citizen Survey. When you go through the
historical results, a bunch of things jump out at me. One is that if you look
from 2006 to 2015, if you go down the columns, once in a while you'll see
an outlier year where things fall dramatically for one year, and then they
jump right back up the following year. It's somewhat significant sometimes
when they do that. It's hard for me to say if we have one year where it goes
down, especially with a margin of error of 4 percent. If it goes down 6
percent, what does that really mean? Also, given that it was a recession in
2010, there's this concept of when you look at data of normalizing the data.
I just sort of have this sense that when we look at this, we look at it each on
an individual year now. I've been doing this for what? Seven years now
we've gone through these things. We always focus in on some change. I
mean, it means something. You can tell. It's never clear to me what it
means, frankly. I'd love it if someone actually had a great statistics and
numbers background and could come in and—I hate to have another Study
Session—say we've looked at this data and, given these statistical models
                                                                         Page 18 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
