                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. French: And in urban areas (inaudible).

Mr. Lait: We get it. You want this Council Motion on 312 starting with
"establishes" and these B and C, maybe and maybe not D, to apply to these
discrete Downtown and Cal. Ave.

Mayor Burt: Yes. You might be able to work with the Clerk to try to capture
that a little better while we take these last comments. Does that sound
fine?

Council Member Holman: It does. One quick question. Because the rest of
it seems like so far okay, is this simple enough that we could get this back
within a month? It should go pretty quickly.

Mr. Lait: The Staff Report was due last week for that.

Council Member Holman: Say that again please. I'm sorry. I didn't hear it.
I'm sorry.

Mr. Lait: Staff Reports take five weeks to generate.             We can figure
something out and come back quickly.

Mayor Burt: We'll try and get it in that timeframe.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I want to go back on 2D, this language of
"transitions to land use designations," which I think (inaudible) when you're
talking about transitions between things that don't exist and may never
exist. This is one of those midnight things. The Council specifically struck
that language out before. I think we probably ought to strike it out again.
I'd propose that as an friendly amendment as well.

Mayor Burt: You've got to speak up. I can't hear you.

Council Member Filseth: I'd propose that as a friendly amendment which is
remove the language "and land use designations" from 2D.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought Staff made a fairly (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: You need to use your mike.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought Staff made a fairly cogent argument about
why that would was back in with the ARB and how important land use

                                                                        Page 104 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
