                           TRANSCRIPT
B.    Public Comment

Mayor Burt: Before we begin our discussion around the Priorities for 2016,
we have four members of the public. If anyone else wishes to speak, they
to need bring a card forward now. Our first speaker is David Page.
Welcome.

David Page: Thank you, Council Members and everyone here. I went to the
Sustainability Summit last week, and we talked about a goal of reducing the
carbon emissions; 80 by 30 is what we were talking about. Since last
weekend, I found some information about other cities and countries. I found
out that the country of Costa Rica has already adopted a goal of becoming
carbon neutral within five years. I was thinking how is it that Costa Rica can
have a more ambitious goal than the City of Palo Alto. I mean, we have a
high level of technology, we have a better standard of living. What is it that
they have that we don't have? Apparently they have some kind a way of
making priority out of having a better future with our environment. I was
thinking maybe we could do that here. What they were able to do is
prioritize their goal so they could be the first country to have a carbon
neutral nation. We could do that here, if we continue to do the kind of
things that you guys have already been doing. I got a notice in my utility
bill this week. Maybe you saw that. It says reduce your carbon footprint,
and then it says how to do it, this way, that way, the other way. This is
beautiful. This is exactly the kind of thing that fits in with the goal that we
were talking about last week. Hopefully it fits in with the Priorities that you
guys are going to come up with today. If we're able to do that, it addresses
the type of things that we're talking about in terms of housing and
transportation and mobility and floods and drought and all that sort of thing.
I'm asking you to keep doing the good work like you've already been doing
as evidenced by this flyer I got in the mail. Just push it a little further a little
faster. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Dan Garber, to be followed by
Shani Kleinhaus. Welcome.

Dan Garber: Good morning. I'm Dan Garber, and I'm Co-Chair of the CAC.
I have two things. Actually I want to mention that my Co-Chair couldn't be
here today. I've been keeping him up-to-date. He and I have been texting
this morning. Two topics. One, I believe the Planning Director will speak to
you about this later. There is an interest on the part of the CAC to have a
joint meeting regarding housing with you that had been on the Agenda and
was taken off. The other thing was that looking at the latest schedule that
was just published this morning of our work, I note that the two land use
discussions that the CAC is having have been moved up a month, a month

                                                                              Page 24 of 86
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 01/30/16
