                          TRANSCRIPT
in here? It could just be a typo. I just wanted to be really clear about which
version (crosstalk).

Ms. French: One of the members of the Architectural Review Board brought
up that local would be a good addition. I can't recall off-hand all of the
reasons.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to make sure I'm clear about which
version we would be voting on tonight.

Ms. French: Whatever is Attachment A.

Mr. Lait: It's Packet Page —it's your Ordinance. That is 7A.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll just point out then that it does not include the
word local there. For those who are concerned about the word local being
included and any problem that might accompany it if the word local is not in
there. Looks like we don't have to worry about it.

Mr. Lait: I'm seeing it under—it's (inaudible) in the second line there.

Council Member Wolbach: It's not in there?

Mr. Lait: Packet Page 305, the second line under 2B to ...

Council Member Wolbach: It's inverted. That's where I missed it.                It's
historic local resources as opposed to local historic resources.

Mr. Lait: Right Again, we're not recalling the significance of that (crosstalk)
with that being removed.

Council Member Wolbach: I was looking under character. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just to be clear, we're voting on the Ordinance,
Attachment 7B? That's what you have drafted, right?

Mr. Lait: 7A.

Vice Mayor Scharff: 7A. I get it. I get it now. I just got confused there.
Several things. I actually thought Tom had it right when he started talking
about—I think you've done a good job vetting this, going through the
process. I also do remember when these things were added. We've been
talking about the Motion, which was—when we added siting, scale and mass
of materials, the rhythmic pattern, those kind of things, we did put into the

                                                                        Page 96 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
