                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: That's a discretionary item for the Council. It certainly is not
required to provide no-cost parking for any particular public facility. It's
your discretion.

Council Member DuBois: Do you think the State law requires us to provide
an exception for them? Say it was a residential-only permit area but there
was a school there, they would be allowed to purchase permits.

Ms. Stump:    It's discretionary for the Council to determine how to handle
that.

Council Member DuBois: The other thing in the State law is the question
about adjacency.     It says privileges are for residents and merchants
adjacent to the streets, their use. Again, when we start to get out to Zone
10 and further, how do we comply with that?

Ms. Stump: Again, it's a policy consideration for the Council to determine
how that best applies in Palo Alto. There's no specific definition in the State
law, and you have discretion to determine what's the space that's
appropriate to apply the program. Where there might be programmatic
elements that would be different is also something that the Council has
discretion to determine.

Council Member DuBois: Again, we're randomly distributing permits. If
we're giving a permit to somebody that works near a Caltrain and their daily
scratcher is out in Zone 10, is there any point where somebody could say
that's really not adjacent?

Ms. Stump: The Planning Director is reminding me that there is not a
proposal currently on the table for dailies in Zone 10 or Zone 9, I think.

Council Member DuBois: Let's say a permit, I guess, an employee permit.

Ms. Stump: If the Council makes the decision that that is an appropriate
program for Palo Alto, we're confident that it complies with State law. It's a
legislative determination that you have the discretion to make.

Council Member DuBois:      There's no implication that any distance is too
great?

Ms. Stump: I'm sorry, one more time.

Council Member DuBois: There's no yardstick of distance that would be too
great to claim it was adjacent if we wanted to declare it was adjacent?


                                                                         Page 41 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
