                          TRANSCRIPT
thought we were going to have a two hour neighborhood time limit. Today,
I'm angry, but I'm also sad because of the damage being done to our
neighborhood.     Until recently, we never had a parking problem from
Downtown. Now we do, and it is a fabricated problem caused by rampant
development without adequate parking and followed by mishandling of what
was supposed to be a solution. I am here today to ask you not to approve
the sale of non-permit parking in Crescent Park. We are not a part of the
Downtown. As I have said, we never had a previous parking problem. At
our expense, the Downtown North neighborhood has been given relief from
their longstanding parking problems. This solution has driven Downtown
workers to our neighborhood. Also, the College Terrace neighborhood has
been given permit parking for residents only. At a minimum, we ask that
you give that to Crescent Park.

Council Member Schmid: Please, no clapping. You're using your time.

Ms. Baker: What gives the Council and the City the right to destroy our
neighborhood while improving Downtown North and College Terrace? You
are arbitrarily favoring some neighborhoods over others, and you are
impacting the quality of life and property values which could lead to
litigation, something none of us wants. I encourage you to search for better
alternatives and solutions.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Please.              Next speaker is Chop
Keenan, to be followed by Norman Beamer.

Chop Keenan:      Good afternoon.        Chop Keenan.     I was on this RPP
Committee for the last two years. I've got the lobotomy scars to show. It
has been a collaborative process and an iterative process. We're kind of
jumping into the unknown. Parking is a very dark science. The cap that is
being proposed by Staff appears to have some headroom over what's been
issued to nonresidents in the way of permits, I think 1,600 versus 2,000.
The cap in and of itself is probably not an issue. The idea that there is an
annual reduction was never, ever, ever broached in the two years I've been
associated with that Committee. The idea that we're going to start reducing
the neighborhood RPP is just out of whole cloth. I associate myself with
Michael Hodos on that issue. It has been a collaborative process. We need
supply. You can't reduce the supply on the street without having more
parking structures. I think it's part of the three-legged stool that doesn't get
talked about too much. The Parking District's been very good about building
new parking structures, and the City Council committed themselves to a new
parking structure. The idea of reducing the RPP maybe can be started at
City Hall. You start reducing your permits to your employees. If it's good
for the goose, perhaps it's good for the gander. Heck, you guys have

                                                                          Page 13 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
