                          TRANSCRIPT

Lydia Wallace-Pounds: Thank you very much. My name is Lydia Wallace-
Pounds. I've worked for the City of Palo Alto for 25 years, and I'm an
Administrative Associate. As City workers, we have contributed to the
financial strength of this City not only by providing the best services we can,
but also by absorbing our fair share of the costs needed to run this great
City.   Since the great recession, SEIU workers have made substantial
concessions and cost-sharing measures including capping the City's
healthcare premium contributions, creating a three-tier pension system and
increasing employee retirement to the maximum allowable contribution of 8
percent.     Also, we have significantly reduced the City's employment
expenses, so much so that according to the new financial forecast the costs
of our wages and benefits will grow only 1.8 percent over the decade. Now
our wages and benefits are below industry standards, and we cannot recruit
and retain workers just as my coworker, Peggy, just spoke about. Currently
8.5 percent of the positions in SEIU's bargaining units are vacant. Roughly a
quarter of these jobs have been open for six months or more. We can make
Palo Alto a premier place to work by offering fair wages through
realignments and COLAs. We are at the bargaining table to secure fair
wages. The City has said it will adjust employees' salaries to the average of
the market over the next few years; however, the City is proposing wage
realignments for only a portion of the workforce and only to bring these
positions up to 2 percent below the median market compensation. We are
proposing that the City bring every SEIU worker up to median market
compensation. We are also asking the City to apply across-the-board COLAs
on top of these realignments so our workforce can afford to keep up with the
costs of living in Silicon Valley. In essence, all we're asking is for the City to
pay fair wages that keep us up with increasing costs of living. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Mark Chase, to be followed by
Lynn Krug. Welcome.

Mark Chase: Good evening. Mayor Burt and members of the City Council,
my name is Mark Chase, and I have worked for the City of Palo Alto for eight
years. I'm a Supervisor in the City's Communications Center serving the
Police, Fire, Utility and Animal Control Departments as their dispatch center.
I'm also a member of the SEIU bargaining team. As we've negotiated with
the City over the last few months, SEIU's goal has been to come to an
agreement that will be fair and equitable to all parties. We're not seeking an
industry-leading agreement, but rather simply a contract that will allow our
members to be able to breathe a little easier. When one truly thinks of who
makes the City function, in most cases it's the foot soldiers, the librarians,
the tree crews, the parks department employees, the park rangers and the
                                                                            Page 3 of 91
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/8/16
