                          TRANSCRIPT
Office of Sustainability will be coming before you in the next few months,
this framework allows us the opportunity to fit the pieces of the puzzle
together to make a coherent picture. We cannot allow this to get bogged
down in the Palo Alto process as time is running out. Palo Altans are known
as early adopters, willing to take risks and envision a better world, a world
we can be proud of to leave to our children. We can be the guiding light and
the inspiration for others, and you have an opportunity to bring this into the
fore tonight. Please support the framework so we can roll up our sleeves
and get working. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our public comments, so we can
now return to the Council for discussion. Why don't we try to frame our
discussion around these three major buckets of decision criteria, guiding
principles and design principles? If there are any specific comments on the
draft Plan that we have received, we can also entertain those. I think the
primary focus tonight needs to be around those three areas that we're being
asked to act upon. Is there anyone who would like to proceed? I'll go ahead
and kick it off then. I don't see anybody else moving forward. Just a few
comments. One, I want to thank all the members of the public and the
broader community who have really committed to this initiative and this
value structure that Palo Alto has a great history on, going back to being the
first city in the U.S. that had curbside recycling and the first to have a bike
boulevard and a whole series of actions that have gone on. Really over the
last 10-15 years, the City has been great leaders in having initial renewable
energy portfolios that we've built upon, so that today we're now 100 percent
carbon free electricity, and an early Sustainability Plan and an early Climate
Action Plan and a whole series of other measures. This document really is
taking us fully into the vision that we have to have in going forward in this
phase of the 21st century. The City Manager earlier spoke about the
Comprehensive Plan and the General Plan and how this document fits in.
That caused me to reflect on Palo Alto's nomenclature. We've had a term
around a Comprehensive Plan. My understanding is that that really was a
different nomenclature from the State's General Plan terminology because
we added elements that we thought were important, to have a more
comprehensive document or plan for our community. Today, this document
is very much a critical component of a true comprehensive plan for Palo Alto.
I think that's something for us to think about. I think it really fits to have
the General Plan nomenclature be adopted for basically those elements that
are a State-mandated General Plan, and that we have a new broader
definition of what a Comprehensive Plan is. Some of the speakers also
alluded to really the national circumstance and the jeopardy that we're in,
that we could see steps backward in some of the measures that have been
taken. When we really look at what's happened, especially over the last 8
years, we had a whole series of local, State and then Federal initiatives that
                                                                       Page 33 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
