                         TRANSCRIPT
paraphrasing, but we can look at the terms of the ordinance. What we got
was a simple letter saying, "I wish we could do something different on this
property."     We didn't get the kind of economic analysis and backup
information that we requested and then received on the 100 Addison
property. This slide shows a map of the two properties, 100 Addison and
999 Alma Street. As you see, they're right across the street from each
other. One was the location of the Addison Antiques until that business left.
The other was the location of Anthropologie until that business left. I'm
sorry. Just going back, both of these properties are zoned RT-35. They're
in the South of Forest Area. If the Interim Ordinance didn't exist, they
would be allowed to convert to office uses and other uses. The RT-35
district, as I understand it, does not require ground-floor retail. It allows
retail, but it also allows these other uses. It's really the interim Ordinance
that is preventing conversion of these buildings. 425 Portage and 3241 Park
are also proximate to each other. One is zoned GM; that's the one on Park
Boulevard. The other one on Portage is zoned CS. Both of those districts
allow the uses, as I've mentioned. On 3241 Park, auto service uses are
permitted with a use permit; although, in this case no use permit was ever
obtained. It sounds like the use has been there since 1969, potentially
predating the requirement for the use permit. The pet warehouse at 425
Portage was established as a warehouse use. It was a warehouse for pet
supply distribution, and then they started doing retail activity. The retail
activity really should have not commenced unless there had been a
discussion and a granting of a variance for parking, which was never applied
for or obtained. Again, it's a permitted use in the sense that the district
allows retail uses, but it was not properly permitted. Getting to the larger
question that the Mayor indicated we'll be taking up first. We have, as I
mentioned, until April 30th of 2017 to identify and adopt any permanent
restrictions to protect ground-floor retail in the City. We have underway our
analysis of Downtown. We are, I think, at the Council's direction in prior
forums looking at adjustments to the GF boundary. That's the combination
zone that protects ground-floor retail in Downtown. At one point in the
recession, the boundary was shrunk. We're looking at increasing the size of
that boundary again. We're considering to what extent protections should
apply outside of that boundary, if at all; the extent to which protections
should apply for retail uses and support uses in basements and how that
would be couched so that it's easy to administer; updating definitions as
needed in the Downtown zone; and then something to address legal and
nonconforming uses and just the appearance and the presentation they
make to the street. We have a number of cases where office uses are
permitted because they're legal and nonconforming, but then the store
windows or the frontage is completely boarded up. It seems like a small
thing to ask those businesses to open those windows or put some kind of
display window in place. We're hoping to get some discussion from the
                                                                       Page 45 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
