                          TRANSCRIPT
changes are happening much faster than many of us have realized. I also
just want to have us step back in this context of whether we're warehousing.
We do have locations like our grand President Hotel in Downtown Palo Alto.
That's a very high-density, small-unit development that's been there for
what, 80-plus years, 90 years? I'm not sure what the date is of that. It
shows that it's not a strange new concept that we would allow smaller units
responding to people who want small units. These developers aren't fools.
They are not offering to develop units at this size without a strong belief that
there is demand for those units. When they say that they are willing to
accept the restrictions that they described, that's because they are
convinced, that they are willing to put their money on the table, millions of
dollars, that they have demand from tenants who, a certain percentage of
them, are not going to want to own a car. They're going to own the
consequences of something like that. I do think this is a challenge for
whether we as a Council and as a community can be forward looking and
actually recognize that there are changes occurring and not all of them are
bad.     Some of them are really progressive in what's happening in
transportation. I don't think this is a great site for retail. I do believe that
design and quality of construction is very important. When we look at this in
the context, the surrounding buildings are comparable in scale to what this
is. This one has to be of a high quality design. We'll have that go through
our process. I think that's critical. I think that all of these considerations in
aggregate make us say that this project responds to not only what we asked
for when we had an office proposal here, but it's also what we've been
talking about as a new model that we wanted to look at for our Downtown
areas and perhaps some areas along El Camino.                We can sit in this
unproductive pattern of saying we won't allow projects like this because we
don't have any examples of projects like this being successful in our
community. How does that pattern ever get broken? I think that it's
reasonable even though this is not a project that's being proposed based on
faith that these elements will work, but its binding agreements. I still think
it's going to be important for the community to see how these work
successfully as we look at zoning patterns to do things like this more
broadly. I think we have to figure out a way to go forward, whether this
comes back as Staff recommended as a pilot project in the PF zone or
whether it gets discussed. In parallel the Citizens Committee on the Comp
Plan begins to formulate the sorts of programs that would put this kind of
zoning in certain places in the City where we have walkable, services and a
whole series of transit offerings. Remember this is on El Camino where our
VTA 522 and 22 bus systems pass minutes apart. It is a widely used bus
system within a short distance of Caltrain, with the Marguerite system going
up to the Research Park. We who live in neighborhoods don't necessarily
realize how well served this is by transit. We project these things and we
say things frankly somewhat out of ignorance sometimes, because we just
                                                                         Page 46 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
