                         TRANSCRIPT
clear on tonight. Do that as a Motion, and then have a separate Motion for
any items that we'd like Staff to put into a bucket list to return.

Council Member Holman: Could I ask for one …

Mayor Burt: Just let me get this ….

Mr. Keene: I just want to be clear. The Staff is okay with the Motion as it's
stated up there, even including this increasing under "C." We're okay with
that, understanding that there's a larger conversation as it relates to
penalties on historic structures.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, you had something?

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that, City Manager. I don't mean
to—I know people are here mostly for Edgewood Plaza. I apologize for
dragging this out. This has been an ongoing and really, in my opinion, an
urgent concern because we do see historic buildings torn down currently.
That's why I press on this so much. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think what we're trying to do tonight is to say on
the Edgewood Plaza this is something that is important to the Council, the
community, and we want to deal with it imminently. I guess I would see
Item 18.52.05, the last item on Page 63, Transportation Demand
Management conditions. I would just note that the fines stated there of
$500 a day. On the next page, after half a year they are quintripled [sic],
go up to $2,000 per day. That amount of money over 1 year is less than
one-third the amount that Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) is
spending each year on achieving their target. TDMs are something which
are essential to a number of our strategic goals. I think this penalty is too
low. I would suggest doubling the amounts of penalties on there.

Mayor Burt: Let me just jump in there. I'm interested in increasing those
penalties, but I think the comparison is not valid. The Stanford Medical
Center project is an enormous project, the largest development project in
the City's history.

Council Member Schmid: 2,400 people and workers, and that's similar to
many other districts that would have a TDM.

Mayor Burt: Many other districts?

Council Member Schmid:       Yes.     Like the Stanford Research Park, the
Downtown.
                                                                       Page 42 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/7/16
