                         TRANSCRIPT
Council on another set of aspects." That's acceptable, not common but
acceptable. I just want to make sure that that purview aspect is well
understood by all Council Members.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: On that note, we will now move onto City Manager Comments.
Mr. Perez, you're our acting City Manager.

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager/Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Thank you.
Good evening, Mayor Burt, members of the Council. Lalo Perez, Chief
Financial Officer. As you heard, I'm standing in for City Manager Keene. I
have a couple of announcements for you tonight. One, the Santa Clara
County transportation tax, Measure B, won by a large margin on
November 8th. This measure will impose a half cent sales tax to fund an
estimated $6.5 billion in transportation upgrades for the County. The
increased sales tax could take effect as early as April of 2017 and will be in
effect for 30 years. Transportation programs and projects to be funded by
the Measure B include Phase 2 of the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART)
program, which is about 1.5 billion in 2017 dollars with a cap of a maximum
of 25 percent of program tax revenues; County expressways, $750 million in
2017 dollars; highway interchanges, $750 million in 2017 dollars—I'm going
to stop saying 2017 dollars, because they're all 2017 dollars—Caltrain grade
separations, 700 million; transit operation, $500 million; State Route 85
corridor, $350 million; Caltrain corridor capacity improvements, $314
million; bicycle and pedestrian programs, $250 million; local streets and
roads, $1.2 billion. The Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority will
administer the funds countywide. Guidelines for many of these programs,
including Caltrain grade separation, bicycle and pedestrian programs, and
local streets and roads, will be developed by Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) staff, the Technical Advisory Committee and
the Policy Advisory Committee before being presented to the VTA Board for
approval. The City of Palo Alto has representatives on both the advisory
committees, and the VTA staff has indicated that they will schedule
committee workshops in January to begin work on the necessary program
guidelines. It's expected that the guidelines will specify requirements for
local matching funding for some of the programs. At the end of the day,
Staff believes that Palo Alto projects have a fair chance of receiving
significant portions of the Caltrain grade separation and the
bicycle/pedestrian program funds depending on how the programs are
structured. Several of the projects included in the preliminary list for the
County Expressway Tier 1 projects and Caltrain capacity improvements will
also benefit Palo Alto residents and commuters. The local streets and roads
program funding will be distributed on a formula basis with Palo Alto
                                                                          Page 5 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
