                          TRANSCRIPT
to help the environment unless you look and say maybe we have to touch a
few things we considered untouchable. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Keith Bennett, to be followed by Bill Ross.

Keith Bennett: Hello. I'm Keith Bennett. Some of you know me. Water is a
critical component of any Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. Climate
change and population growth will exacerbate water issues. I would like to
call your attention tonight to Section 5.2.2 of the draft 2016 Santa Clara
Groundwater Management Plan, which states "historically saltwater intrusion
has been observed in the shallow aquifer of the Santa Clara sub-basin
adjacent to SF Bay. Significant increases in groundwater pumping or sea
level rise due to climate change can lead to saltwater intrusion." In the
following paragraph, the Plan goes on to state "although not typically used
for beneficial purposes, the shallow aquifer is also a potential future source
of drinking water or other beneficial use." Let me repeat that. The shallow
aquifer is also a potential future source of drinking water or other beneficial
use. Against this background, I would like—finally I want to point out that
careful beneficial use of shallow groundwater has a much lower carbon
footprint than current practices and would be highly compatible with Cool
Cities.    Against this background, please note that the City currently
estimates that 120 million gallons of groundwater was legally pumped this
year in Palo Alto for the construction of eight residential basements. This is
35 percent of the estimated aquifer recharge by San Francisquito Creek for
an entire year. It is also approximately twice the amount of water pumped
from under Oregon Expressway annually.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bill Ross, to be followed by
Rita Vrhel.

Bill Ross: Good evening, Mayor and Council. I'm a resident, business owner
and ratepayer in both capacities. My comments are focused principally on
the goals and policies set forth in four, water management. I would suggest
also that there's a document for integration that could be relied on
presently. It's the 2015 General Plan Guidelines that are proposed; they
aren't yet adopted. It contains several references to how the Sustainability
Plan can be related directly to the required elements including circulation
and land use. Water management, I don't understand why there isn't a
policy right now to implement the zero water footprint. It's the comparable
thing that's been done with respect to air quality standards being met both
with respect to State levels and Federal standards. Also, you have the
opportunity to immediately require dual plumbing in all new development.
You had the chance on 1050 Page Mill, where you could exercise your
discretion as the last speaker said or the one previous to that in a land use

                                                                       Page 30 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
