                         TRANSCRIPT

the policy stated in the draft language. It is our strong feeling that
temporary housing will not be sufficient to address chronically homeless
individuals and families who often manifest mental and physical health
issues, problems, addiction and problems finding jobs. The needs of the
homeless are complex. Permanent supportive housing is a combination of
affordable housing and support services designed to help individuals and
families use housing as a platform for health and recovery following a period
of homelessness, trauma including PTSD, hospitalization or incarceration.
Supportive housing is the basis for services and its proven to be the most
clinically effective and cost effective approach.              Basically our
recommendation is that you use the phrase permanent, supportive housing
in addition to temporary housing.       Secondly, to address the issue of
partnerships, I believe you should be adding to the partners that you've
listed business organizations, the State and the Federal government.
Effective partnerships including funding must reach beyond local and
regional efforts. Let's be realistic. To really provide policy and program
guidance to address homelessness, these proposed language changes are
needed to improve our capacity and our ability to more broadly build
partnerships and leverage funding. It is important we do this if we want to
be impactful and meaningful in our work and if we want to have a prayer
related to expanding services for the homeless. Please seriously consider
our recommendations, and I think it will make the Element stronger. Thank
you, and it's nice to see everyone.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bob Moss, to be followed by
Arthur Keller. Final speaker, Stephanie Munoz.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt. Speaking as an individual, not as a
Library Commissioner because the Library Commission hasn't discussed this
topic. In the Staff Report on page C-8, packet page 93, you have a table of
library facilities and operations. It omits a number of things. For example,
the only branch which is listed as having a media collection is the Children's
Library. Of course, there are media collections in all of the branches. Books
on CDs are also available in most of the branches. There are more, but I'm
not going to get into the details. I think the basic issue I have is that the
facilities and offerings of the libraries are not adequately described in the
table. I know the libraries were added kind of at the last minute, so there
wasn't an awful lot of discussion about the topic. I think if we're going to
have a report on what community facilities we offer and programs and what
opportunities are available, we should be more complete. I picked up the
libraries in particular because that's a topic I'm interested in. You might
want to look at some of the other tables and just be sure that everything is
                                                                        Page 19 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
