                          TRANSCRIPT
opportunity to live in your units but also for the rest of the community that
benefits from living in a place that is not totally economically homogenous. I
appreciate that and look forward to continuing to work with you as we try
and move some projects forward that will take into the account the design
that is appropriate for the neighborhood and take into account the traffic,
the parking and the safety issues, which are of course very important for
whatever neighborhood either a new project goes into or a redeveloped
project such as California Park.

Mayor Burt: I have a few both questions and comments. You may or may
not have answers on the fly for all of my questions. One of the things—I
was glad to hear you really embracing a deeper outreach with
neighborhoods where you're considering projects going forward. I actually
have quite a bit of experience working with the Housing Corp. through two
projects in the University South area, one that Council Member Holman had
mentioned, the Oak Court project, which for an affordable family housing
project is award-winning for good reason. It's a really fantastic project. I
know a lot of people who can afford market rate and who said, "I wouldn't
mind living there. That's a beautiful place, and it fits in wonderfully with the
neighborhood." The history to that actually is that the University South
neighborhood—when we were going about looking at what we wanted in the
specific plan for the redevelopment of the Palo Alto Medical Foundation
greater site, because they had land beyond their main block, one of the
neighborhood objectives was an affordable housing project. Not one of the
things that the neighborhood would accept, but one of the neighborhood
objectives that they pushed for was an affordable housing project. We
wanted it to be compatible with the neighborhood design. Both those things
happened. Just prior to that we had a project that—when we're talking
about what Mountain View and Redwood City are doing on some of these
higher unit-density projects, we actually have a very good example, and
that's Alma Place. That's 107 units. Do you know what the acreage is on
that approximately?

Ms. Gonzalez: Sorry, we don't know offhand. I'm sure I can think about it.
It's small.

Mayor Burt: I'm not sure that it's an acre. It's in that ballpark.

Ms. Gonzalez: It's less than an acre.

Mayor Burt: I think that would be very useful to bring forward including
really a table on your projects on the number of units per acre, then the
parking ratio and then the parking utilization rate, if you have that. If you
have a low parking ratio—I know that you mentioned some of these like

                                                                           Page 19 of 120
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/24/16
