                           TRANSCRIPT
has increased over time, through labor, through adding more complexity to
our processes. In 2001, there really wasn't cloud offerings. There weren't
providers who could provide us software that we could just subscribe to.
There are new models of using software that didn't exist. Today our
expectations are just so much bigger. We want very good reporting. We
want real-time, accurate reporting. We want a lot more self-service. I think
finally today people want to use the tech from their mobile devices. The
technology we have, because of its age and from the point at which we
bought it, many things I just described simply are not available to us on our
version.    If that wasn't enough to convince you that we have to do
something, the last time we upgraded SAP was in 2009 which is now seven
years ago. We are on an old version. SAP itself has a completely new set of
technologies to do the same things that their software did in 2009. Because
we're on an old version and it's not easy to upgrade, we do as a
consequence pay for some premium support. We brought in a company; it
was in late 2014. In early 2015, I reported on the results to the Finance
Committee. These are the very summarized results of the evaluation that
the vendor did. Some of it is clear from the arguments I already made
around the use of contemporary technology versus what we have available
to us today. SAP is a successful application at the City today, but we don't
use a lot of it. It's actually quite underutilized. Part of the reason for that, it
is somewhat complex and it's costly to enable some of the features that we
don't currently use. In the list here you'll see we don't take advantage of
some of the more contemporary capabilities such as workflow which allow a
piece of information submitted to the system to flow easily to another
individual to take some action, to flow to another individual to take action.
Reporting continues to be difficulty. I think you've heard that based on
some of your own requests of Staff. It's hard to use, and we have been
challenged with training people and keeping people up to speed on the
product. Because of Staff turnover, we lose a lot of intellectual knowledge
on the product. Finally, it is an expensive product to run today just daily
and then to add features that we would like. Every time we want to add
something that you ask us to add, we have to bring in external talent, and
it's costly. Again, it’s a version of the software that doesn't allow Staff to
easily make the kinds of changes we would like to make. Those are a series
of the motivations that drive sort of the next set of recommendations. When
you boil it all down, there are really three options for us at the City. It's
worth saying that we could technically stay on SAP for a little while longer;
we could maintain the status quo. It'll get increasingly expensive and will
continue not to be able to meet City Staff and Council needs around mobility
and reporting and self-service and all the other things we want to do.
Option Two, because we're SAP, we could simply upgrade. I use the word
"simply" as an understatement. It would be hard; it would basically be a
new implementation. A third option would be to look out to the marketplace
                                                                              Page 3 of 66
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/29/16
