                          TRANSCRIPT
encouraged to go out to Zones 8, 9 and 10. Again, they're not adjacent to
the Downtown commercial core. My final comment is regarding the data and
the request that the City improve the accuracy of the data collection and
reporting to increase its value to making decisions for the City and for you
guys. There's several errors in the most recent report, such as a block on
the City map that was posted up there. It shows that there's 11 parking
spaces, and it shows as green and that it's available for parking. Yet, 24/7
no parking is allowed on that block because it's where we live. There's also
several other issues. When there's errors in the Report, that can also call
into question what else there might be a problem with. One point I wanted
to make about the surveying that's been done. When Neilson puts together
his surveyors and we go out in the field, we were doing that about twice a
month. We'd go out on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday around the same
time, and we'd have more consistent data. If you just have one or two
points of parking information during the next few months, that's really not
enough to base the decision to make a permanent program, I think. Thank
you very much for all your time and work on our programs for the
community.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Norman Beamer to be followed by Mel Matsumoto.

Norm Beamer: Thank you. I would urge you to go ahead and pass the
Resolution that adds these three additional blocks to the eligibility area. It's
too bad they have to join. I'm sure they're not excited about joining, but
they have to because of this spillover effect. As I said in March, I don't think
it's fair to just keep pushing this out further and further. I would certainly
support the idea of not issuing any more nonresident permits to these outer
areas. They traditionally never had this problem before, and why should we
push it on them. In the meantime, as I said in March, it's better than
nothing to be in the zone so that at least these spillover parkers aren't
jamming up just beyond the edge. Of course, once they join and once the
signs are up, the nonresidents are just going to move another block out, and
so they'll be knocking on your door. I would urge you to modify the
Resolution to prospectively allow additional blocks to join the eligibility area
by petition without having to come back for another Resolution, which is
another multi-month delay process.          I have personally observed this
phenomenon of people clustering just over the edge. Some people park and
just walk to work. As Mayor Burt said, it's good exercise. Others get their
bicycles out of the trunk or skateboards or whatever. Recently I've observed
what I call hybrid carpooling, where several cars will park just beyond the
edge and they'll all pile into one car and commute/carpool that remaining
distance. People are clever, and they're getting around it. I predict it's just
going to extend further out and further out. I think it should have a very
smooth mechanism for allowing the additional blocks to join in.
                                                                        Page 91 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
