                          TRANSCRIPT

illustrated architectural guidelines as a tool to assist homeowners, architects,
City Staff and the Palo Alto Historic Resources Board in making decisions
about how to make alterations, additions and new construction compatible
with the character of the Professorville Historic District. At the workshop,
City Staff will present background information about how to make
alterations, additions and new construction compatible, will answer
questions of homeowners and residents and gather community input prior to
drafting the Design Guidelines. Topics to be covered at the workshop
include the history and architecture of Professorville, how the Historic Design
Guidelines will be used and next steps in the process. There will be future
workshops, and members of the public will have an opportunity to review
and comment on a draft of the Guidelines before they are considered for
adoption by the City Council. A community workshop for Parks, Trails,
Natural Open Space and Recreation Master Plan will be held this Thursday,
February 11th, from 6:30 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. in the Embarcadero Room at
the Rinconada Library. The workshop will follow the structure of the recently
completed online community survey challenge which allows folks to weigh in
on prioritizing various projects and needs. The community is encouraged to
attend, and information about the master planning process is located on our
website, paloaltoparksplan.org. Finally, as we head into mid-February and
even though it's sunny and warm out, I thought it would be good to get an
update on where we stand with respect to the El Nino scenario. The
seasonal climate outlooks for February to April indicate an increasing
likelihood of above-average precipitation in the Bay Area where models
predict a 40 percent chance of above-average rainfall over the next three
months. Looking ahead at the weather forecast for the next two weeks
though, we expect to see a dry and warm weather pattern with only one day
of rain predicted. The rainy season for the Bay Area typically can run
through April 15th, so there still is plenty of opportunity for some significant
storms. Looking at the historical peak flow rates for the San Francisquito
Creek, a quarter of the top 20 storm events have taken place after
February 8th.      NOAA, the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric
Administration, which is one of the primary monitors of weather and El Nino
weathers, will be producing its next monthly report on the status of El Nino
and the trends on February 11th. We'll share that information on our
website and with the Council more directly. That's all I have to report.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Thank you.      Our next item is Oral Communications. I have
only two speaker cards.     If anyone else wishes to speak, please come

                                                                           Page 7 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
