                          TRANSCRIPT
huge opportunity here. If you came to Council and said, "If I spend a $1,
I'm going to save $1.20," I don't think you'd find any hesitation. I think
starting to really show us where you're getting the biggest bang for the buck
and what we're saving in terms of time or effort or just cost avoidance would
be a huge addition to these annual updates. I really think if you think about
key performance measures for your group, like I said, you could get a huge
budget just by showing us where you're saving us money. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Thank you for the presentation and
all the great effort. I have a couple or three questions. Council Member
Kniss mentioned something that we had seen at a conference. I think it was
Austin, but it's been a couple of years ago. It's great to talk about this, but
there's nothing like showing a demonstration. Even tonight, if you put
something—I don't know if you have a laptop with you—on the screen,
here's how you access Open Government. We were pretty amazed that you
can go to Utilities Department and see what the Staff positions were two,
three, four years ago, what the salaries were two, three, four years ago. It's
just amazing data that we could use to a much greater extent than we do in
our budget discussions. Again, I think it's great that I can be talking about
it, but there's nothing better than a demonstration. I don't know if you can
do anything ...

Mr. Reichental: I'm up for the challenge.

Council Member Holman: While you're doing that, I have a question about
311. I haven't had occasion to use 311 myself; I'm sure I will. I'm
wondering what's the response. You submit a pothole, what's the response
that the user gets?

Mr. Reichental: In terms of the experience or in terms of the timeline? It
immediately registers that the City has received your submission. You
should get a unique identification (I.D.) If you've signed up as a user; you
get an email where you can track the issue. You can use 311 without
registering, but I recommend you register to use it to get a better
experience. Once somebody touches the ticket—for example, an analyst
goes in in Public Works and evaluates it; you get an email saying it's been
opened and being evaluated. Once an engineer is dispatched, you get
notified. There is this sort of ongoing notification. Some people actually
said it's too much; others like it. When it's resolved, it says we've resolved
it and here's how you can provide feedback. One of the selling points is that
transparency and interaction that you get as a user of the experience.


                                                                        Page 14 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
