                         TRANSCRIPT
Special Orders of the Day

2.   Selection of Applicants to Interview on September 27, 2016 for the
     Historic Resources Board, the Parks and Recreation Commission, the
     Planning and Transportation Commission, and the Storm Drain
     Oversight Committee.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is selection of applicants to interview for our
Historic Resources Board, the Parks and Recreation Commission and the
Planning and Transportation Commission and the Storm Drain Oversight
Committee. I want to make sure everybody's seen that at our places the
City Clerk gave us a handout. We had, I guess, three applicants who had
their applications come in essentially the calendar day of the deadline, but
after the close of business. Upon looking at our Code, the Clerk has some
discretion on being able to extend the deadline. Beth, do you have anything
that you want to share as far as a recommendation? Are you looking for
Council guidance on this? How do you want to proceed?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Beth Minor, City Clerk. I'm looking for Council
direction on this. In the At-Places item that we sent you today and is at
places tonight, we did include the three additional applicants for you to
review for this evening and to include them in the balloting.

Mayor Burt: If the Council would like to allow these additional applicants to
be considered for interviews, we need to give the Clerk that guidance. It's
actually, I think, the Clerk's discretion.      The Council could reopen
applications, but that would delay the process. The Clerk has discretion to
extend the deadline at her own volition. She is looking for our thoughts on
that. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I would move that we authorize the City Clerk to
utilize her discretion to keep the ...

Council Member Kniss: I would second it.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to authorize and request the City Clerk to include the additional
applications received for the recruitment and included in the At-Place
Memorandum, for Council’s consideration for interviews.

Mayor Burt: Let me just make sure that's in order for us to actually take a
Motion on something that's within the Clerk's discretion. It'd be only
advisory.



                                                                      Page 39 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
