                          TRANSCRIPT
from Consent. Was it just in general to want to review it in greater depth or
were there specific things that you wanted to draw attention to?

Council Member Wolbach: I think that some of my colleagues may have
some other concerns that they'd like to point out. I did feel that some of
the—we can go through them one by one if necessary, hopefully not. I
guess two overarching concerns. First, it seemed that there were at least a
couple of times in the letter that we stated that something would result in
significant impact, which was not sufficiently studied in the Draft EIR. I
didn't see the basis for us making that claim. If that was softened to say
that we are concerned X or Y or Z might cause significant impacts that were
not fully studied.     That softening of the language, I would be more
comfortable with. That's one issue. Again, my colleagues may have
specifics they'd like to add to that. Secondly, a significant theme of the
letter seems to be and the application of the letter seemed to be expressing
an interest in reducing or delaying additional housing in East Palo Alto.
Although, we may have a range of opinions about how much, where and
when to add housing in Palo Alto, I don't think that Palo Alto should be
advocating against or for delay of housing in other communities in the
region.

James Keene, City Manager: Just maybe a very kind of quick explanation
from Hillary, too, about the process of Draft EIR comments and how they're
taken and the City's response. Just very quickly, I would say that I do think
that the housing comments were not about East Palo Alto in general. They
were very specifically allocated to the western boundary that it shares with
Palo Alto and Palo Alto neighborhoods, and just an attempt to identify
potential impacts depending upon some of the variables that could be at
play. Hillary.

Hillary Gitelman: Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Jim, Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I would
just add to that a little. Both Jim and I have heard from residents of Palo
Alto who are concerned about the impacts of the additional development the
City of East Palo Alto's General Plan anticipates on the west side of East Palo
Alto. The letter tries to point out—not saying that additional is a bad thing,
but tries to point out that it would potentially have impacts and impacts on
Palo Alto. We think those impacts should be better characterized and
described in the EIR. If you look at Page 3 of the letter with a population
and housing comment, we're pointing out that while only eight percent of
East Palo Alto's land area is in the west side planning area, currently 22
percent of the population is in that area. That's really where they're putting
a lot of the development potential that they're creating with this General
Plan Update. Our feeling is that it is going to have impacts in some of the
                                                                            Page 90 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
