                          TRANSCRIPT
essentially regardless of whether it's a third-party appellant or if it's the
applicant. I think that's appropriate. I'm going to support the Amendment.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think the issue I'm having with this is I don't
think the analogy of a courtroom and innocence and guilt is really right. I
think it's really cost recovery and amount of ...

Mayor Burt: It's not innocence and guilt. I was referring to civil court.

Council Member DuBois: Sure. Still, I think what we're trying to do is base
this on the amount of work and recovering costs. That's why I'm struggling
with this one. I do feel projects that are on the bounds generate more work,
and we should recover most costs from those. I'm somewhat torn, but
that's where I'm coming down.

Mayor Burt: Does any—Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think the appeal in many cases is asking for a
discretionary decision. There's some uncertainty about interpretation. I
think in making the appeal you accept the fact that you want to pay for that
interpretation. I would vote against the Amendment.

Mayor Burt: I see no more speakers. Let's vote on the Amendment alone.
That passes on a 5-2 vote with Council Member Schmid and DuBois voting
no and Council Member Holman absent as well as Vice Mayor Scharff.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-2 DuBois, Schmid no, Holman, Scharff absent

Mayor Burt: We can now return to the main Motion. Unless anyone has any
questions, we can vote on the main Motion.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry, Mayor Burt. I would like to be super, super clear
about this appeal issue, because we have said some things this evening that
have not been clear. Most of the appeals you see, I think I'm accurate in
saying, relate to architectural reviews. I'm not talking about that; I'm
talking about IRs, the single-family homes. If someone opposes a single-
family home that's being proposed next to them, they can request a
director's hearing.    That's one fee in this Fee Schedule.       It's not an
insubstantial amount. It takes a while to prepare for those hearings.
Currently, we haven't been recovering our costs. We are proposing to
recover those costs with this fee. If that director's decision makes a
tentative decision after that hearing, it can be appealed to the City Council.
In that case, the neighbor would have to pay again this smaller fee, $280.

                                                                         Page 33 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
