                              TRANSCRIPT
charging stations to power five million electric cars—I know Bruce Hodge will
like that one—by 2020. That's absolutely fascinating. If you're looking at
this as where is the rest of the world going, this is an intriguing article.
Remember what this is saying, this is good economics, not just good for the
planet. It's actually good for our economic future, which is something we
really haven't discussed tonight. I think it's important to put that on the
record. With that, I am supporting the Motion.

Mayor Burt: I see we have no more comments. I'll just echo what some of
the speakers had said. Given our national circumstance and where we may
be headed on Federal climate change protection, we're really sort of back
where we were before the Paris accord, where initiatives of local and
regional and state governments and private sector are going to be the
primary drivers for the time being in the U.S. on climate protection. Palo
Alto has been a leader on this. The initiatives we take do have highly
leveraged impacts as others are trying to figure out what's over the horizon
as they become electrified and then what's next, as we're struggling with
that. I think this is a great initiative. I want to thank everybody involved
from the citizen activists on this to the UAC and our Staff. Look forward to
the next steps here. Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously.
Thank you all. Moving right along.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:                    Council Member Wolbach moved,
seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to:

A.         Adopt a Resolution that:

      i.         Approves the Carbon Neutral Gas Plan, enabling the City to
                 achieve a carbon-neutral gas supply portfolio starting in FY 2018
                 with a rate impact not to exceed 10¢/therm; and

     ii.         Terminates the PaloAltoGreen Gas program established by
                 Resolution 9405; and

B.         Direct Staff to:

      i.         Develop an implementation plan for the Carbon Neutral Gas
                 Plan; and

     ii.         Minimize cost to achieve carbon reduction within 10¢/therm rate
                 impact cap; and

     iii.        Prefer local offset projects and return to Council to determine an
                 acceptable premium, if any, to be paid for a local offset project
                 when a certified project is identified; and
                                                                             Page 48 of 81
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 12/5/16
