                          TRANSCRIPT
nonexistent Adobe Creek U.S. 101 overcrossing via Ross Road to Garland
Drive, which is a small residential area just north of the Oregon Expressway.
Then it just ends right there. I sit there and I watch Ross, and there are no
bicycles on it much. For 38 years, I've watched it. If you look on page 44
and page 61 of the manual that was handed out before this meeting, they
counted bikes and pedestrians at the most popular hours. It turns out that
there are three bikes and pedestrian per hour on Ross in the morning, and
six total pedestrians and bikes total going every which way. There's hardly
any traffic at that intersection at all. In the evening, there are six bikes that
are on Ross going up and down. There are 20 going on Moreno back and
forth. It's an odd choice of choosing Ross for a bicycle. Most people use
Ross or use Louis or Middlefield. The other thing is that they're going to put
a mini roundabout in my intersection. Down on Colorado and Ross, basically
they're going to put some traffic diverters, but the signs are still there. Yes?

Mayor Burt: Your time's up. Can you just wrap up?

Mr. Fry: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Zoe Hoster, to be followed by
Amie Ashton. Welcome.

Zoe Hoster: Good evening, thank you. My name is Zoe Hoster from Palo
Alto, speaking in favor of the bicycle and pedestrian improvements that we
learned about this evening. In my view, our ability to bike and walk in Palo
Alto is one of the great advantages of living in this City. I grew up biking to
school in Palo Alto. Now, I bike to work, walk and bike for the majority of
my trips around the City.       As we heard from the commenters about
Middlefield Road earlier, especially dangerous traffic and congestion are a
major issue in Palo Alto. Now, we have the opportunity through these
improvements to solve a lot of these issues in a responsible way. A lot of
you asked very good questions about these improvements. A lot of them
are new. We haven't seen them in Palo Alto before, but I'm confident that
they are the right answer to solve these congestion and safety issues in the
right way. As a young and healthy person myself, I'm able to walk and bike
around Palo Alto without much hassle. That's not the case for a lot of
children and for a lot of people who are more cautious than someone like I
am. With these improvements, they will be able to enjoy the benefits of
walking and biking around the City. All of us will enjoy the benefits of
reduced traffic congestion and increased safety. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Amie Ashton to be followed by Penny Ellson.

Amie Ashton: I also wanted to speak in support of the item. I really believe
if you build it, they will come. I bike everywhere in Palo Alto, and it's
                                                                         Page 36 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
