                         TRANSCRIPT
was I don't remember. It was like some percentage of one percent. If you
could remind us of that.

Mr. Metz: That's right. Palo Alto is, I believe, about five percent of the
countywide electorate. It's six percent of the five percent, 0.25 percent.

Mr. Heath: The information we shared with the Ad Hoc Committee was if
you assume that essentially we're losing five percent of five percent of the
county, that's a 1/4 percent for the VTA measure, which isn't much.
Although, it's a two-thirds measure. If you look back to the last proposal
that VTA had on the ballot in 2008, that measure won by a 1/10 percent
countywide. In a two-thirds measure with very, very narrow margins—I
understand the VTA measure is polling at a higher rate this year than it did
in 2008. Nonetheless, a 1/4 percent isn't irrelevant in this context.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.        I appreciate it.   I think it's critical
information for us to have. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I had at least one follow-up question. We have the slides that
specifically ask the impact on the VTA tax, which was about bringing down
our local support for it from 75 to 69 percent. Dave, you had shared with us
your own thoughts on the impact that a strong local opposition campaign
toward our tax would have on the VTA tax. Maybe it was more Charles.

Mr. Heath: You can look at this two ways. One on hand, if you have a
strong campaign articulating the reasons why transportation issues in Silicon
Valley need to be addressed, that probably helps both measures. If you
have a strong articulation questioning the real impacts that a public
investment in these programs might have, you start to wonder to what
extent voters are going to distinguish between the two measures when they
are hearing and thinking about those opposition measures. There's the
potential that strong opposition to a local measure could have a sort of
spillover effect on a VTA measure. It's a hard thing to quantify; although, I
would suspect that that's part of what we're seeing in the six point decrease
in the VTA measure after people have heard the discussion and debate
around the local Palo Alto measure.

Mr. Keene: That could be, again, intensified if there was a strong opposition
campaign with a lot of statements being put out or thrown around.

Mayor Burt: Shall we next hear from Charles?

Mr. Heath: In thinking about the feasibility of this measure, we sort of took
a two-pronged approach. One was the statistically reliable data that Dave
gathered for us to help us understand voter opinion about this issue. We
                                                                         Page 54 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
