                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman:        Thank you.    Sometimes we add things as
comments and sometimes as part of the Motion. I ask the maker if he
would accept as an amendment to include in an agreement that comes back
the space that is currently used for other uses behind the building and the
space that is leased out to vehicle storage as a part of the space to be
utilized by Pets in Need.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let's have Staff respond to that.

Mr. Keene: Number 1, I think the Mayor's point was a good one. In the
sense that you're concerned about this, the best direction is to put it in a
Motion. That being said, we don't know what a design or whatever for the
future facility is going to be. I would certainly say that if absolutely need the
space to expand programming or to accommodate a redesigned facility, I
can't imagine—I'm certainly not going to recommend we keep parking cars
there instead of doing that. It doesn't make any sense at all. On the other
hand, there may be other configurations that we would use in that area
rather than just where the parking lot is. I wouldn't want to get hemmed in
by our thinking, saying just do this that will allow it. The intention of
acknowledging that there will need to be changes at the site on its existing
and maybe even adjacent properties, and we need to stay open to that.
That needs to be a first level of importance. I wouldn't get down to the
nitty-gritty of spelling it out right now.

Council Member Holman: The reason that I wanted to put this in here is
because whether it's a new or amended facility or whether it's for dog
training, I've heard current shelter users. I've heard volunteers for the
shelter. I've heard from the Friends. I've heard from the Humane Society
that there's not a place there even with this size facility for training. If this
would be accepted by the Vice Mayor and maker of the Motion, that's great.
If not, I'll offer it as a separate amendment.

Vice Mayor Scharff:      I think it's premature after the City Manager's
comments.

Council Member Holman: I'll offer it as a separate amendment.

Mayor Burt: That doesn't have a second, but I would support something
that's less prescriptive, which is that when Staff evaluates the long-term
capital program for the shelter, it include consideration of surrounding
spaces and the needs for related services.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “including the space that is currently used

                                                                         Page 62 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
