                           TRANSCRIPT
then a gap and then two more retailers, do you want to make that whole
strip ground-floor retail? If we're looking at future, do we want to look at
that as something we want to look at amortizing?

Mr. Lait: In addition to our base understanding of the Motion, we will look to
see if there is a logical connection that the GF boundary should be extended
to, to address that gap in coverage. I know one example in SOFA II where
that would be, I think, catty-corner possibly to Whole Foods. I think there's
an office space there, but then there's retail next to it. We'll look at that.

Council Member Holman: That's the question. Thank you a lot.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff, you had a map question.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did have a map question. There's two different colors
on my map. There's a light green and a yellow. Are they the same or are
they supposed to signify something different? They're supposed to signify, I
believe, increasing where the proposed ground-floor combining district
parcels would go.

Mr. Lait: Upper right of the map, do you see 12 and then there's a number,
letter?

Vice Mayor Scharff: 12E.

Mr. Lait: 12E.

Mayor Burt: Good point. The PowerPoint map that I thought was intended
to be the same doesn't have those two different colors. It may just be an
illustration difference. All yellow. This shows it in all yellow. This has two
tones. We're trying to figure out whether the two tones are designating
something deliberately.

Ms. Eisberg: This light pink tone?

Mayor Burt: If one of you want to come up. On this map, there's the
yellow. Next to it is this pale green. Are they both meant to be the same
thing?

Ms. Eisberg: Yes.

Mayor Burt: On this they are. We'll just ignore that hue difference. We just
want to make sure we weren't doing something different from what we
intended.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Vote on the board.
                                                                      Page 106 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
