                          TRANSCRIPT
appropriately a Consumer Price Index (CPI), but instead it seems to track to
our costs of labor. Should that be built into this Ordinance?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the question. We didn't consider whether to
do that. We were thinking that we would continue to rely on this regular
budget process where ASD will bring forward an adjustment to the fees as
part of that process each year. We could, of course, look at that if the
Council is interested in actually building something into this Fee Schedule
different from what might be in the other Fee Schedules.

Mayor Burt: It just seems that that process hasn't worked well enough. I'm
not sure what would be different about it going forward. On Page 7, there is
a reference to an appeal fee where the applicant would pay to recover the
full cost of appeals. The Council had had discussions on wanting to not
create appeal amounts that were overly expensive and onerous on
appellants. On the flip side of that, this doesn't clarify that, say, if there was
an appeal and it failed, the applicant would still have to pay the full cost of
that appeal?

Ms. Gitelman: That's what we're proposing. As Sherry indicated, this is a
policy matter, if the Council would like to not charge that additional fee or
would like to charge less.

Mayor Burt: I'm just trying to first understand the rationale for it. What's
the fairness rationale for an applicant having to pay for an appeal that they
prevailed on?

Ms. Gitelman: From the City's perspective, the City is still spending time
processing that appeal, bringing it to hearing, Staff Reports, all the analysis
it takes whether or not the appeal is upheld or denied. In an effort to
recover our costs, we're recommending that we charge the applicant for
that. If the Council doesn't want to charge the applicant for appeals that are
denied, then the General Fund would continue to support that activity.

Mayor Burt: On Page 7, there's a question that the Finance Committee
asked. They requested an estimate of the impact of fee increases on
residential and nonresidential development. On the following page, I took
that to mean, for instance on residential development, it would be a
question of how much would a homeowner who went through an Individual
Review (IR) review process bear an additional cost. What we got was
essentially what appears to be an aggregate income to the City from these
additional fees and not any explanation as to the cost to a homeowner.

Ms. Nikzat: Thank you, Mayor Burt. We took a look at that. In looking at—
as you recall, in those fees, since we're looking specifically at IR fees, I think
                                                                           Page 15 of 72
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 3/28/16
