                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I won't make that as a separate Motion. I'm just
going to say I think that we're moving in the right direction here. We're
talking about ramping down the number of employees parking on the street
over time, talking about getting a handle on the daily passes and what the
implications of that are. We're making sure that each block can decide do
you want in, do you want out on a recurring basis. It's not just one time
and you're done. Kind of reminds me of what we were potentially facing on
the medical marijuana earlier, is there going to be a deadline that you have
to meet and then you're in or you're out forever. I think that that flexibility
ongoing is going to be important for the neighborhood. I think that's going
to be important for the residents to have flexibility.        Those are my
comments.

Council Member Schmid:      Council Member Filseth, do you have your light
on?

Council Member Filseth: I want to make sure I understand, and I think I do,
what's being proposed here with the no employee decals outside the Phase 1
area. If I understand that right, if I look at Zone 10 here which is an
expansion area, Seneca Street is yellow which it's indicated they want to opt
in. Addison Avenue is not, so they haven't indicated they want to opt in.
What we're saying is we would sell employee permits on Seneca Street but
not Addison Avenue?

Council Member DuBois: It's free, there's no ... Right.

Council Member Filseth: Will employees be able to park on Addison Avenue?

Council Member DuBois: If they're not in the district, it's unlimited parking.

Council Member Wolbach: It's just wide open.

Council Member Filseth: They're in the district, Number 10.

Council Member DuBois: If they haven't opted in ...

Council Member Filseth:     They haven't opted in, so is it still unlimited
parking there?

Council Member DuBois: I believe so.

Mr. Mello: As the Motion is currently structured, once the resolution is
passed, Seneca Street would have signage that designated it as part of the
RPP Program, but there would be no employee permits sold for Zone 10.


                                                                       Page 110 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
