                          TRANSCRIPT
question. I want to say thank you very much to the work of the Commission
and Staff and the members of the community who have participated in this.
It's really something that's going to accrue to the benefit of everyone.
Thank you.

Mr. de Geus: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: That concludes our Study Session. Our next item is ...

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Rob, can you just remind us when this would return?

Mr. de Geus: We hope to be back with a draft Plan by the end of the
calendar year, likely in December.

Mayor Burt: Thanks.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: We have Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. One thing
is that we now have Item Number 5 will precede Item 4. Just so everybody
knows, that's the animal shelter discussion will precede the Residential
Permit Parking. The animal shelter discussion was tentatively scheduled
shortly, and then the Residential Preferential Parking District (RPP) at around
8:30 P.M. or so, depending on how long the animal shelter item takes.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item is City Manager Comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mayor Burt, Council Members.
Last Friday night marked not only the kickoff of the Stanford football season,
but it was also the debut of the City's brand new post-football traffic signal
timing plan along Embarcadero Road. The new signal timing ran between
8:00 P.M. and 10:00 P.M. and is aimed at increasing the through-put of
driving fans to U.S. 101 more efficiently when the game is over. The post-
game timing appeared to work well. We will know a little more when
Stanford students are back in session and the football crowd may be a little
bit larger. The timing plan will be used again at the next home game on
Saturday, September 17 and is part of the overall traffic signal coordination
that started earlier this summer, aimed at alleviating some weekday peak
traffic and school-specific time periods. Again, this is all part of the now
completely connected and integrated traffic timing system that the City has
and that marks us as one of the first, if not the first, cities in the United
States to have 100 percent of its traffic monitoring system both in the cloud
                                                                       Page 31 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
