                         TRANSCRIPT
were being used as a revenue source. I think a lot of the other issues
flowed from that. Some of the earnings of the private companies were tied
in with some of these decisions on whether to have too much of a hair
trigger on a rolling right versus what we really care about is people blowing
through a red, going straight. I think those were all legitimate issues, but
that doesn't mean that they don't have value when done correctly. I haven't
heard of significant problems with Menlo Park's utilization. I would support
looking at them in a carefully designed manner to make sure that they're not
intended to be speed traps but focused on egregious violators, which are
those that blast through red light signals and really endanger people. I think
that is one of the tools in the tool kit that we should be open to but doing
them right. That looks like it concludes our comments. Thank you all very
much. I think it's a Study Session, but there seems to be some consensus
on a number of directions.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, I'd like to thank the Council for their discussion but
also commend Josh and his team and Hillary's department. It's not an easy
topic. It was unfortunately misunderstood, I think, in some ways. Look
forward to the next step here. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Shall we start the meeting?

Mayor Burt: Now we get to—our meeting tonight was principally these two
Study Sessions. It's a little unusual that we're getting close to 9:00 P.M.
and ahead of schedule.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Looking for Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions, of which
I'm not aware of any.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We have an opportunity for City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you. I'm not going to try to get you
behind schedule. I'll rush through these. In preparation for another rainy
winter hopefully, the Public Works Department has once again opened up
sandbag stations at Mitchell and Rinconada Parks. Filled sandbags will be
available while supplies last. Empty bags and loose sand will be available
throughout the rainy season. A reminder that Palo Alto residents who pick
up sandbags are advised to only take ten filled bags per trip for safe driving
purposes if they're loading into a standard passenger vehicle. Public Works
                                                                         Page 51 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
