                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return to the Council for discussion and a
Motion. Who would like to go first? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess I just want to be clear about what the
pros and cons are about picking between Geng Road versus Rinconada.
Before I do that, actually I was going to ask if especially the comments from
the final speaker, if there's any response from Staff, if it's all right to ask
that. Basically, I was thinking the debate was between Rinconada and the
tennis courts and Geng Road. It sounds like there—at least the question has
been raised about maybe just sticking with Fire Station 1 as a consolidation
location throughout the day or splitting it between Station 1 and Station 4. I
hadn't really thought about that option prior to that last comment. I know
it's just been brought up, but are there any thoughts?

Mr. Nickel: Mayor, do you want me to answer?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Mr. Nickel: Two things. One, Mr. Borock hit the nail on the head. We do
not have sufficient sleeping space at Station 1. We could temporarily
relocate a sleeping trailer in there. Having everybody co-located at Station
1 for 24 hours a day was the one model that was slightly above the eight
minutes 90 percent of the time. All the other models were below eight
minutes 90 percent of the time.

Council Member Wolbach: Did you by any chance look at a model that was
half at Station 1 and then switching over to Station 4 in the evening as
opposed to switching all the way to Geng Road?

Mr. Nickel: Again, I would go—Station 4 is even more challenged in terms of
the site and the sleeping arrangements. It's a much smaller station. As the
IBRC noted, it's the next station to be rebuilt. That station could not house
effectively another three personnel.

Council Member Wolbach: That addresses that concern at least for me. I
appreciate that. Again, for me it does come back to the question of really
trying to identify what are the pros and cons each of Geng Road/Station 1,
where it's half at station during the day and then at Geng Road in the
evening, versus using the tennis courts, which I think is the strong other
alternative that was not the Staff recommendation but seems to be indicated
by Staff to be the runner up. From an operational standpoint is preferable
during its operations, that it would provide better responses, it's better
located, you don't have to deal with the traffic over 101, you don't have to
deal with the traffic coming out of Downtown. I've done a ride-along with
Station 1 crew and know that it can be sometimes tough to get out. We do
                                                                       Page 39 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
