                          TRANSCRIPT
this—"give us a good deal in negotiating the lease. They were charging way
too much money, and we can't afford to stay here, so we have to go." While
the owners of the property are saying that they are in a bad situation,
they've created the situation for themselves. I think they have to find a way
to make this work. This Ordinance is put in place just for these kind of
situations. Property owners want to increase the lease—I'm a landlord. I
know how that goes. You really adjust your lease price based on the
market. In fact, they went too high on the lease price. Now, they're paying
the piper for that. Once again, I encourage you to deny these applications
and keep the backbone in this ordinance. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Loren Brown, to be followed by
Kristina Lawson.

Loren Brown: Hi. Good evening, Council. I'm Loren Brown, 334 Kingsley
Avenue, Palo Alto. I'm speaking tonight in regards to the 3241 Park
Boulevard building. My company is Vance Brown. We're commercial general
contractors. We've been located in Palo Alto since 1932. We've constructed
many, many, many projects in Palo Alto, Stanford, Menlo Park, Mountain
View over the years. We're a business with local customers and a genuine
need to be located near where we build our projects. We're currently
located at 3197 Park Boulevard, which is immediately next door to 3241
Park. We've been in the Park Boulevard area since 1950. We were
approached to buy the building at 3241 Park after Park Avenue Motors gave
notice that they were closing their business. Park Avenue Motors is owned
by a parent company, Auto Nation, which is associated with the Mercedes
dealership that is planning to go in at Ming's. We didn't evict anybody from
that building. They were leaving on their own to go off to Ming's and change
that use from restaurant to automotive. The location at 3241 is perfect for
us to expand. We don't expand very often. We had 2,500 feet in 1960. We
grew to 5,000 feet by 1995. Between '95 and now, we've had 10,000 feet.
We are a growing business. At some point we need to have a little bit more
space. It's so hard to find real estate around. It's a perfect location for us.
There's a power station at one side, railroad tracks on the other side, the
creek and our building on the third side, and Park Boulevard on the fourth
side. We're competing with national law firms and national tech firms for
space in Palo Alto, and it's very tough for us to find space that we can
afford. One way to do it is to own our own destiny by buying the property.
I've drafted a letter and issued it to the clerk. It addresses the reasons that
we believe that the automotive services use at 3241 was never approved. I
hope you'll read that letter. One last thing is that the Zoning Ordinance
should not unfairly discriminate against a particular parcel of land. For the
past 65 years, the M2 zoning and the GM zoning that applied at 3241 have
effectively purged all retail uses out of that area. As a result, there's no
                                                                       Page 66 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
