                          TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto any cheaper, we can at least do our part to keep the region from
becoming more expensive. Yes, we do need to provide some market rate
housing, and we also need more Below Market Rate (BMR) housing, lots of
BMR housing, really as much as we can get. Recognizing of course that the
economics of BMR housing is extremely challenging as are the politics as we
know all too well. We also, I think, need to explore—back to that third leg of
the stool—policies that reduce the chances of displacement for current,
existing renters especially. The political reality is that Palo Alto's really
unlikely to approve more housing than our Regional Housing Needs
Assessment (RHNA) obligations. I accept that; I understand that. At least
we can make sure that we actually produce more of that, rather than zoning
for it, planning for it, and building any of it. I do think that we should move
towards Scenario 4's housing production as a real target, the housing, not
the jobs side. I think we should set that Scenario 4 housing as a target that
we'll really try and meet. Housing growth beyond that. If we do consider
anything beyond that, it should be conditional based on meeting certain
impact targets like infrastructure, traffic and parking. There was something
mentioned—I think it was by Arthur Keller earlier—that we should provide
the appropriate amount of parking for a site. I think that's really important.
What's appropriate might change depending on what kind of housing we're
providing. When we talking about micro units or higher-density units within
the same FAR and height limits that we already have, but maybe removing
or raising the maximum densities of units.            Maybe even also adding
minimum densities with the goal of it being car-lite or car free. There are a
couple of things that I think we're going to need to eventually give City
Attorney Staff direction to go explore or Planning Staff. Those are, one,
could we have buildings in which residents are not eligible for Residential
Parking Permit (RPP) permits. If you build, say, a micro apartment building
in a Downtown area with very little parking, could you have it as a condition
of approval that nobody who leases an apartment in that building is going to
be eligible when they come to the City or go on our website and ask for an
RPP permit. Second, this would be the next step beyond that and potentially
more complex to enforce, but I'd like to at least know if it's an option. Could
we have buildings in which residents are required to sign a lease agreement
committing to not own a car at all? If they do register a car with the
Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV), they're in violation of their lease
agreement. Not sure we want to go down that path, but that's the kind of
thing where I want to at least know what are our options. When people say
micro units without parking sounds like a nice unicorn idea, I want us to be
able to say we're actually going to enforce the lack of cars and the lack of
parking. Getting onto some more specifics. I think we should think about
whether we want another Channing House or something like that. Whether
we want another Opportunity Center or something like that. Whether we
want housing for the developmentally disabled and extremely low income
                                                                        Page 85 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
