                          TRANSCRIPT
There's the same thing with the programs and the Children's Theatre. When
I heard about the entrance fee, I had to think about that a bit. I realized
that just in that area, we've always charged for the pools and the children's
pool. The fees that we charge there are not nominal, but they certainly
haven't seemed to diminish participation including by surrounding
communities. The same thing with Children's Theatre. We've increased fees
in the Children's Theatre, and our audience participation is really quite high.
I think if the fee structure and the annual passes are done not thinking of
a—I appreciate that it's not anywhere near a full cost recovery. It's fair that
there be some fee that is charged. It means I'll have to get the pass,
otherwise I won't be able to just drop in as often. I would like to add that I
really do concur that—especially a zoo, I think of as parkland. Whether
there has to be fencing for animals that is not transparent to the outside,
that really doesn't change that sense for me. We have structures on
parklands, and we should simply go through our process to make sure that
these structures are as thoughtful and well-designed and appropriate for
that parkland as possible. I certainly see it as parkland. Finally, I just want
to share a personal anecdote on how this type of museum and zoo is
different from the Exploratorium and the San Jose one and a lot of these
incredible—and the San Francisco Zoo, which are great assets. When I was
five years old, I first went to the Zoo. I know that, because I remember it to
this day. The animals at that point were much larger than they are today.
These giant ducks and all these reptiles that were this big. Aside from that,
that sort of impression—I lived at the time in Sunnyvale. Memories of these
assets were what made my wife and say, "If there's any way possible, we
want to work to be able to buy a home in Palo Alto and raise our children
here." This is really a unique asset. What's different is that is a Museum
and Zoo on a child's scale. They don't feel overwhelmed. We as adults may
go there and say, "I've been to the San Francisco Zoo. What's so great
about this?" For a child, this is their experience. It's really something that,
frankly, other museums and zoos should come to understand more. I see
John shaking his head, who has been at one of the great zoos certainly of
the West. They each have their respective roles, but this is quite special. I
just want to commend that and, again, really thank the Board and the
donors who are stepping up to the plate and making this happen. Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for that. I just really want to echo the
Mayor. This is really a fantastic project. It's really exciting. I can't wait to
go to the opening. It's kind of our job to ask probing questions, so I hope
that wasn't taken in a negative way. This is a very exciting project. I've
been to the current Museum many times with my kids and really do
appreciate the small scale and intimacy of the Museum. Thank you for
bringing this to us.
                                                                          Page 25 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
