                          TRANSCRIPT
is demolition of Downtown, you could say, historic structure with or without
permit or violation. Aren't they the same thing?

Mr. Yang: We have separate sections in the Municipal Code dealing with—
060 deals with significant buildings in the Downtown as opposed to 090,
which is more general and also, I believe, speaks to alternative enforcement
mechanisms.

Council Member Holman: What I'm suggesting is that we use the language
"historic structure" because "significant building" is less inclusive. If we look
at the language that's in the Comprehensive Plan, it's very supportive of
preservation efforts.    I would suggest deleting 090 and making 060
demolition of a Downtown historic structure.

Mr. Yang: These penalties all track to specific provisions of the Municipal
Code. They use the language of that Municipal Code section.

Council Member Holman: Yeah. I'm looking at it. If you look at "E," it says
"historic structures or sites." It means any structure or site within the City
that has an identified blah, blah, blah, blah. It includes Categories 1, 2, 3
and structures within a Historic District. That's more inclusive. It's language
in the Code, so could we not just use it? To be clear here again. 060 would
change to demolition of a historic structure Downtown without or in violation
of a permit.

Mayor Burt: Including or excluding the word "significant"?

Council Member Holman: Don't need the word "significant." "Significant" is
a different definition.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Holman, we're looking at the Code sections.
There are two different sections that are cited here, 060 and 080. One
refers to significant buildings, and the other refers to historic buildings. The
Penalty Schedule is structured so that a violation of those particular sections
would convey this fee, which is identical, of $2,000. I know it's a little
repetitive, but it's just because of the way the Code is structured.

Council Member Holman: Right. The Code says—"E" is historic structures
and sites. "F" is significant building. What I'm saying is "E" is more
inclusive and clearer, I would say.

Mr. Keene: Isn't the way this is proposed providing for the application of the
same fee in two different circumstances or potentially circumstances?



                                                                          Page 31 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
