                         TRANSCRIPT
the last three years I almost always ride my bike. I get there faster, and I
park actually right at my stairs instead of in the parking lot. It's better. I
have neighbors in offices who live a mile away and drive their car every day.
When we talk about this issue of residents versus commuters, in some cases
we are talking about commuters that come from elsewhere. In other cases,
we're talking about residents who are commuters. Many of them don't need
to be car commuters to Cal. Ave. Other than the Paly students, those are
the other behavior changes that we may see some positive ones in the
nearer term.       In the Downtown area, we have the start of this
Transportation Management Agency which is underfunded. We've identified
how we can reduce the car trips. Remember solving the parking problem
also basically solves a lot of the traffic problem at the same time. We get
two wins out of this. There are real benefits to the community of having
Residential Permit Parking; both the quality of life benefits for the
neighborhood and the traffic. Driving the parking out of the neighborhood
won't in itself in any way address the traffic problem unless those people
take other means to get to their work. The shared permit, I don't think my
colleagues have really thought this through very well. If you have shared
permits, it doesn't create any new parking spaces in the Downtown. It
doesn't in and of itself utilize those parking spaces more. What Staff now
does is if they believe that they have capacity for permit parking, they sell
more permits. If we share permits, it will simply mean less revenue for the
same utilization of those spaces. Right now Staff says, "We've got some
spaces. We'll sell more permits." That employer has now, instead of one
employee with a permit, they have two. They each paid for a permit. If we
share, they only pay for one combined. That's the impact. There's no
increase in parking by sharing permits. What it can do is if we want to do
something like we've done Downtown is figure out a way to make it more
affordable for low-income workers. That's a different argument. That's not
the same thing as kidding ourselves that sharing permits is somehow going
to in any way improve our problem. It just means less income from selling
permits. We have set up this process. I want to talk briefly kind of at a high
level. Over the last several years, this problem has gotten worse and worse
in these neighborhoods, I'd say especially in Evergreen but also in
Southgate. A few years ago it was a moderate problem. Third years ago I
remember all the issues around the overflow from the gym on Park and El
Camino. This is clearly far and away the worse it's ever been in that
neighborhood for parking. It's not the worst it's ever been in traffic, this
notion that we also have a severe traffic problem because of this. We have
people who go there to park, and those are some car trips. We no longer
have cut through traffic for the most part in Evergreen. We haven't now for
30 years. That problem's pretty solved. Evergreen has pretty low traffic
problems. This whole notion that somehow these people who come here to
park, these workers principally who are working in Cal. Ave. are criminals, I
                                                                      Page 101 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
