                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: If it comes out in three weeks, is there a reason that it wouldn't
be able to be late February?

Ms. Gitelman: It could be in late February if you think everyone would have
had an opportunity to delve through the document.

Mayor Burt: Maybe that's the right time and place to—at that time you'll
have had an opportunity to think more about this fifth scenario. Right?
We'll perhaps have some opportunity at the Retreat to give a little more
discussion about it. How does that seem to people?

Vice Mayor Scharff: It seems reasonable to me.

Mr. Dennis: Mayor Burt, one additional element is that we have scheduled
on February 22nd the joint meeting with the CAC on housing issues, whether
or not that would be per Council direction disrupted by this. A lot of work
has gone into it, but it hasn't been completed yet. If we need to focus on
that Item that we're discussing tonight.

Mayor Burt: Or if, depending on that, how clear we could make that Agenda
or special meeting whether we put the two things in one meeting and it's a
Comp. Plan meeting. Maybe that's an alternative. Maybe it's a separate
meeting that's just devoted to these two aspects. We're back to a question
of can "B"—are there any changes to "B" to respond to what we've heard
from Staff and what might be a way to go forward?

Council Member Holman: The one thing that I would think would be
important to add to "B" was on my list, and one of the members of the CAC
mentioned it too, which was that the last bullet under Scenario 2, which sort
of seems like a false choice, no new transit or transportation initiatives
except County expressway Plan. It seems like that should also be added to
this alternative.

Mayor Burt: Now we're getting into specifics of the alternative versus the
concept at a higher level.      I think that's going to open up a longer
conversation tonight, because we'll have various people with various notions
the more granular we get. I'm really looking for a modification to this that
would give us some—be less prescriptive tonight on how we would move
forward on that Fifth Scenario. Council Member Berman's been waiting.

Council Member Berman:          I was hoping you'd take a crack at an
Amendment. I'll take a crack at an Amendment to "B." Let me know if I
don't articulate what you just kind of encapsulated a second ago. Direct
Staff to return to Council with the DEIR—is that what we're saying?—as well

                                                                            Page 98 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
