                         TRANSCRIPT
ago, that's currently in the news again. That's about bicycle safety. As you
know, last week we had the death of a bicyclist on Greenwood Drive. It was
actually the most viewed story on Palo Alto Online, and also Dave Price
talked about it today in the Palo Alto news. We just need to do something
about this. I think the foremost role of the City government is to protect the
safety of its citizens. Yet, we see and I'm sure all of you that drive in the
City or even ride your bicycles in the City see what's going on with all the
bicyclists. Now that we have school back in session and also that darkness
is going to be coming earlier and earlier, we need to enforce some of these
bicycle rules. My hope is that the City Manager in conjunction with Chief
Burns and also Superintendant McGee at PAUSD can work together to work
out some kind of plan to make these streets safe for not only the bicyclists
but also for the drivers. You can read tons of stories online about how close
bicyclists have come to getting hit by a car and vice versa. I know one of
the biggest problems today is staffing. We have an undermanned police
force and, as a result, some things have had to be cut back. Our traffic
team, which we used to have at the schools, is no longer functioning. We're
also having a shortage of police officers. I know I've talked to Chief Burns
about this. This is not a problem just unique to Palo Alto. I don't know if
you saw today's news. The City of San Jose may declare a state of
emergency because they have a shortage of police officers as well. I don't
know what you need to do, but I think you need to look at safety, the bicycle
safety. I was thinking maybe you should have some checkpoints just like we
have automobile checkpoints, maybe on Bryant. We could have some
officers every once in a while check pointing to see if the bicyclists are
having their lights and have all their safety equipment. Also I would think
that maybe you can take some of that Track Watch monies that you
allocated, almost $1 million, for those security guards. I think you need to
do something before there's another tragedy in Palo Alto. Thank you for
your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rita Vrhel, to be followed by
our final speaker, Mark Mollineaux.

Rita Vrhel: Thank you. There was lots of news in the paper this week about
the mega mansion over on Newell and Embarcadero with 11 bedrooms and
13 bathrooms and a single-car garage. There was also this really excellent
article in the paper regarding the housing shortage and the prices of single-
family homes increasing and the candidates for the City Council race. I
think this brings us back to again housing and traffic and how is this all
going to be solved. I think there's a couple of things that concerned citizens
might agree on. One is that the practice of putting in mega basements, like
at 736 Garland, have in my opinion contributed to the phenomenal increase
in the house costs for single-family residents. If you put in a 3,500-square-
                                                                         Page 9 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
