                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: To me that meant that no, they wouldn't be protected.
You're saying we may do an overarching Citywide Ordinance. That seems a
little counterintuitive to me. If we're focused on, say, Cal. Ave. and we then
focused on Downtown, we would then have an overarching Ordinance. It
seemed easier that those places would be exempted from that Ordinance,
because we'd looked at these areas specifically.

Mr. Lait: I was tracking you up to that last sentence. You're right. If we're
looking at 100 Addison, that's within the SOFA II boundary. We should be
looking at that. We should be talking about that tonight and that broader
concept of if there's retail there today, let's protect it. We could talk about
the limited waivers later. The Citywide Ordinance that I was referencing
would be the areas outside of this boundary.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I was getting at. I would think they would
be outside of this boundary and outside of the Cal. Avenue boundary,
because we've done Cal. Ave.

Mr. Lait: There will be overlap, I would think, because we've talked about
the retail definition.    There's going to be some overlap.        What we're
particularly interested in tonight is what's going on within this boundary. If
there's other areas that should be yellow—again there's a few that were
identified here to spur conversation—we're happy to chase that down based
on Council's direction.

Vice Mayor Scharff: As Council, we also created a new node of retail when
we did the SurveyMonkey building. We did that through the Planned
Community (PC) process. Now there is a node of retail there. There's the
Coupa Café and there's the ice cream store. There was no retail there
before. That retail seems fairly successful. The question I have is should we
be—because it's a PC and that's part of the conditions of the PC, we should
probably—it's nice to know that there's retail there when we discuss that
there's retail, because it allows us to look at it all. We don't need to
specifically designate that because there's also PC Conditions. The world
changes. Can you designate it as a retail overlay if for some reason PC
conditions changed or something? Is it just something we shouldn't worry
about?

Mr. Lait: For PC-zoned property, the PC zoning language, that Ordinance
language, will prevail. We could look at the intersection of how we might
modify the GF boundaries and how that relates to the PC zoning. Let me
take that as some homework to follow up on.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to understand the intersection. Thanks a
lot.
                                                                       Page 65 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
