                          TRANSCRIPT
This is about the accessibility for walking, biking, fiscal accessibility, program
costs. Being mindful that many people are very fortunate in the community,
but things like gym memberships are so expensive that the City may have a
role in making sure there's access. The next two are about both doing more
of the programming that's working really well, that people love and
appreciate, but also continuing to keep looking at trends and new types of
programming. Lastly but not least is expanding the system. People talked
about their desire to be able to expand the system.                We see some
opportunities for potentially doing so or looking at different models, and we
talked about that with all of you. Models like California Avenue, parklets,
things like that as well as parkland extension. Finally, managing the system.
That's maybe more internally focused, but it's pretty important for Staff and
for you as Council that we'll see some action there. Where that leaves us
today, Ellie had mentioned the community prioritization challenge and the
upcoming workshop. That's structured around these areas of focus. I think
some of you have probably done the prioritization challenge. As of Friday,
we had 574 responses and almost as many partial responses, but we don't
know how complete those are. People have responded to it really well, but
we are asking them to vote with dollars, looking at different areas of focus
and also different park elements. We haven't yet started to analyze that
because we haven't closed it yet. The response has been really good, and
we're very interested to see what the community prioritizes there. How
that's all starting to wrap up is we had the community input; it led to the
data and opportunities matrix. Out of that, we articulated the Master Plan
principles, the areas of focus. Now, we're in the process of developing a
master list of potential project and program ideas. Those have been vetted,
but they are continuing to be vetted with the PARC, and then they'll be
prioritized using the prioritization criteria, and then we'll finally get to a
refined list which will then become part of the plan.

Mr. de Geus: That essentially concludes the Staff presentation. I'll just add
that it's an interesting time. We're always in some type of planning process,
it seems like. Right now, there's a number of planning efforts that are
converging and supporting one another. The Comprehensive Plan, it has
been very helpful to be going through the Community Services Element with
Hillary and Jeremy and the Staff. I've worked with their subcommittee, the
Citizen Advisory Committee (CAC), and see the overlap of that planning
process and the parks planning process which has been terrific.            The
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan, of course, also has a lot of crossover
and working with Gil. We also have the Public Art Master Plan that's also
happening right now. We've been talking with Elise and Rhy Halpern about
how to innovate arts into our parks and recreation facilities and programs a
little more. That's been really great. Our next step at this point is, as
Lauren said, to move to develop a list of programs and projects and policies
                                                                          Page 96 of 113
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/25/16
