                          TRANSCRIPT
enforcement. I filed some Code Enforcement complaints. Some of them
simple, and some of them long-term and pretty complex regarding ground-
floor retail protection Zoning Code violations in the Ventura/Barron Park
neighborhoods. I'm really glad to speak tonight in support of the audit of
Code enforcement. I think there's much of it that works well. I think other
parts of it don't work well. The part that I don't know and that I don't think
anyone fully knows is the parts that don't work well, why they are not
working well. There, hence, comes the need for an audit. I'm very happy to
see that it is on the Auditor's schedule. I am glad that you all will, of course,
support that. We need Code Enforcement right now to be highly functional.
It's going to need to be more functional in the future if, in fact, we should
actually approve greatly under-parked projects.         If we, in fact, would
sometime build more Accessory Dwelling Units (ADUs), we need to ensure
that those will be used for housing and not offices or for some other uses. If
Airbnb becomes more of a feature in this town, we need to ensure that it's
used for housing and not for any number of other things. We need to be in
control of that. We need a good, functioning Code Enforcement. Right now,
we know that renters are being harmed as offices take over residential
spaces. There's a lot of that happening in the Downtown areas, but really all
areas around town. Housing taken off market. We know that legitimate
retail use is being harmed by illegal uses with paper blinds, mirrored
windows obscuring what is within. We need a vital Code enforcement for all
of these things. Of course, Code Enforcement can't know all of those things.
They can't be on top of all of those things. That's why they need residents
to file complaints. The 311 intake app doesn't work well in many ways. It
discourages residents from making complaints. It might be good for Staff,
but it sure doesn't always work for filing a good complaint. Communications
are a problem. Follow-up is sometimes a problem. The reluctance to use
fines for intentional recidivism is a real problem. I think there are a lot of
areas for Code Enforcement to improve, even though sometimes they do a
good job. I'm looking forward to the audit happening. I look forward to a
better functioning Code enforcement. I applaud them when they function
well. Thank you. I look forward to a Study Session by City Council on Code
Enforcement soon.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jessica Lynam, welcome.

Jessica Lynam, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 10: Hello, again,
Mayors and members of the Council. Jessica Lynam on behalf of the Palo
Alto members of the California Restaurant Association. Half of the public
comment during the first reading of the Minimum Wage Ordinance was—
we're all local restaurateurs sharing the real consequences of a higher
minimum wage within this local restaurant community. While it's very
upsetting that this testimony has fallen on deaf ears, I am again here on
                                                                         Page 25 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
