                          TRANSCRIPT
interview all people if we chose to go that route. I also think there's a
difference between voting on the Planning and Transportation Committees
and the other one. I know, for instance, I'd probably like to definitely
interview all the people for the Historic Resources Board (HRB) and the
Parks and Recreation, because there's not that many. I guess after we hear
from the public I'd like to make a Motion that we at least interview all those
people.

Mayor Burt: We have one speaker, Rebecca Eisenberg. Welcome.

Rebecca Eisenberg: Hi. I'm not really speaking. I'm just saying I'm one of
those 16 people who applied to be on the Planning and Transportation
Committee. Because I don't know any of you personally, I just wanted to go
up here to say I think I could really be an asset, and I hope you'll consider
interviewing me. That's all. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now, let's return. If someone wants to propose—
Council Member Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll just move that we interview all applicants for the
HRB and the Parks and Rec Commission.

Mayor Burt: We also have the Storm Drain, right?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do we? I haven't seen the Staff Report.

Mayor Burt: I didn't see applicants.     Where do we stand on that?            The
Storm Drain Oversight.

Ms. Minor: The Storm Drain Oversight, we've made the decision not to
interview. This Committee will be disbanded in the spring of 2017. If the
new Storm Management Fee is approved, a new committee will be formed.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
interview all applicants for the Historic Resources Board and the Parks and
Recreation Commission.

Mayor Burt: Who seconded? I'm sorry.

Council Member Kniss: I did.

Council Member DuBois: Council Member Kniss.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.
                                                                       Page 42 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
