                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. de Geus: That's a tough question about what kind of growth we'll
experience in terms of populations and even how many people work in Palo
Alto as we're struggling with the Comprehensive Plan and the different
scenarios that are being considered at a City level. I think you're right we
ought to be on the same page and hopefully have similar projections. My
recommendation would be to get the best thinkers on the City side on that
topic and the same on the School District side and make sure they're talking
and understanding if there are different perspectives on projections, why,
what's causing those differences.      Some of those conversations are
happening, but perhaps they could happen more deeply. We can look into
that.

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager/Chief Financial Officer: Council Member
Schmid, I think it's not on the agenda. The other area that is also on our
radar is Ventura. We want to encompass the two sites in our discussions.

Council Member Schmid: I guess that's my question. I'll make comments
later.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think you said you got 28 applications, and
you're trying to work with 17. Can you tell us a little bit about the other
nine, like who applied and was not accepted?

Mr. de Geus: We had a panel—Hamid is just reminding me that two of them
dropped out after the RFP closed and we went through our evaluation
process. As we looked at the different groups, we looked at how many Palo
Alto residents would be impacted or served. We looked at those types of
things and what they need for their space. There was a couple of groups
that needed major renovations for it to work for them, additional bathrooms
to be built and that type of thing. There was a number of preschool or
childcare-type programs—I think three—that would have been interested. It
was a very interesting proposal. In fact, the long-term future of Cubberley
may in fact be able to serve more preschool and childcare programs. That
wasn't something that could work here. We had a couple of groups like the
Friends of the Palo Alto Library wanting additional space. They already have
a lot of space there but weren't able to pay any rent. I think there was only
one group that wanted the whole lot, the 39,000 square feet. It was some
type of public television group, I think. Minority Television Project was their
name.     Just on balance of being able to have a number of different
organizations providing a variety of services, we felt, was a better benefit for
the residents and (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: Nobody that's there today is being forced to leave?
                                                                         Page 15 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
