                         TRANSCRIPT
an interim reduction target of 10 percent off that with an ultimate 20
percent reduction. Here's a graph of where we are. Certainly the drought
and resulting conservation is making it very easy to meet the 20 by 2020
reduction requirements. Another requirement in the Plan is to identify the
reliability of our water supply. San Francisco Public Utilities Commission
generates these numbers for all of the wholesale agencies including Palo
Alto, who we receive our water from, from the San Francisco Public Utilities
Commission (SFPUC). You can see using a baseline year of 2013, that three
years of drought ignoring any State mandated reductions that may or may
not come about. San Francisco anticipates that they would need a 10
percent reduction in the second and third years of three dry years in a row.
The Water Shortage Contingency Plan has also been updated as part of the
Urban Water Management Plan. Currently in the Municipal Code, there are
four permanent water restrictions including no flooding or runoff, shut-off
valve required when washing vehicles, etc., non-potable water for
construction, should not be used if other water sources are available, and
leaks must be repaired as soon as possible. Staff is proposing to add four
additional permanent water use restrictions including no landscape irrigation
between 10:00 and 6:00, potable water in fountains must be recirculating.
We are not aware that there are any fountains in Palo Alto that are not
already recirculating. Potable water for street sweepers needs to be used if
available, and commercial car washes must use recycled water systems if
economically feasible. Again, all of the commercial car washes in Palo Alto
are already recirculating their water. I would just add that the State is
considering some more permanent water use restrictions that are not
included in this list. They'll be voting on those on Wednesday. A lot of what
we are proposing overlap with what the State is proposing. What's on the
table right now in addition to what you see is application of potable water to
driveways and sidewalks prohibited unless there is an immediate health and
safety issue. No irrigation within 48 hours of a measurable rainfall. No
application of potable water to turf on public medians. Those are all
measures that we actually did implement last summer during the drought
but have not included as permanent restrictions. Depending on how the
State votes on Wednesday, we'll have to reconcile those two lists of
permanent restrictions and may need to come back to you.                     A
recommendation from Staff and from the Utilities Advisory Commission
(UAC), who heard this item at their last meeting, is to adopt the resolution
that adopts the 2015 Urban Water Management Plan and the ordinance that
will expand the permanent water use restrictions. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Do I open the public hearing at this time or after
Council Member comments? At this time I will open the public hearing. If
we have any questions from the Council, we can ask them at this time.

                                                                       Page 36 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
