                         TRANSCRIPT
family just move?" My response to them is why would we. You see, Palo
Alto is my family's home; both my husband and I were born and raised here.
I attended Nixon; he went to Palo Verde. We attended JLS together. He
went to Paly; I went to Gunn. Our children now attend Palo Verde and JLS.
This is where both our parents still live. My three siblings and their families
live here. My cousins and their families live here. Most dear to my heart,
my 100-year-old grandmother lives here. We stay because we value our
family, friends and community. We all support and take care of one
another. That's something that is priceless to us. Although we make a
strong income for almost any other place in the country, we have been on
the BMR list for almost five years and have barely moved up. If my family
struggles to afford to put food on the table and buy clothes for our children,
what about the families that are less fortunate than us? For families like
mine and others, it's just near impossible to exist here. Palo Alto is pushing
out an important group of people who created this vibrant community and
continue to do it to this day; the teachers, hospital workers, childcare
providers, law enforcement, firefighters. The City is sending us a message
that says it does not value what we do for the community.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Elizabeth Snyder to be followed by Cheryl
Lilienstein.

Elizabeth Snyder: Hi. Thank you, thank you. I'm Beth. I'm operating
under the assumption that we're all talking about the ratio of a concept of
people like all of us living directly in Palo Alto and working directly in Palo
Alto and how adjusting that ratio impacts really everything. I'm happy we're
talking about this. Thank you. I love Palo Alto, and I couldn't think of
another group of people, a better group of people or leaders who could care
and actually do care about this concept that I think we're talking about. I'm
only here to offer a principle that goes through my head every day as a
parent, just like Jessica. It's very simple; it's not my own. I think we
probably all feel it or know it intuitively. The principle is as follows. When
we take care of that, our Earth in general and our environment here in Palo
Alto, and we take of those who take care of us, for example, children's
teachers, mental health counselors, our families' medical workers, fire,
police, employees, administrative roles, service roles, childcare roles and
many more, when we fundamentally take care of that and those that take
care of us, we're taking care of us. That very principle addresses the
question we have here. It would appear that, number one discussion
question, should the Comp Plan include a goal about reducing the City's
ratio. It would make sense to me, and I'm sure there's people much
smarter than me who can look at this, that a ratio closer to 1:1 would give
the greatest choice to all of the folks who want to live here and want to work
here. It would appear to me that that would address really all the concerns,
                                                                         Page 32 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
