                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sven Thesen, to be followed
by David Page. Sven had to go. David Page to be followed by David Coale.

David Page: Hi, everyone. Thanks for listening to me tonight. I've been a
Palo Alto resident for over 20 years, and I've never come to one of your
meetings before. You've got some long meetings. It seemed like, just first
impression.

Mayor Burt: You lucked out on a short one.

Mr. Keene: We didn't actually stop last (inaudible).

Mr. Page: Anyhow, part of why I'm here is I noticed something in the
Weekly about the sustainability meeting yesterday. That really caught my
attention. I went to it, and I've got to say I was really impressed with the
plans. Kind of like the presentation you heard here tonight, thoughtful,
comprehensive. Part of the reason that I haven't come to any of your
meetings before now is I worked in City government for 25 years before I
retired. I'm a little skeptical about things getting done. I've seen lots of
good words and good plans, action taken to grab the low hanging fruit. I've
also seen lots of delays and obstacles. Anyhow, I'm here to advocate that
we set a stronger goal about climate change, a faster, more powerful goal.
We could, let's say, be the first Carbon Neutral City in the world. How about
that as a goal? How about we do that in five years? Not in '29, '39, 80 by
'90 or 20 by '30. How about just get it done right away? That's easy for me
to say. I'm not a City Council Member. I know you guys got to do the dirty
work, figure out all the details and who's going to do what and when.
Anyhow, just my two cents is I'm advocating you keep doing the good work
you've been doing and as much as we can get done. I appreciate that.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. David Coale to be followed by Walt Hays.

David Coale: Mayor and City Council and Staff, I want to thank you very
much for the Summit we had yesterday and for the very good speaker we
had just prior to this here. Professor Heck hit a lot of major points, and I
want to touch on a few of those. When you look at the places where we've
failed, the first one was free parking. None of the Council's comments hit
that when we were talking to Professor Heck. A 20 percent mode share shift
with just changing parking; that's huge. That's way more than that was
ever listed in the Climate Action Plan. This is not to be lightly dismissed.
This is an action tomorrow that can really move things ahead faster. The
next thing was the bike and pedestrian (ped.) We have a great bike and
ped. plan, and it's coming along, but we're not going to get our platinum
rating in the timeframe that we thought. We probably need to put more
                                                                      Page 61 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/25/16
