                         TRANSCRIPT
Our first speaker is Judy Kleinberg, to be followed by Tiffany Griego.
Welcome, Former Mayor Kleinberg.

Public Hearing opened at 8:56 P.M.

Judy Kleinberg: Thank you, Mayor and Council Members. Thank you for
letting us address the Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR).
Appreciate that. We have a lot of hope for the new EIR and for solving the
jobs/housing imbalance in town. We want to work collaboratively, as we've
said many, many times, with the City on solving all of the problems that
come with increased population and the vitality of the job market. We have
a few concerns. The conditional use permit, which I think you'll hear others
speak about tonight, we believe would have a negative impact on business
by preventing flexibility in uses and job growth and would slow down the
progress that makes Palo Alto so vital. The Conditional Use Permit (CUP)
would hinder the ability for a business to thrive in Palo Alto and damage how
business operates. You can't actually legislate how a business will operate
to have it really innovate and grow its product and its services. We believe
the City should really focus on impacts and mitigations, not limiting empty
density and job reductions. The CUP and density controls really would have
a chilling effect on small startups. We've heard over and over again that
you really favor this City as being a hotbed for startups. In fact, the CUP
would absolutely jeopardize them. The Chamber represents the ecosystem
of businesses in Palo Alto from very small to global enterprises.          By
hampering the startup environment, the vitality and vibrancy of the business
community will be dangerously jeopardized. Impeding job growth, limiting
square footage and controlling employee density would drastically change
the business and, we believe, is a misguided strategy for solving the
jobs/housing imbalance. It also could jeopardize tax revenues, and that's
part of the fiscal analysis that your consultants are doing. The smarter
alternative strategy is to mitigate impacts through Transportation Demand
Management (TDMs) and the Transportation Management Association (TMA)
program plus adopting policies and zoning that encourage and allow more
housing and reduce commute traffic, especially through trip reduction. The
Staff analysis shows that impacts from lowest density to highest is virtually
equal; that's in the first four scenarios. We note that 45 percent of the
residents are tenants who want or need permanent housing. The City's own
poll has shown that 76 percent of likely voters believe affordable housing is
the most severe challenge and that the City must address that unmet need.
We believe Scenario 6—we're looking forward to that analysis. It's too bad
public comment will end before that's analyzed. We believe Scenario 6 is
really worth very careful examination. We appreciate the fact that you've
added that scenario. Thank you.

                                                                          Page 58 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
