                          TRANSCRIPT
advisory panel to the Governor on policy and technical issues surrounding
the 911 system. That's all I have to report. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have six speaker
cards. If anyone has a card, would they bring it forward at this time? Each
speaker will have up to three minutes to speak. Our first speaker is Jerry
Belden, to be followed by Jennifer Landesmann. Welcome.

Jerry Belden: Hi. My name is Jerry Belden. I have not spoken to the Council
in about 25-30 years, but this is a topic that has gotten me excited, so I
thought I'd show up. I wanted to add my voice to the many voices you've
probably heard from in the last months about the airplane noise. I first
moved to Palo Alto in 1968, and I have lived most of the years since then
here. I've always felt this has been a very nice place to live. For the most
part, this has continued in spite of the increasing traffic and more and more
people. I still love it here. My wife says, "Maybe we should move to the
country." I say, "But I love it." However, the feeling is now being very
negatively impacted by the almost incessant, loud airplane noise. At certain
peak periods throughout the day, I see planes flying one after the other,
literally spaced out half a minute to a minute to a minute and a half, and
very low, almost directly over my house, by the way, in Midtown. The noise
is often quite annoying. Being outside during those times is not peaceful
and, indeed, is rather unpleasant. Carrying on conversations, listening to
music, etc., is constantly disrupted. Listening to birds chirping, forget it,
birds chirping and singing. Also at night on warmer days—I noticed this last
week I think—having windows open allows these very loud planes to disturb
peace and quiet. Quite frankly, I'm very dismayed by the lack of meaningful
action taken by our elected officials. I'm not sure who all I should be looking
at exactly, but I do believe that we all have some responsibility. I wish to
request that, while there is still some possibility of effecting some
meaningful change, you and our other elected officials represent us as
effectively as you possibly can and aggressively as you possibly can in
helping to reverse this situation and improve it. That's what I have. Thank
you very much for your time.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Our next speaker is Jennifer Landesmann.
Welcome.

Jennifer Landesmann: Good evening, Council. If it's okay, I would like to
acknowledge a lot of the families that are here today because of airplane
noise. I see a lot of wonderful families that you have probably heard of in
                                                                         Page 7 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
