                          TRANSCRIPT
actually only because I can barely see the screen. If you were to see right
now what is the most popular request, by far it's graffiti removal. Tree care
is next. If this is something that's interesting to anyone, it's made to be
intuitive to anyone. We simply click on that, and now—that's better for me
too and all of us. Now you can see the actual numbers of the different
areas; 114 reports of graffiti removal. The second one is 80 reports of
illegal dumping. It actually is really fascinating if you want to understand
the City of Palo Alto at all sorts of different dimensions. I'd recommend just
spending a bit of time in there.

Council Member Holman: Jonathan, could I point out one thing on this
page? It says this list was last updated on April 24, 2014. Is that correct?

Mr. Reichental: It's not correct. That's the kind of thing we have to keep on
top of. That's a manual update; I'll fix that. My hope is this is issues as of
earlier today. It's really very fascinating to peruse the entire site and see
what other insights that you find. What I wanted to do to move on—just to
summarize on that. You can do that for any one of these areas here. Down
here we have—which might be worth launching real quick—is the Open
Budget Platform. It visually looks very appealing. There's instructions to
sort of navigate your way around this. Very quickly, you can see just by
hovering over certain colors here and certain times, you can see totals of
budgeting and spent data. Every department is represented, and you can
drill very, very deep into this to find out on any one of the last five years
enormous detail about how the City spends money on different aspects of
our work. Finally, I wanted to just navigate you to Palo Alto 311 itself. This
is the City's homepage. Right up here under most popular is "submit a
request now."       Palo Alto 311, while we've been promoting it in this
conversation as an app., is also accessible via website too. We want to have
it accessible through the most amount of forums. There's a video here if
people want to learn more about it. All you have to do is click on the button
here called "make a service request." Again, hoping everything runs nice
here. You just follow the prompts here to log an issue. If you're registered,
which you can register, you'll get notification when the work begins on the
particular thing you're reporting. If you are interested in the apps., if you go
to the homepage, click on the Palo Alto 311. At the bottom here we provide
the links for the free download, which anyone can do anywhere, to download
the iPhone app. and the Android app. and use it on their devices
straightaway.

Council Member Holman: That's all very helpful. Thank you for the walk-
through.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

                                                                         Page 17 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
