                         TRANSCRIPT
this up now and call Uber or Lyft, and I'd get a ride home from here without
driving. I'm noticing more and more and more people are using that. I
think that comment, Amy, was so apt. If we could guess what was going to
happen in 2025, 2030, we could go home right now and just bet on the
futures. The last is to just comment on all of your dedication. Each one of
you has spoken. You've spoken thoughtfully. You've spoken insightfully. I
know that each one of you really cares about what's going to happen in Palo
Alto. I too wish that we had a magic wand and we could have more
housing, we could have the kind of housing we want. It's going to be
difficult. I think we can work towards some housing. As somebody has said,
you cannot house everyone as much as we might like to. Thank you all for
all of your comments tonight, for all of your work. The last Comp. Plan went
on for six years, by the way. Not intentionally, it just happened. I hope
none of you are thinking of leaving town soon. Thanks again.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: It's been a very special night, opportunity to get
together, exchange ideas. How do we create a decision? We're not trying to
make one tonight. Also, though, it's the first time Council has had a chance
to sit down with hard, quantitative data around key decision points, jobs and
housing. I'm upset that associated with that was the term that it's close to
final form, hard to change it at this point. I guess tonight we need to talk
about changes. Are there need for changes? Tonight we heard a lot about
traffic, housing, jobs. Citizens Survey just came out, shows that Palo Altans
are very concerned about traffic, about parking, about mobility, about
moving around, about changes in the quality of life, ask about priorities.
The Citizens Survey is a good way to think about priorities. How do we keep
a community that we have? Let me just make three points about the data.
Number one, Palo Alto is in a unique situation. It has three jobs for every
employed resident. Makes it a commute town. As a matter of fact, if you
look at all cities in the United States of over 50,000, Palo Alto is up there
near the top. The other names in there: Washington, D.C., Manhattan. We
are in a situation where the traffic comes from this 3:1 ratio. You look at
the four scenarios we're presented, and what do they say? Scenario 1 says
let's have a 4.7:1 ratio of the new coming. The Second Scenario, let's have
a 3.0. The Third Scenario says a 3.1. Fourth Scenario says 2.9. In other
words, each of the four Scenarios said let's keep doing what we're doing or
do it a little faster, a little more commute. Point number two, if you
translate those numbers into the annual nonresidential or commercial
growth in town, Scenario 1 says it will be 258,000 square feet per year;
Scenario 2, 165; Scenario 3, 213, Scenario 4, 258. All of these are at least
50 percent or higher than what we've been growing over the last 15 years,
about 110,000. These scenarios say let's grow faster. That's because
                                                                           Page 84 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
