                          TRANSCRIPT
water heater?" I know that is one of the things where the resource shows
that actually there's a payback. They said, "It happened too fast, and I
couldn't do that." There went that opportunity until the next time it goes
out.    It occurred to me that if that kind of conversation took place
preemptively, proactively in small groups, that might have been a different
outcome for those two. Those are two people who want to do the right
thing. I just thought it was interesting coincidence. Another thing—this is
all last week—I met with the cofounders of the Palo Alto Chinese Parents
Club who, I know, put on a fabulous event for Chinese New Year. Both said
to me how much people in their community want to connect in other
people's homes with activities that are somehow meaningful to each of
them. It might be cooking or sharing recipes, but it also might be doing
some of the kinds of things that I think this program involves. There was a
lot of desire on their part, but not a lot of sense of how to make that
happen. This seems like a perfect opportunity to do some of that knitting
together. An analogy that I think of when I—is digging up the pipes. Let's
only dig once. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. The next speakers is Herb Borock, to be followed
by our final speaker, Lorrie Castellano. One more, this will be our final
speaker.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members. You received letters from
Sheri Furman and Annette Glanckopf asking about what looks to me like a
compromise that you should do the program slightly differently. You just
heard from the proponents that the only way to do it is the whole thing. In
my opinion, you shouldn't do it at all as a pilot program. You should learn
from the pilot programs in the other communities. The Memorandum of
Understanding in one sentence sort of hints that the City will have a better
chance of getting a reward in terms of millions of dollars. The very next
sentence says no, that's not true, there's no guarantee. To me, the
program—this is just my opinion—looks like a political campaign organization
masquerading as a City-sponsored program. It takes the attitude that the
way to deal with reducing carbon footprint in Palo Alto is the individual
residents' actions and ignores the contribution to the carbon footprint of all
the concrete and steel in building buildings bigger than the current zoning
allows. It ignores all the extra people stuffed into office buildings, adding to
the carbon footprint in their traffic and wandering around the neighborhoods
trying to find a place to park. Some of the same people who are part of the
City committee on this are the same ones who are supporting that type of
development. Somehow what's being presented to you as what the good
program is, is going around to the individual residents and organizing them
in the neighborhoods since it's the residents that have to solve the carbon
problem when, for example, the overwhelming amount of our electricity
                                                                          Page 48 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
