                          TRANSCRIPT
contaminants that they looked at. There were two that they were just over
the public health goal. We actually have some really excellent water.

Council Member DuBois:      Actually, you're kind of getting to my next
question. On the coliform, do we test upstream from the City to know if it's
coming from outside the City or within our pipes?

Mr. Abendschein: It is a complicated topic. Sometimes it might be;
sometimes it might not. We do work with the SFPUC. We're coordinating
with them right now on some projects to do a little bit of upstream
measurement exactly like you're talking about.

Council Member DuBois: That's not done as a matter of course?

Mr. Abendschein: It is, but it can be a little more complicated than that.
We're trying to find if there are locations where the pipes are configured in a
way where the debris might stack up and there's not a sample port in that
location, then we have to work together to try and get a sample port in the
right location in order to do the right diagnostics. Sometimes it takes time,
but we're building a good working relationship with the SFPUC on those
types of things.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I have a question on the alternative actions. Other than a
Staff-run program, has there been any consideration of putting an RFP out
to, say, nonprofits who could then do this as a service? We've had Acterra
do green auditing of homes in a program. Checking for lead is not a real
exotic process. Rather than us think solely as a Staff-approach, is there an
alternative that we could outsource that and maybe even have it be cost
neutral?

Mr. Abendschein: I think that'd be a perfectly reasonable alternative to take
a look at. The only thing I'm talking about is the Staff time that it takes to
actually evaluate the alternative and do the Request for Proposals (RFP).
Over the long term, that might be a good option. It would likely still require
some funding, but it's always possible. If we had a good volunteer group or
somebody who was taking that on as a public service, we might be able to
minimize those.

Mayor Burt: This is actually a Public Hearing. I need to open the Public
Hearing, but I don't have any Speaker Cards. I'll now close the Public
Hearing.   We can now return to the Council for actions.          The Staff
recommendation is that the Council accept the Public Health Goals Report.

                                                                         Page 61 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
