                         TRANSCRIPT
funding to the $667,000 level which reflects a 2.5 percent cost of living
increase annually from Fiscal Year 2002 levels.” (New Part C)

Council Member Holman: The fourth bullet? The fourth bullet which was
refer to P&S regarding a low-income fee program, specifically with regards
to Community Services.

Vice Mayor Scharff:   I guess I don't understand that.   I don't understand
what that means.

Council Member Holman: We have some programs in Community Services
especially that there's no low-income safety hatch, I guess you could say.
There's no accommodation for low-income people or person to be able to
access programs in Community Services. They're all on the same platform
as I read them. An example that I would bring up and have brought up is
community gardens. There's no low-income accommodation.

Mayor Burt: We have certain programs that have low-income reductions in
the rate. This is to refer to P&S to explore low income.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would be fine if we look at all of the programs that
have low-income referral. We look at it all at once.

Mr. de Geus: Mayor Burt, if I could clarify something here?

Mayor Burt: Yeah, Rob.

Mr. de Geus: The fee reduction program is not based on the type of
program. It's based on the person you are. We have reduction for children,
and we have fee reduction for seniors, and we have fee reduction for people
that have a disability. We don't have fee reduction for the adult category.
For the community gardens, if you're an adult and you're not low income
and you're not disabled, you don't have the opportunity to get a fee
reduction. I think that's what Council Member Holman, if I could speak for
you, would like us to look at. A fee reduction option for adults.

Vice Mayor Scharff: For low-income adults?

Mr. de Geus: Nope, just—yeah, low-income adults. I'm sorry, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We don't have currently a low-income adults?

Mr. de Geus: That's right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

                                                                           Page 64 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
