                          TRANSCRIPT
veterans. I think that would be a great idea. We'll see whether we have
additional wrap-up comments from Council Members after hearing from
members of the public. We'd not quite done yet.

Council Member Berman: Can I answer one of your questions?

Mayor Burt: Sure, Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I was just doing some quick searching online. It
wasn't easy, but a Staff Report from The Opportunity Center from 2003 says
that Alma Place has a density of 264 units per acre, and the Floor Area Ratio
(FAR) at Alma Place is about 2.51 per acre. Assuming the Staff Report is
right, that's quite dense. It's, I guess, 250 feet per unit approximately.

Mayor Burt: At that 2.51 FAR, that's the—for reference, 800 High is a 2.3
FAR. The baseline in that area is a 2.0. It's not radically different from what
we put into the SOFA plan. First speaker is Linnea Wickstrom, to be
followed by Rebecca Byrne. We have eight speakers, so we'd like to keep
you to two minutes a piece. Thank you.

Linnea Wickstrom: Good evening. Thank you for planning this Study
Session. My name is Linnea Wickstrom; I live on Monroe Drive, which is half
in Palo Alto, half in Mountain View. I have a developmentally disabled son of
24 years old. I'm just here, as you might guess, then to advocate for
everything you can do—I hope I'm preaching to the choir now—to do what
you need to do on zoning, parking, da, da, da, da, to make projects like the
California Park a reality. My son is lucky enough to have won the lottery to
live at 1585 Studios in Mountain View on El Camino. I'm no expert, but my
calculation of the parking ratio is 0.3, because one of the points about the
developmentally disabled is they generally do not drive. Two of the 26
residents there drive. They have Eco Passes. This was a Housing Choices
and First Community Housing lot. It's transit-oriented; they ride the buses.
It's right on El Camino, so they can get to anywhere. It's just east of El
Monte Avenue, and it's a great development. Those of us parents who are
aging really need the opportunity to get our sons and daughters into a place
where they can learn independent living before we expire. Affordability and
a transit-oriented place preferably in the community in which they grew up,
where they can make a contribution is really key to all of us. Thank you for
considering the California Park Apartments and Palo Alto Housing Choices'
work in particular.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rebecca Byrne, to be followed
by Maria Marriott. If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to bring their
cards forward at this time.

                                                                        Page 23 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
