                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: When I look at the Motion and it says Findings 1 and 4 for
referring to the Comp Plan consistency regarding loading space, traffic
concerns, mass and scale and parking. I'm not aware—I know the Comp
Plan pretty well, but not verbatim every program and policy. I'm not aware
what loading space reference there is in the Comp Plan. A traffic concern is
not a Comp Plan policy or program that this project does not comply with.
Mass and scale, I can see where that is something that is arguable. On the
parking, we have to say how it's not consistent with the Comp Plan and the
zoning. We can't reference the Comp Plan if a zoning allows something. We
can't say we think the Comp Plan is in opposition to our zoning. That
doesn't trump our zoning. We can't just throw around the Comp Plan. We
have to be—I'm not saying there isn't a basis to reference the Comp Plan as
a basis for denial. I'm saying you can't just throw it around as if you blanket
the wall with the Comp Plan and don't say how it's really being not
complying.

Council Member Holman:         Council Member DuBois, could I offer an
amendment to try to hopefully clarify this? If you'll bear with me here for a
moment. Edit the Motion. "Reject the proposed project based on the
inability to make Site and Design Finding Number 4 which includes Policy L-
28"—I'm sorry, Policy L-12. I can't read. "Policy L-12, which the project
does not comply with." Then, delete "in regards to loading, traffic concerns,
mass and scale and parking." Take those out. "Nor does the project satisfy
Architectural Review Board Findings" as you have it there. After "faces," add
"additionally, there are Code compliance issues having to do with off-street
loading." Council Member DuBois, I think what you were talking about,
mass and scale, that's captured in the ARB findings that can't be met. You
don't need to say those. I think this might get you there.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion,
“findings in regards to loading space, traffic concerns, mass and scale, and
parking further” with “Site and Design Finding Number 4, which includes
Policy L-12, which the project does not comply with and in regards to
loading space, traffic concerns, mass and scale, and parking, nor does the
project satisfy.”

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion,
“additionally there are Code compliance issues having to do with off-street
loading.”

Council Member DuBois: I do think Site and Design Finding 1 and 4 would
apply. "1" is that it's ...

                                                                        Page 59 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
