                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Thanks for the report, Gil. You have a set of
decision criteria. Some are pretty quantitative, others aren't. You had
quality of life as a decision criteria. How will that be measured and how
would you balance that with, say, greenhouse gas reduction?

Mr. Friend: It's a good question, Council Member. I think how to handle the
non-quantitative is a question for you and your judgment together with your
Colleagues. You make subjective decisions about quality of life. There's a
vast literature of quantitative measures of those, but I think it's something
more as a matter of Council and policy and community engagement about
what our priorities are here. How you handle tradeoffs, I'll start with –where
I usually start on the question of tradeoffs is that rather than tradeoffs, let's
look at these as multiple design constraints that we're trying to address at
the same time. In my experience, environmental quality and quality of life
are not competitive choices to make, if we design well and intelligently. If
we put all our criteria on the table and challenge Staff and challenge the
community to meet them all with minimal compromise, we wind up with
much better solutions than trying to emphasize one at the expense of
another. Obviously, the rubber meets the road with specific issues. At a
general level, that's how I would answer you.

Council Member DuBois: I wanted to, I think, echo Council Member Holman
about the construction impacts. It just seems to be a blind spot in the
report. Accounting for greenhouse gas effects in new construction, I think I
asked you earlier doesn't Berkeley have some regulations around this that
we might be able to emulate.

Mr. Friend: Not that we're of, but we'll check that.

Council Member DuBois: A question on the Earth Day report. There's a
chart on Packet Page 708 that shows a huge reduction in residential gas
usage. I know there's a note there that says it may be the impact of the
drought and not permanent. Might we be seeing a drop in gas usage just
naturally even before electrification?

Mr. Friend: We may. We think that the other significant factor there is the
percentage of people that have signed up for Palo Alto Green Gas. Still a
small percentage of residents but, of course, the City has signed up for that,
so you're seeing a hit from that as well.

Council Member DuBois: Does that really indicate as well the bigger savings
on the commercial side?

Mr. Friend: Do we have anybody here from Utilities that can speak to green
gas? I guess not. We'll have to come back to you on that one.
                                                                          Page 27 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
