                          TRANSCRIPT
movements at the current lot, the main one opposite Kellogg, is really
dangerous. Allowing four movements at the second entrance today is
excessive and unnecessary. An alternative might be limited movements at
two locations rather than one location with all four movements. It's a really
dangerous intersection there. Maybe there are ways to address that hazard
and have it be only one location. I'd encourage a real serious consideration
of the other. I was looking over the design briefly; the lobby looked really
tiny. Is that anything that—it's a big important, welcoming space. Does
that have any latitude? I appreciate that this is a fundraising effort and
every dollar matters. I just wanted to check on and ask whether that's
something that might still be able to be reexamined in any way.

Mr. McClure: In a much earlier design scheme, we did have an interior
lobby. We've now shifted that to actually an exterior lobby entrance space,
so that that courtyard will act and serve as ticketing, outdoor gathering
space, with the large canopy, stroller parking, so that the building square
footage can be utilized for exhibit space.

Mayor Burt:      You mentioned the dawn redwood and its prehistoric
importance. Also in Palo Alto, we have a few dawn redwoods, one by the
Post Office and this one. I'm not sure whether there are any others. My
understanding is they were planted in the 1930s, I think.           That was
essentially shortly after, I believe, the rediscovery of the dawn redwood in
far western China. The world thought there were only two remaining species
of redwood trees, the California ones. These are amongst the oldest dawn
redwoods outside of China. At least that's my understanding. Please make
sure I’m speaking correctly. Finally, on the permit fees, when we redid our
libraries, did we charge permit fees of ourselves or in the case of the
Children's Library of the public-private partners?

Mr. de Geus: I might need Molly's assistance with this. I think there are
certain expectations for cost recovery for certain permits, where we do
charge ourselves to pay for it. Is that correct, Molly?

Mr. Keene: We'll have to look at it. We certainly have a pattern of often
paying for permits, but I couldn't definitely answer that we did that in all of
those cases.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, congratulations on the fundraising.
That's really fantastic, very exciting. I had kind of random questions. I'm
going to rattle them off. Are there bathrooms inside the new facilities?

Mr. McClure: Yes.
                                                                         Page 11 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
