                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think we could review the City's fee waiver policy in the
future. Currently, it does require a certain number of findings, one of them
being that the request is from a nonprofit. We could look at that in the
future, but that section is really not before you this evening.

Council Member Wolbach:      That answers my questions for this evening.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We have a couple other comments. Let me just lay out
something that has occurred to me, in part because of Council Member
Wolbach's comments, in thinking through unintended consequences. One of
the ones that has just occurred to me, that could occur as a result in part
that the Amendments that I offered is that do we create a circumstance
where the City would in some way have a motivation to deny an appeal,
because we would collect funds if we did so and not collect them if we did
not. Let me just put that out there for people to noodle on. Council Member
Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think I'm understanding this. It would be a lot
easier if you'd just use Pat and Liz, and then I'd know who was appealing
what. If I go back to this, everything in here is about appeals other than "D"
and "E." Am I right? Subsidizing childcare is different than appealing. An
alternative for annual inflation adjustment to the Fee Schedule, why did that
come in here? Is that yours, Tom or Pat?

Council Member Berman: Pat.

Mayor Burt: Which one?

Council Member Kniss: "E."

Mayor Burt: It's because we've fallen way out of whack over the years, in
part because we didn't have an inflation adjuster.

Council Member Kniss: Got it. That's all I needed to hear. The rest of it, I'd
be just delighted to vote on it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to clarify "A" here. My intent here
was—I think there was a lot of confusion on the terms of the fees. The
intent between "A" and "B" is that somebody filing an appeal, whether to the
Director or to the Council, would pay the $280. The intent was not that they
would pay that multiple times. Are you reading it that way now?


                                                                        Page 36 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
