                             TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Second.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:             Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to:

A.         Direct Staff to accept the original bid of $4,702,450, an additional
           $1,021,490 over the three-year term; and

B.         Authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute a new three-
           year contract with West Coast Arborists, Inc. in an amount not to
           exceed $4,702,450 for tree pruning and removal services on a 7-year
           maintenance cycle; and

C.         Amend the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Appropriation Ordinance for the
           General Fund by:

     i.         Increasing the Public Works Department contract services
                appropriation by $316,900; and

     ii.        Decreasing the General Fund Budget Stabilization Reserve by
                $316,900.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can I speak to it?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. This is a budget item. I think the question
before us is should we do a 10-year cycle or a 7-year cycle. After getting
the new information, I've reconsidered it in my mind. I thought we don't
want to damage the canopy. Let's go with the 7-year cycle. We're coming
forward with the Urban Forest Master Plan stuff. The rest of these things
that Council Member Holman raised, I think, are good things. I think they're
important things to talk about. I think they belong in a noticed discussion,
which the right time is when you come forward then. That's when we should
discuss all these things. Frankly, using that no appropriation clause, if we
decide at some point to go to a 10-year cycle, we can probably always talk
these people into moving to a 10-year cycle based on that. Let's use the
precautionary principle that Council Member Wolbach mentioned earlier. Do
no harm to our canopy. Let's do seven years, and let's talk about this when
it comes back to us.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, you want to speak to your second?

Council Member Wolbach: I agree with everything Vice Mayor Scharff just
said.

                                                                          Page 78 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
