                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I went to the City Agenda and looked at the Staff
Report. That's where I looked. They weren't there. That's where I looked.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, you had a quick follow-up.

Council Member Schmid: Yes. I did try and find Appendix H, which is a
traffic report. It was not on the City website. I could go through "G," but I
couldn't find "H."

Ms. Gitelman: I'll check again. Apparently someone has found it.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. The first question is do we take into account
the growth of electric vehicles in all of this when we look at greenhouse gas
reduction and we project it out based on what we're doing.

Ms. Gitelman: Good question.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We have the highest percentage, I believe.

Ms. Gitelman: We have not taken credit for all of the kind of Palo Alto-
specific measures that we think will be in the Sustainability and Climate
Action Plan (S/CAP). We've included that as mitigation. As I said at the
beginning, we haven't really run a mitigated scenario. We have taken credit
for what changes in the fleet and the emission factors that the State, the Air
Resources Board, has put in the standard methodology, but that's all.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm trying to keep it to technical questions. What
you're saying is we're not taking into account—put aside the S/CAP, the fact
that we are purchasing at a certain rate which is increasing electric vehicles
in Palo Alto. That's not included in any of the scenarios.

Ms. Gitelman: We have simply included at this point what CARB ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Which we know to be wrong.

Ms. Gitelman: ...is saying the State is achieving.      We haven't included
anything above that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When we look at the housing scenario, when we
increase more housing, do we make any assumptions as to how many
residents of those new housing units actually live in Palo Alto? Otherwise, it
has no effect on commuting. In fact, it creates more traffic. If people live
here, they walk to work or they bike to work or maybe make ...
                                                                        Page 19 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
