                          TRANSCRIPT
Mercury News replied the next day that the only people who could afford the
tickets were high-priced tech workers who could then live in Madero. Lucky
them, said the Mercury News. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Rebecca Byne or Byrne to be followed by Ellen
Forbes.

Rebecca Byrne: Hi, guys. I'm Rebecca Byrne. I'm here on behalf of the
Housing Choices Coalition. We are a nonprofit that focuses on finding
housing for adults with developmental disabilities who are looking to be
independent. I just wanted to start by commenting on some of the numbers
that were in the Housing Element. They differ from some of our numbers
quite dramatically. In the Housing Element, it says that there are 42 people
with developmental disabilities living in Palo Alto. According to the California
Department of Developmental Disabilities, there are actually 473. We'd love
to work with you guys on this just to find the correct number, because there
is such a dramatic difference. Of that 473, 216 are adults, and only 48 of
those are living independently. Currently we're working with 51 adults in
Palo Alto looking to find them housing but, of course, that's extremely
difficult. We're hoping that within this Comp Plan that you consider making
high-density, transit-oriented housing specifically for adults with
developmental disabilities. This is the last thing I'll say. Many of these
people are extremely low income. If you could be conscious of that too, that
would be wonderful. Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ellen Forbes, to be followed by
Bonnie Packer. Welcome.

Ellen Forbes: Good evening. As President of the League of Women Voters
of Palo Alto, I wanted to read the letter that we sent to the Council today.
Many cities view affordable housing as a bitter pill, a necessity perhaps, but
one that provides no amenities and improvements to a community. The
League of Women Voters of Palo Alto would like our City instead to think of
affordable housing as one tool to help build more walkable and vibrant
communities that offer strong support for retail and lessened dependency on
auto trips. At the time same, encourage population diversity. In this spirit,
we urge you to move forward with many of the visionary goals and
programs suggested tonight by City Staff. In particular, we support efforts
to build housing in transit-oriented zones along El Camino Real, that is
appropriate to seniors, millennials and low-income workers, by rezoning to
favor smaller-sized units. Steps can be taken to ensure that these folks do
not rely on cars for transportation, thus fostering walkability and
strengthening local retail.   To achieve this, zoning densities must be
increased where appropriate, and parking restrictions relaxed wherever

                                                                         Page 57 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
