                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: It's a great step forward. I think we were worried,
as my colleagues have said, what would happen when Foothill left. You've
done a great job of filling in, both in dollars and providing options for a wide
range of programs in the area. I think even with Avenidas there, we're very
close to replacing the dollars that Foothill gave us. I guess to go to the
Master Plan. The time period is short now. It's three years; it's not five
years. We have to work together to reach something, not just say we'll
work together but actually operate together as a body. We need agreement
on basic assumptions. The most basic one is how many pupils will there be
in the School District, how many young people will there be in the City.
Both our plans are based upon those assumptions. Right now we're working
at opposite poles. If the School District is right that the yield for new
households in Palo Alto will not provide young people, we have to rethink a
lot of our base programs. What are our Community Service programs if
there are no youth or fewer youth as a share of the total population? What
about the capital options we want for Cubberley? What about the programs
that will have a long-term viability there? We need to rethink what our City
will need. The School District is making an assumption the yield per
household will provide less children than San Francisco currently is. San
Francisco has a yield of children one-half of what all the other cities in the
Bay Area has, including Palo Alto. Are we going to pretend to be San
Francisco? That is a big assumption. I think that's step number one in
having an effective collaboration with the School District. We need to sit
down and have serious conversations about demographics and what our City
and our schools will look like.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Having had a chance to hear the Motion and
those speaking to it, I'm definitely going to be supporting this Motion. I just
want to make sure I'm very clear. This is the full Staff recommendation,
correct? With no variances? Excellent. As I mentioned before, Palo Alto's
relationship with Avenidas goes back to Avenidas' founding. We talk about
and we've made over the last couple of years a real priority focus on having
a healthy city and a healthy community. Central to that is the service that
we provide for seniors, especially with a "graying" population as Palo Alto's
average age is expected to rise over the coming years. What Avenidas does
for the community still is critically important. It speaks to the foresight of
our predecessors on this Council in creating, supporting, etc., Avenidas until
today. I won't spend half an hour talking about it as Scharff said Larry Klein
did. It is really important. I think that we've reached, through Staff's
appropriate negotiation, a compromise with Avenidas, which I know
Avenidas is not thrilled with, but they're willing to accept. Even if we're not
thrilled with it being a compromise, that's politics. It's the art of the
                                                                         Page 32 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
