                         TRANSCRIPT
of the property some much longer, sort of alleyways, cul de sacs. Those
were reviewed by the Fire Department at that time. It was found that
response time was sufficient. We don't see any issues with the newly
proposed cul de sac.

Council Member Holman:      What about the removal, if it was removed, of
sidewalks on Amherst?

Ms. Gerhardt: To the best of my knowledge, both sidewalks are still
proposed. I would ask the applicant to confirm that because I'm coming in
late on this project.

Council Member Holman: Please.

Mr. Wuthmann: Both of the sidewalks on Amherst Street are still in the plan
as they were when the tentative map and final map were approved. I think
what was being referred to is the new cul de sac does not have sidewalks in
it, just like the other cul de sacs in the plan do not have sidewalks in them.
I think that's what was trying to be stated.

Council Member Holman: The last question, I think, is for Staff. Then, I'll
have a couple of comments. The Record of Land Use Action seems to me to
be incomplete. You had mentioned the one Comprehensive Plan reference
that Bill Ross had mentioned. I don't see anything on here that says, which
is typically the case—it's more the architectural review findings. Why
wouldn't it be here since the architecture has changed that the plans will be
built according to significant—be built—what is the language used?
According to the plan set submitted and approved on X date. There's
nothing here. It's not clear to me what the Council is actually approving in a
specific and identified manner according to the Record of Land Use Action.

Ms. Silver: There is an existing Record of Land Use Action that deals with all
of the conditions of approval, the architectural review, all of the standards
conditions. That's still operative. This particular Record of Land Use Action
is only meant to memorialize this discrete amendment to the final map.
That being said, we do recommend that there be at least two modifications.
One is, as Director Gitelman mentioned, the incorporation of the consistency
findings. Second, a standard indemnification provision.

Council Member Holman: Understanding that the other Record of Land Use
Action exists, but there's no reference to, unless I'm not reading this
correctly, to these subdivision map plans that have been submitted. How do
we know—it talks about the address and such, but how do we know it's this
plan set that we're approving? It refers to the tract number and such. How

                                                                        Page 58 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
