                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks. A quick question on page 17. Caltrain
average weekday boardings have doubled over the last five years, which
was interesting. What is in that number? Is that sort of everybody that
uses Caltrain or is it just Palo Alto residents taking the train to go
somewhere else?

Ms. Richardson: I am not certain. We'd have to do some research on that
to find out. I believe that that is reporting people who board in Palo Alto.

Mr. Keene: That's correct.

Council Member Filseth: If you got on the train in San Jose, came to work in
Palo Alto, got on the train to go home, would you be counted in that
number?

Mr. Keene: Yes.

Ms. Richardson: You would be counted when you board in Palo Alto.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I also want to say thank you for putting together
this report. Is this microphone working? I'll just bring it a little bit closer.
As has been mentioned, this is an extremely useful report, and it's also
extremely useful to compare it across years. I don't have the report in front
of me right now, but thank you, Council Member Berman, for pointing out
the very deep dissatisfaction expressed by Palo Altans regarding housing,
affordable, variety, cost of living. You sometimes hear the idea that we all
know and we've always known that Palo Alto has always been a very
expensive place. According to our residents and their comments about
housing and housing costs, they're not impressed. Tying this also together
with this tracking from 2010 or comparing 2010 to 2015 on Slide 14, we see
a 19.4, around 20-percent increase in median household income over those
five years. Coming out of the recession to 2015, we see about a, rounding
up, 20 percent increase in median household income. During that same
period, we see just over 60 percent increase in median single-family home
prices. Housing costs has increased three times the rate of income for Palo
Altans. That's pretty difficult if you're trying to switch from one residence in
Palo Alto to another. Maybe you're trying to downsize, maybe you don't
drive anymore, you're trying to downsize somewhere. That makes it very
difficult to do that. For people who are renting, which we also indicated is
about 44 percent of Palo Altans, so a little under half of Palo Altans rent.
Their salaries have increased on average around 20 percent, but their
                                                                          Page 17 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
