                          TRANSCRIPT
alternative approaches that we can take tonight that might allow the Council
and the community to address additional aspects of a perspective Ordinance
and how we could proceed on that within the requirements of the State
mandate.

Mr. Pirnejad: Very well. As you know, this is a State-mandated Ordinance
to comply with the recent drought.            Originally we had prepared this
recommended Motion but, considering some of the concerns and comments
that came up, let me jump right to some specifics. The specifics of our
changes are to make minor amendments to the Bay Area Water
Conservation Board that reviewed the State Ordinance. The State Ordinance
is mandated; it's very confusing; it's very long; it's very complicated. Bay
Area Water Supply and Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) attempted to take
that State Ordinance and modify it. By modifying it, they made it—they
consulted with agencies across the Bay Area, landscape architects,
hydrologists, etc., and they came up with a revised version of the State-
mandated Ordinance that was easier to comply. They had a third-party
attorney review it to make sure that it complied with the State minimums.
We took that Ordinance, took it to the Green Building Advisory Group, which
we had our Retreat some month ago, and we presented to them. They
asked us to make two modifications to that BAWSCA Ordinance. Those two
modifications were lower the threshold, so it's easier to interpret which
projects were exempt and nonexempt from the Ordinance. That threshold
basically would require all permits that require a building permit or a
planning entitlement to go through this landscaping review. That was the
first modification. The second modification was that we would require a
separate permit for all landscaping review to ensure that when someone
pulls a building permit to, say, build a house, that building permit can be
finalized, and the people can occupy that building while they continue to
improve their landscaping. That can take still months after they've moved
in. Those were the two modifications that we've made to the BAWSCA
Ordinance. Just to be sure that we understood all the other provisions about
turf and non-turf or planting, that's all in the State Ordinance and also in the
BAWSCA Ordinance.         To give you a quick rundown of the State's
requirement, BAWSCA's requirements and then our requirements is Item
Number 3. The State requires that all projects 500 square feet for new
construction and 2,500 square feet for rehabilitations be subject to this—
basically a Water Budget.       You have two ways to comply with their
Ordinance: a prescriptive path which dictates exactly what you need to do;
and a performance path that identifies a Water Budget, and you can do
anything you want within that Water Budget. You can have a desert in one
portion of the yard and a rain forest in the other, if you choose to stay within
the Budget. That's consistent throughout all three options. The second
option, the Regional Ordinance, the BAWSCA Ordinance, just lowered the
                                                                             Page 28 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
