                          TRANSCRIPT
Elizabeth Duncan: Hi. I've got him to ask you to support Proposition 62,
which is on the ballot. I'd like an official support from Palo Alto, which is the
favorite place I've ever lived. I've lived in many places. Proposition 62
would abolish the death penalty and put in its place life without parole. Most
people don't know how much it costs us to kill people legally. It costs 150
million a year. We would save $150 million a year if we abolished the death
penalty. In addition to which—I put the cost first. The cost is enormous.
The worst part of it is that we sometimes kill people who are innocent. The
reason I work against the death penalty is I was born in raised in London. I
am a legal immigrant; anybody listening. I've been here 54 years. Britain
hanged an innocent man when I was a teenager, and that changed my life.
They hanged a black man who was married to a white woman and had a
baby girl. He was found guilty of murder and hanged. A few months later,
they found 12 other bodies at the residence. It was the landlord who had
murdered them all. Britain abolished the death penalty at that point. I've
lived in the Deep South and in Texas and Midwest and all over this country.
When I moved to California and learned there was a death penalty, I
thought, "California? This isn't California. This is too progressive." I've
been working against it here with Amnesty International. I would very much
appreciate your support.       I've got the figures for the cost, which is
unbelievably high, but we don't want to kill any more innocent people.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Karen, did you have something? Council Member
Holman.

Council Member Holman: Yes, just a quick question of Staff prior to the last
speaker leaving the chambers. At times Staff brings to the Council a list of
the measures that are on the State ballot for our direction, whether we want
to support or take a position on those measures. Is Staff planning to do that
this year? Previously, I think it was then Mayor Yeh and I did a Colleagues
Memo to support elimination of the death penalty, and that passed
unanimously.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, Council Members, as you know we
have a standing item on the Council's Agenda dealing with legislative
matters. If the Council is interested in us doing this in the run-up to
November, we could certainly place on the Council's Agenda.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.



                                                                         Page 53 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
