                          TRANSCRIPT
B.    Approve professional services Contract Number C16161534 with Fehr
      & Peers in the amount of $544,509 for a period of one year for the
      preparation of plans, specifications and estimates for the previously-
      approved Bryant Street Extension, Maybell Avenue, and Park
      Boulevard-Wilkie Way Bicycle Boulevard Projects.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, second by Council Member
Berman. Would you like to speak to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not going to repeat the thanks to Staff. Again, I do
appreciate that. I think it's great that we're expanding our bike boulevards
south in this comprehensive way. I think that's something that's really
going to—the community's really going to benefit and be very pleased with
this when it's done.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Given the time and the comments I already made,
I'll just say I agree with everything Vice Mayor Scharff said.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I didn't get to speak earlier, so I have to talk now.
First of all, if you could, I think we've said this before. A lot of times when
these bike concept plans, they should come as Action Items rather than
Consent. I think it'd be smoother, the whole process of pulling it off Consent
and bringing it back. We have a focus right now on parking, transportation.
I would just suggest that. I think a lot of what you're hearing from us is
really trying to strike the right balance of implementing these standards, but
doing it kind of with a light touch where it makes sense to have a lighter
touch. I think we're getting there. It'd be great to just kind of tune that in.
My biggest concern, if you look at Attachment D where you show the parking
intrusion levels, is really thinking about a policy in that sweet spot of 60
percent utilization. When it starts to go red, like it does on Figure 9 and
Figure 10 in particular I'm concerned about, which is Greer Park, maybe
that's the point where we need to really think about the policy and adjust.
This Greer Park one, there's affordable housing there; there's multiunit
housing, and then there's a very popular park.            I'm concerned about
permanently removing the parking there. We measured a certain a time of
year. I know in soccer season, particularly on weekends, we want people to
come and use the park when the soccer fields are right there on that edge.
I'm wondering if that in particular is one place you could consider maybe
daytime parking restrictions. During the weekdays and maybe weekend at
nights, we could have more parking.

                                                                        Page 58 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
