                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:                 Council Member Holman moved,
seconded by Council Member DuBois to deny the request for a waiver at 100
Addison Avenue from the Retail Protection Ordinance and uphold the
Director’s decision and allow education uses in the interim ordinance for
properties in SOFA II, Residential Transition-35 Zone (RT-35), on or abutting
Alma Street.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we need to vote on the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Now we have to vote on the primary Motion. Let's see. What
are we—that was the amendment.

Ms. Silver: The primary Motion was to deny the waiver.

Mayor Burt: To deny the—the primary Motion is to deny the waiver. The
amendment was to allow this within the existing interim Ordinance. We still
have to vote on the primary Motion, which is to deny the waiver. That
passes on a 6-2 vote with Council Members Berman and Kniss ...

Council Member Berman: Wait a second.

Council Member Kniss: Isn't that the other way around?

Mayor Burt: We're voting to deny the waiver. Isn't that what we're doing?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: Yes means you're voting to deny the waiver. Did you want to
change your vote? Let's clear the board and revote. Try it one more time.
That passes 8-0 with Council Member Filseth absent. Now we're done.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

13.   Policy Discussion on Comprehensive Plan Update Environmental
      Impact Report Scenarios 5 & 6 (Staff requests this item be continued
      to August 29, 2016).

This Item was continued to August 29, 2016.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

14.   Status Update and Potential City Responses to the Governor's "By
      Right" Housing Bill and Pending Bills Addressing Housing Issues.

Mayor Burt: We really don't have a need to ...


                                                                     Page 104 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
