                          TRANSCRIPT
supporting a conversation in democracy and community out here. We'll be
testing that over the next couple of weeks and look forward to a formal
dedication of that Public Art piece. Finally, if you haven't noticed it, we've
got some of the signs going up around the building, above the City Hall sign,
a larger sort of pedestal sign out on Hamilton, the parking location totem
signs, all of which are lit at night and are certainly making the plaza more
welcoming. Since you all are always in here until the wee hours of the
morning, you might not have seen those signs yet, but I did want to call
them to your attention. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: At this time, we have Oral Communications. This is for
members of the public to speak on items that are not otherwise on the
Agenda. We have two speaker cards. Shani Kleinhaus to be followed by
Ester Nigenda. Each speaker will have three minutes to speak. Welcome.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members. I'm Shani
Kleinhaus. I speak tonight for the Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society and
on this topic also for the Sierra Club and several other organizations. In the
past few years, our organizations worked with Google to develop a vision on
how do you integrate nature into a growing urban area. What do you do
when you want to enhance growth, whether commercial or housing, and yet
you don't want to lose the natural assets, birds, wildlife, butterflies, plants?
How do you do that, and how do you do that in the face of global climate
change and of sea level rise, the needs for sustainable development, all of
that? Out of those discussions came these two documents, and there's one
that is still following. Google actually sponsored the San Francisco Estuary
Institute to do a Scientific Study of how can we look at our region and in the
urban areas and actually promote and enhance the quality of life not only for
people and look at sustainability and everything else in terms of a very
integrated approach to things.        Those two documents, the first one,
Landscape Resilience Framework, is really a universal document. You can
apply it anywhere on the globe and it will have scientific bases for looking at
how do you integrate nature into the urban areas or other areas, not just
urban. The vision for resilient Silicon Valley is a document that is more local
in approach; it applies to Palo Alto and other cities in our area. We used it
as we were discussing the Urban Forest Master Plan in the past few weeks to
try and frame the discussion of what kind of urban forest can we have that
will really look at regenerating to some extent the old oak woodlands of the
area, not by just planting oaks everywhere, but really looking at greater
detail on what do we put where. I wanted to introduce this and give all of

                                                                              Page 4 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
