                         TRANSCRIPT
don't even know each other. What was even more shocking is that the
house would be a commercial venture. Nathan and his team would make at
least $1,000 a month from each tenant, that is at least $14,000 a month
from a three-bedroom house. Even in the great neighborhood we live in,
everybody knows $14,000 is an outrageous amount of rent to pay for a
three-bedroom. Over time, this pattern of commercializing homes will
prevent future families from being able to afford renting and living in our
great City.    I ask the City to look into these matters, enhance the
enforcement tools and stop the abusive practices exhibited on Airbnb that
lead to the detrimental effects on our communities. Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We won't be accepting any more speaker cards on
Oral Communications. We have four more cards. Let's take a moment.

[The Council returned to Item Number 3.]

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is George Billman. Welcome.

George Billman: Thank you, and I appreciate the opportunity to address the
Council. I'm also a resident of Palo Alto for over 20 years. We've enjoyed
living in Crescent Park. I live at the corner of University and Lincoln and
immediate next door neighbor to Gordon's house.           We share a long,
common fence. The fence is less than chin high or about, affording a view
into our yard and their yard. If I stand at my barbecue, I can listen to
conversations. They can listen to my family's conversations. When you're
with a neighbor of longstanding that you know well and that you have a
bond with, that doesn't bother you. Imagine the difference now I'm facing
where 14 people continually changing are right over the fence, looking into
my yard, seeing my three daughters, seeing the possessions in our house,
because I have lots of windows. I'm standing at my barbecue; I'm having
business conversations; I don't know who's over the fence, because it's
changing all the time. I don't know anything about their background. I feel
this scheme would damage my privacy and my calm that I think is my right
to enjoy. I don't think that it is something that comports with the idea of a
single-family neighborhood. Crescent Park has its Addison School district.
It's very strong.     We've really enjoyed the strong community in that
neighborhood that forms the foundation of the grammar schools up into
Jordan and Paly. Those schools are based on long-term resident families
that join the Parent Teacher Association (PTA), that contribute to the bake
sales and to the educational fundraising, that participate in City Council. I
think it's very unlikely that 14 people that turnover on a monthly basis are
going to add that sort of feel and support to the community. I think we
really need to consider the long-term effects. As it was earlier portrayed,
someone that can spin $14,000 a month from a house like this, they're

                                                                      Page 28 of 104
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/4/16
