                         TRANSCRIPT
probably be lower because of the passage of time. We're analyzing them
not in today's world but in 2030 when fuel standards, emission standards
keep getting better. A lot of things happen in the course of the next 15
years that provide a rational basis for showing some improvement in
emissions.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Really what I was thinking of was between Scenario 5
and Scenario 6. Scenario 5 should show less greenhouse gas emissions
purely because you have 3,500 residential units rather than 6,000, because
you have the same number of jobs. Scenario 6 will look worse, artificially
so, because we really shouldn't care if those people live in Palo Alto or they
live somewhere else if they need to live in the Bay Area.

Ms. Gitelman: Again, I don't want to predict what the answer's going to be.
Our hope is that by applying these performance and sustainability measures
to both scenarios, we're going to be able to achieve the S/CAP goal in both
scenarios. You're right that we may have to do it in a slightly different way
if the amount of housing contributes to an increased baseline emissions.
That's what the analysis will tell us.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Am I thinking about this in a wrong way? If you have
the same number of jobs but you just have more housing, when I look at
Scenarios 5 and 6, they incorporate—5 and 6 incorporate all of the same
sustainability measures. It doesn't seem to me that there's any difference.
The only thing I see different in terms of greenhouse gas emissions,
between 5 and 6, is we have more housing units. Is there something
different in the two scenarios which would drive gas—we seem to have the
same infrastructure investments. We seem to have all the same—I'm just
really wondering what would be a factor that would change it other than
that?

Mayor Burt: Can I offer something?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Mayor Burt: One factor is that we have, out of people who reside in Palo
Alto—is it 30 percent or 25 percent work in Palo Alto? Is that our current ...

Ms. Gitelman: I don't remember off the top of my head.

Mayor Burt: It's in that range. If we assume that it would stay in that
approximate proportion and it's 30 percent, then out of the new residents
we would have 30 percent of them who would not have an out-of-city or into
Palo Alto commute in theory. 70 percent would have an out of Palo Alto
commute. There have been arguments that if we add housing, it necessarily
                                                                        Page 29 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
