                          TRANSCRIPT
think about—we're obviously not giving direction or anything. Something to
think about is do we have or do we need a full-time Staff person dedicated
to study of sea level rise and working across departments and working
across the regional organizations to be our point person who wakes up every
day with cognitive priority on what am I going to do today to protect Palo
Alto for the next 50-100 years on sea level rise, and/or do we need an
equivalent of IBRC. Do we need to have a blue ribbon commission to put
together, at least the beginning of, a real, thoughtful, comprehensive
approach to how we are going to handle this? I do agree that adaptation,
protection and, where appropriate, possibly strategic retreat may all be
important. Again, as a couple of other people have mentioned, it really does
depend on the circumstance. None of us are going to be prepared to make
that decision on our own. I do fear each department or people working
within various departments, each kind of doing it ad hoc. I think we need a
more coordinated effort again. On payment, I very much agree with Council
Member Filseth that we're talking about 50-100 years of impact. We're
talking about possibly raising money over the next several decades to pay
for something that's going to have several decades of impact, so we should
start thinking now about what kind of funding mechanisms we're going to
use for anything that's going to require raising substantial funds. When it
does come to—if we do start looking at things like retreating, we're going to
need to think about basically preemptive triage. If things get really bad, if
things happen faster or higher than we are prepared to adapt or protect,
then what are our lowest priorities and what are our highest priorities? I'm
not going to call out a lot right now. I will say that I saw in the Staff Report
should we consider great expense to protect the golf course. If it's as part
of a levee system where it makes sense to do it there anyway and the golf
course is part of that inclusion and we can use the golf course itself as part
of the protection, great. I don't think we want to spend tens of millions of
dollars just to protect the golf course if we don't get some ancillary benefits
from it. That's, again, the kind of thing we're going to have to make some
tough decisions about. I do think that it really is, again, about using all of
those tools where appropriate. It is about doing the adaptation and the
protection, because levees fail. They can. Human structures can fail, and
we could be wrong. Obviously you've emphasized there is a very wide range
of predictions about how high and how fast sea level rise will occur. We
should be very careful not to put ourselves in greater danger as Council
Member Filseth pointed out. I just want to come back to this point about the
ecotones. I want to confirm I heard from Staff that currently it's considered
fill, so it's tough to get the permits. I heard from Vice Mayor Scharff that
BCDC is working on what kind of legislation to promote—I would guess that
would be up in Sacramento—in order to make sure that we could pursue
something like that. Here again is where having a guiding policy and Staff
members for whom this is a priority is useful, so we can make sure
                                                                         Page 21 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
