                         TRANSCRIPT
University Avenue station with our bike path and essentially Park Boulevard,
that's not a bad ride at all. When we look at that, we may want to think
about in a Stage One the lower level of the Research Park, Stage Two an
upper level which might be served more from Cal. Ave. Caltrain especially
when we have expansion there. Also, I had a discussion with Castilleja
recently and asked them whether they had used our current system,
because they were saying they now have a lot of students who take Caltrain,
but then they have a shuttle that they have on their own from the Caltrain
station to Castilleja. A pretty short distance, but they don't have their own
bikes there. They weren't even very familiar with our existing system. You
don't want to probably sign folks up. One, they said that they were
interested in sponsoring a Motivate station at or near Castilleja, because
they are a commuter school. The final thing is aside from the comparison to
alternatives like expanded shuttle, what's our cost avoidance in terms of the
value of a parking space, setting aside for the moment the value of reducing
traffic congestion? Just on a parking standpoint, what portion of these—if
we have 112,000 annual trips under the large-scale SoBi system, that's
about 300 trips per day. What portion of those would we assume or project
would avoid demand for a $60,000 parking spot plus the maintenance of
that parking spot? That's a calculus that, I think, is very important, and I'd
be real interested in seeing. I think I concur with my colleagues that we're
interested in the SoBi system. I think I heard generally on the larger scale.
I would be interested in really pursuing financial partners. If we mandate
locations for development, then we avoid both capital and a certain amount
of the operating cost expenses. If we have large-scale partners through the
TMAs, that also is a significant cost sharing. We might see our proportion of
this cost drop significantly.      If we are to go forward with a local
transportation tax this fall—we're going to have a meeting next week to hear
our poll results—then we could have funding of our own to be able to expand
support of programs like this. Council Member Wolbach.

Mr. Mello: If I could just address one of those points. Most of the bike
sharing systems in operation today limit memberships to folks 18 years and
older. It could be a challenge for students at Castilleja. That's not saying
that there's not an opportunity to have a different age threshold, but most
systems in operation today you have to be 18 and older to use the system.

Mayor Burt: Interesting, although I wouldn't be surprised if agreements can
be struck between an institution where the institution would provide certain
guarantees or whatever. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the presentation. I
concur very much with the comments I've heard from my colleagues. I just
want to add my voice to a couple of things. One, we've started to give some
                                                                        Page 21 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
