                          TRANSCRIPT
garages. The new Council, you may recall, approved expansion of the Valet
Assist Program to Cowper-Webster in June 2015. We're going to meet with
the contractor this week, and Planning will coordinate with City departments
with a goal to initiate the program in the next four to six weeks. Prior to its
beginning , we will contact all permit holders at Cowper-Webster to notify
them of the program and how to use the service and will post notices at the
garage. We did want to, one last time, invite the Council and members of
the public to join Mayor Burt and City Staff at the Great Race for Saving
Water this Saturday, April 30th. The City is teaming up with Tuolumne River
Trust, the Palo Alto Weekly, Project Anybody, KEEN and other partners to
host this Earth Day Festival and fun run and 5K run/walk. Community
Services, Utilities, Office of Emergency Services, Police, Fire, Public Works
and local youth and community organizations at the scenic Baylands for
some outdoor recreation, please join them. Again, as I mentioned before,
the chance to actually catch the running toilet, free bike repairs and tune-
ups will be offered by Repair Café for those who cycle the event. Hope to
see some of you there. We'll start at the Baylands Activity Center at 9:00
A.M., and you can register at the cityofpaloalto.org/great race. I do recall, I
think, that there is race day registration. I also just wanted to call attention
to—I think we have an at-places memo from me to the Council about next
week's meeting, May 2nd, that Agenda Item Number Two, which is the
receipt of the first poll results on a possible local transportation funding tax
measure and direction to Staff. We're just getting the results from the
pollster. We're going to talk to them tomorrow. I would expect we will have
a Late Packet distribution on this item in your Thursday, April 28th, packet in
advance of that meeting. While we are on the meeting for May 2nd, Item
Number 12 on the Agenda is the last item scheduled on the Agenda; that's a
Colleagues Memo on Evergreen Parking Permit Program. We received some
comments. Since there's just a very short time that that is scheduled for
discussion, given the fact that you also have the actual petition related to
Evergreen Park and Southgate on the following week's Agenda, I discussed
with the Mayor this morning the idea of moving that to the first item on the
Council Agenda on the 2nd. That should be placed at around the 6:20 P.M.
timeframe, before you take up the public hearing again on the Royal Manor
single story occupancy. Given that that will be a very short item in
comparison to the other, we would put that first on the action schedule.
Lastly, we want to acknowledge, as you all heard, on Friday afternoon a
young woman in Palo Alto was killed when she was struck by the train at the
Palo Alto crossing near Menlo Park. She was a 2014 graduate of Gunn High
School. We've been in close touch with the School District and the Project
Safety Net collaborative in support of our community. It's a sad time for our
community, and our thoughts go out to the young woman's family and
friends. Thank you.

                                                                          Page 26 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
