                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: The City Attorney wanted to remind me that we should be
making disclosures on any ex parte communication on a quasi-judicial item.
If anybody has a disclosure to make. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I did speak with a couple of members of the public
on this project.

Mayor Burt: I spoke briefly with a representative of the applicant and didn't
receive any information that's not in the packet. I don't know if the Staff's
still trying to digest this parking issue. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Just to be sure we heard clearly on your answer to
Council Member DuBois' question about the 50-foot limit. You are indicating
that the only thing that goes above the 50-foot limit is actually the elevator
shaft mechanism.

Mr. Ah Sing: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Is that what you said?

Mr. Ah Sing: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: There is another suggestion made here. I don't
recall us doing it in the City at all. Maybe somebody can remind me we have
done it. It's under the letter from Shani Kleinhaus, which indicates that
there is a lights out program similar to San Francisco, Baltimore, Detroit and
so forth. Is that something we have done before or have considered? It's
on her letter which came today actually.

Mr. Lait: I think I got that letter. I'm not aware of a program like that in
Palo Alto. I think the lighting is something that can be conditioned to meet
whatever standard the Council is interested in. It will be on a dimmable
switch. There is access to the roof. There is a certain amount of lighting
that's needed for safety and security reasons. They are permitted to
operate until 10:00 P.M. at least by the Code. If we're cutting the light out
at dusk, that could impact operations.

Council Member Kniss: Even as it says dusk to dawn, it also says 10:00
P.M. to 6:00 A.M., 11:00 P.M. to 5:00 A.M., 11:00 P.M. to dawn. It's really
not dusk to dawn. It really must just be a metaphor for turning the lights
down when it is closing time. I think this one would say turning the lights
off, but I would think—maybe you could find out a little more about it. You
could probably turn them down substantially so that it doesn't interfere with
any of the bird-friendly kinds of provisions we have made. I'm not sure how


                                                                         Page 102 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
