                         TRANSCRIPT
not have to have these things reviewed. We, the public, have yet to see this
agreement. It's been totally behind closed doors. This smacks of 27
University. It's the same problem where things are not being disclosed to
the public. We hope that would end. Please discuss that with Staff tonight
as well. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Doria Summa to be followed by our final speaker,
Margit Arambura.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor, Vice Mayor and Council. I want to
thank everyone for all the hard work. I would like to acknowledge, as
Allison Koo said, they did work with the neighborhood group. Closing the
keycard gate was not the only concern from the very beginning. We had
concerns about the excess FAR, namely the 31,000 approximately square
feet that you've heard about. Those concerns were expressed to Staff as
early as July 2014. We were also waiting for these documents to be
provided that showed any kind of uncodified agreement or any kind of
written agreement. I'm not sure what kind of relevance any kind of
document from 1885 would have, since the City of Palo Alto was not even
incorporated until 1894. I would like to thank our neighbor, Machine Zone.
They have been good neighbors. That's true. We look forward to them
having a nicer home for their company, but not at the expense of an illegal
grandfathering act. The purpose of grandfathering in any Code is to prevent
an accusation of a taking and to promote a sense of fairness when the City
changes a law through ordinance and a building goes out of compliance,
which had been legal when it was built. Our definition of noncompliant
buildings, the new one which you just approve tonight does not say anything
about when an owner of a property illegally changes a lease line that would
apply to grandfathering. I'm glad to know that the 31,000 square feet that
cannot be replaced would not be a deal-breaker for Machine Zone. It's a
shame that this had to go on for so long with so much expense and time for
all parties involved, when it could have been the fact that Staff said they
would like it to be legal. The idea that anybody can move their lease lines
willy-nilly whenever they want just to achieve a greater FAR on one side is a
lawless and chaotic idea that we have never proceeded with in the Research
Park. I can't see what advantage it would have for anybody to proceed that
way in the future. Thank you very much to everyone.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Margit Arambura.

Margit Arambura: Thank you very much. Good evening, Council Members.
I'm one of the people who have raised some of the questions to City Staff
about the proposed project, particularly about the square footage of the
parcel. As you know, the lease parcels in the Research Park have always

                                                                       Page 56 of 94
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/11/16
