                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I think Sheldon should spend a few minutes looking at it. They're
all questions related to floor area, so we can take a look at those.

Mayor Burt: I can say one of them is whether interior vehicle parking that's
not for customers or employees is supposed to be exempt from FAR. That
wasn't my memory. When I see his reference to our Muni Code, it confirms
what my recollection was. Is that the case?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was sort of hoping to ...

Mayor Burt: I'm trying to help speed it along.

Mr. Lait: This is going to take us a few minutes to review it.

Mayor Burt: If it's not, then Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I have the same question about the FAR issues.
When I was reviewing the plans, I had those same questions. Lighting
impacts, yes, there are sheets in the plans, but it's very hard—I've looked at
a lot of plans over the years, but I cannot tell the impact of lighting from
these plans. There's even kind of a psychedelic kind of drawing, but it
doesn't tell me what the scatter is of the lighting, nor does it tell me what
the intensity of the lighting is. The only reference to intensity that I found,
that I can understand as a layperson, is that it's less than what a typical car
dealership would have. Can Staff tell us how we can understand the lighting
impacts?

Mr. Lait: I'll just buy a little air time here while Sheldon is taking a look at
the list of questions related to the floor area.          I do know that the
Architectural Review Board did spend a considerable amount of time looking
at the lighting plan at the last meeting. In fact, it was one of the three
things that they focused on in detail. I might suggest—I don't have the plan
in front of me, but we can ask perhaps Vice Chair Lew, who did look at those
details, to respond to that. I could also—Sheldon could probably also
respond to it to, except I've got him tied up now looking at these questions
that we haven't seen until just moments ago.

Council Member Holman: I actually would like to hear from, through the
Mayor, Vice Chair Lew and also give him the opportunity to make any other
comments that he might like to make. It's also incumbent on the Council to
have that information so we can evaluate it in addition to the ARB.

James Keene, City Manager: If I just might add, just real quick. I know
we've had four or five public hearings on this item. First we've seen of this.
I just would put this out there. We've been here since 5:00 P.M. tonight.
                                                                            Page 98 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
