                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: No, we did not look at that. I am pretty sure they'd be able to at
least build 5,000 and probably more.

Mayor Burt: With all the other requirements?

Mr. Lait: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: Setbacks, parking.

Mr. Lait: As an independently developed parcel, separate from the CN,
parking would be the rub there, because then you'd have to provide the
parking. That would be the limiting factor.

Mayor Burt: What are the setbacks on that? The adjacent is residential. Is
that correct?

Mr. Lait: I think there's a Stanford medical facility adjacent to it. We're
looking at setbacks now. A 10-foot setback in the rear, and 0-12 ... Again
the parking would be the limiting factor, because you wouldn't be able to do
a subterranean garage with a 50-foot width. If you did, it'd be very difficult
to design that as an isolated parcel.

Mayor Burt: Anything turn up on this question about whether there is a
requirement for common open space?

Ms. Gerhardt: There is no specific requirement for common open space.
The Code requires usable open space, and the definition of that is very
generic as far as just balconies and decks and things of that nature.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time, we'd like to go on to hear from the
applicant. The applicant has up to 10 minutes to speak. Welcome.

Galen Ma, ECRPA, Inc.: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Galen
Ma; I represent the development team.

Mayor Burt: I guess since it's going to take a few minutes to copy a large
presentation, let's begin to hear from members of the public, and then we'll
return to the applicant. Our first speaker is Paul Machado, to be followed by
Doria Summa. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 7:58 P.M.

Paul Machado: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council. This proposed
project worsens the jobs/housing ratio, decreases potential retail space and
relies on pending TDM. It will increase traffic congestion, reduce parking in
an already highly impact area. As a lifelong Evergreen Park resident, I am
                                                                       Page 35 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
