                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: The company has not provided those details, but that is
something that could come into play in the future if we don't reach a
cooperative resolution.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sure I knew at one point, but I forgot. What
are the other nonconforming uses at CPI? What are their potential options
in 2052?

Ms. Gitelman: There are Tier 2 uses in Building 1 and Building 1A. Those
are buildings closer to El Camino Real on the CPI site. Under the terms of
this ordinance, they would have until 2052, effectively the end of CPI's
lease, to move those uses at least 300 feet away. Those uses could not be
intensified. Someone has asked me, for example, could you take the stuff
that's in the plating shop and move it over here into Building 1 and achieve
some results that way. The uses as they exist in Building 1 and Building 1A
could not be intensified, but they would not have to be relocated under this
ordinance until after 2052.

Council Member DuBois: Just so I understand, you're saying come 2052
they would basically have to shift everything, maybe create a new building
further away or ...

Ms. Gitelman: It was not our belief that they could effectively move what's
in Building 1 and 1A onsite and remain in operation.            We used the
amortization schedule that CPI itself put forth in that study. That's the 2052
date.

Council Member DuBois: You said that was Tier 3 or Tier 2?

Ms. Gitelman: No, they're Tier 2.

Council Member DuBois: Last question for Molly. I probably should have
asked earlier, but I just noticed it. In 18.70.70, in the new ordinance,
there's talk about the 18—it's on page 14.

Mayor Burt: Page what?

Council Member DuBois: 267 of the packet. In 18.70.70 Clause 2, I guess
we added this: unless the site-specific schedule is prepared. I don't see
anywhere where we say what happens when a schedule is prepared.

Ms. Stump: What that language change will do is to default to whatever the
specific study is over the sort of baseline default non-specific provision in the
ordinance itself. In the case of CPI, for example, where there has been a
site-specific study, this would make clear what we believe was always the

                                                                          Page 29 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
