                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: That may very well be where I come out on that. It all
really depends on what the diversion takes and what that means we won't
do. I think it's really hard in a vacuum to answer that question. I also think
your other question was should we protect and adapt. I think the answer to
that is fairly easy. Depending on the circumstances, we should use all of the
tools available to us in an appropriate manner, including ones where you
allow flooding, which is part of the adapt. The flooding goes out, and it's all
fine. I wanted to add on the ecotone that BCDC is spending a lot of time
actually in their Bay fill working group to determine what legislation they're
actually going to propose to allow them to issue permits to fill the Bay to
create those ecotone things in a more expedited manner. I think a lot of
really smart people are working on simplifying the regulatory process. BCDC
clearly recognizes that it can't take six years to do these kind of permitting.
What they want to do is to make sure they have a streamlined process so
that we can adapt to rising tides. I think us waiting a little bit also may
actually make all that come clearer, frankly, in the next year or two, in
probably the next 24 months. I don't think it's a long wait, but I think it will
actually provide a better toolbox to how to resolve this as a regional issue.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. We talk a lot about protect and
adapt. Do you foresee any role—we didn't talk about retreating at all. Do
you foresee any role for that at all or is it sort of an all-or-nothing thing? If
we're going to protect this stuff, then there's no point in anybody else
moving away or doing "don't build over there" kind of things. Is that part of
the mix or in practice is that not relevant?

Mr. Bobel: I think retreat is part of the mix in the long term view. We don't
actually have to retreat from anything right now, so why would you do that
right now? Twenty years from now ...

Council Member Filseth: The corollary is should you build over there or not.
I think that's part of the retreat equation you're talking about, right?

Mr. Bobel: Mm-hmm. You mean build a new structure or something? Yeah,
right. That'd be one reason for having some Zoning or Building Code
requirements, to prevent any bigger problem than we already have.

Council Member Filseth: If we're going to protect something, we're probably
not going to move the water treatment plant. If you're somewhere near the
water treatment plant, is it irrelevant because it's going to be protected?

Mr. Bobel: You could certainly make that argument. We tried to find an
example for you of retreating. We chose a couple of different City facilities,
                                                                         Page 17 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
