                          TRANSCRIPT
items require additional discussion. Other activities that City Staff would like
to implement include conducting rolling reviews of school commute sheds
and updating the Walk and Roll Maps in 3-5 years. It is a department
priority to fully staff the Safe Routes to School program so we can expand
our activities and continue our important work.          Thank you for your
attention. I welcome your questions and comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Colleagues, questions or comments?           Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Sylvia and Sue-Ellen, thank you very much for the
update. I was just curious. Are you going to do this presentation to the
School Board at all?

Ms. Star-Lack: I would like to.

Council Member DuBois: I think it would be great if you could. Cory and I
are on our City School Committee. Our most recent meeting was all about
transportation. I think it would be particularly timely if you could.

Ms. Star-Lack: Every year we have an agenda item for that Committee, so
yes.

Council Member DuBois: Not for the Committee, but for the whole School
Board.

Ms. Star-Lack: Sure, absolutely.

Council Member DuBois: We have a large bubble of students moving from
middle school into high school. Over the next several years, I think the high
schools are going to get a little bit larger. There was a lot of discussion
particularly about Paly, which is going to go up to 2,400 students, and
they're losing parking with new construction. You guys have done an
awesome job, and we're going to have to really be on it to get even more
high schoolers, I think, using alternate transportation. One of the things we
talked about was trying to see if we could change the way the high schools
allocate passes. At Paly, I believe it's just a random lottery where it'd be
nice if they gave priority to carpools and people that live further away.
There seemed to be a fair amount of agreement on that, also the two School
Board Members. It might be something to follow up on. The last comment I
just had was we're talking about updating our shuttle in general. I'd really
like to see you guys involved from a Safe Routes to School perspective,
looking at making sure the routes align with the start of school and
potentially more shuttle routes going past schools during those times.
There's a lot of focus on bikes, but a shuttle would be great as well.
                                                                          Page 5 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
