                          TRANSCRIPT
inconsistent with any rate impact to customers for carbon neutrality; and
then communicate with the current voluntary program participants to let
them know that that program would be terminating. That concludes Staff's
comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before hearing from members of the public, we
can ask technical questions of Staff. Does anyone wish to kick this off?
Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me ask the question—I was just searching
through my emails and see if I could find some of the inquiries that came in,
dealing in particular with offsets. I think offsets are not well understood.
Maybe you can go into that a little further. As somebody wrote, if I could
find the exact quote, doesn't this really excuse somebody else in some other
part of the world for what may be happening there? I think offsets are not—
as I said, I've not clearly understood. I see your examples. I just want to
hear it in everyday language.

Ms. Dailey: An offset excuses what is happening in Palo Alto by reducing
greenhouse gas emissions somewhere else. That's the concept of an offset.

Council Member Kniss: Can you go a little further in that?

Ms. Dailey:    If there's a project somewhere else that is preventing
greenhouse gases from entering the atmosphere, then natural gas can be
burned here instead. The example that I gave of a dairy farm preventing
methane from going into the air generates an offset. We purchase that
offset in—TerraPass is a pretty well-known offset program that you may
remember. They had a lot of popularity a few years ago where people would
buy offsets from TerraPass to compensate for the gasoline burning in their
vehicle and put a TerraPass bumper sticker on the back of their car. Same
concept.

James Keene, City Manager: Council Member Kniss, could I jump in? Just
since you asked that.

Council Member Kniss: Please. There are those that think this is a feel-
good kind of option instead of a real option.

Mr. Keene: I'm just giving my perspective on it. It's more of a layperson's
perspective. Some folks may agree or not agree. One simple way to think
about it is for each one of us, say, air travel is one of the most carbon
intensive things that we do. I can fly some place, and I could buy an offset
that would in a sense green-up the trip that I took. That being said, the
airplane I was flying in was still putting carbon all into the atmosphere. This
                                                                         Page 18 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
