                          TRANSCRIPT
This refers to plant materials and is a nomenclature in the industry of
landscape architecture. It does here cite the preference for California
natives to indicate that preference there in blue on the screen. Finally, with
Finding 6, there was the elimination of sensible design at the Council as far
as that phrase. In the ARB and Planning Commission process following that,
green building requirements was a phrase that was eliminated as being
redundant. That concludes Staff's presentation.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director: I'll
just add that for the majority of our major projects that would go to ARB,
there's still the Context Based Design Criteria that every project still gets
evaluated to, which adds another 16 or so evaluation criteria. Commissioner
Tanaka from the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) is in the
audience, if there's any questions regarding the Commission's deliberations
on the matter.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Berman, you have questions? I
just want to make sure I'm looking at the Motion from the Council. What
Page was that on?

Mr. Lait: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: The very last Page of the Staff Report?

Ms. French:    The proposal is that Council adopt the draft Ordinance,
Attachment A, modifying the Architectural Review Findings. You're seeking
the Motion from April 11th. That would be on Page 2 of the Staff Report. It
says what happened there at the Council.

Mayor Burt: I'm looking at Finding 5, and it's not looking like what I put into
Motion language. I wanted to see what the actual language of the Motion
was. While you proceed, I'll try to look at that. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. One of the challenges that I've had
with the AR guidelines has been—I think one of the challenges everyone has
had with them is the subjectivity, which is kind of inherent in architecture.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Berman: Exactly. There's this addition on D2c of is
compatible with its setting. Just very simple, five words that I don't
understand. Is there any sort of—it's on Packet Page 305, D2c. In the Staff
presentation there's a little explanation of it, but I still don't really
understand. Is there more definition of what that means or is that the kind


                                                                        Page 82 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
