                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I'm sorry, can you say that one more time?

Mr. Lait: We don't have any prescribed standards. I believe that we have a
plant palette or a mix of plants that we believe to be appropriate. When I
look at desirable, I think it's from the City's perspective. If there's a plant
palette or type of planting that we're looking to have, it's from that lens that
we would be looking at the desirability, not necessarily from the applicant's
idea of what would be desirable.

Council Member Berman: If I'm an applicant, how do I know that what I'm
proposing is going to meet the City's kind of expectations?

Mr. Lait: I think that's where we look to the other part of the finding.
Something for the Council to consider is whether we need the word
"suitable" or "desirable," and just have it read "the landscape design is
integrated and compatible with the building and surrounding area." That
may not be what the Motion maker's ...

Mayor Burt:    When I speak, I'm going to have some suggested wording
changes.

Council Member Berman: Sounds like there will be some suggestions. Is
this covering the bottom of "6"? Sorry. Is everything covered—yes, it was.
Sorry. Thanks guys. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much to the Staff and the ARB
for everything that went into this. Also, thank you, Council Member Holman,
for offering these amendments. I am, at initial glance, very sympathetic to
the proposed changes offered by Council Member Holman, but I'm also
interested in improving the process by which we approve these.               I'm
wondering if we might want to send this with these changes for a quick
glance by ARB as well as Staff. I also wanted to check. I forgot to ask
whether our Chief Sustainability Officer and his department had weighed in
specifically on the stuff here about sustainability and materials, design and
efficiency. If not, I guess I would—I'll hear thoughts from Staff first, but I'm
inclined to after that offer a friendly amendment to have Sustainability Staff,
Planning, Legal Staff and the ARB just take a look at this. I do think there
are a lot of changes here, and it's substantially different from what the ARB
has already looked at. I would just like to get them to sign off on these
changes. They might have a couple of word tweaks that would just improve
it. I am largely sympathetic to these changes offered.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.
                                                                          Page 28 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
