                          TRANSCRIPT

problem in that first go-round but we want to fix permanently. For instance,
we'll probably have to think through what's going to happen more on
whether medical office is a problematic exemption or not really. I do have
both feedback and concurrence with some of my colleagues that the scoring
should be weighted differently. I see some things that really either look a
bit misplaced in the category or are maybe repetitious. For instance, under
"1a," we have the density of the development, and then in the context of
underlying zoning and the site surroundings and under "2c" we have
compatibility with surroundings and overall—separately the architectural
quality. I think I'm fine with moving the density part under compatibility
and have one concentrate on traffic and parking, which was really the
number one concern. Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can just interject. The criterion that are listed in that first
column are directly from the ordinance, so that's, if I’m not mistaken, actual
ordinance language that we would have to change if you wanted to alter the
criteria.

Mayor Burt: This is the first cut we're seeing at the ordinance, right? Yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, no. We passed the ordinance (crosstalk). This is
just the Administrative Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: Sorry. I don't think a nominal variance or exception is
anywhere near as important as a traffic impact, for instance. I think that we
should have a higher scoring for traffic and parking impacts, whether they're
30 or 40 points, I don't know. That was probably our highest concern. I'll
offer also a concern that we—if I understand it, it's kind of a binary scoring.
They either get the 20 points or they don't. Is that the way you have this
set up?

Ms. Gitelman: No. Our thought was that projects would get different
scores, because these criteria each have qualitative aspects to them. Some
project could be high and some could be low.

Mayor Burt: For instance, under "1b" where you talk about traffic projects
that would get points if they would not result in significant traffic impacts, I
think we need qualitative language that says they'll get more points for the
least impact. They don't get any points unless they are low impact.

Ms. Gitelman: That point is well taken from a variety of Council Members. I
understand.

                                                                           Page 62 of 91
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/8/16
