                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: You want Scenarios 5 and 6 consider necessarily using that. Is
that correct? We're contrasting it to Scenarios 1-4 where we aren't saying
that specifically.

Council Member Wolbach: My hope was not to mess with 1-4, and that's
why I'm only talking about 5 and 6.

Mayor Burt: That's what I'm saying. By saying 5 and 6, if they currently
are not—Hillary, that's a question of what's the baseline on 1-4. What do we
assume about the use of coordinated area plans in Scenarios 1-4?

Ms. Gitelman: I think this is a good example of something we really won't
be able to unbundle from the scenarios. It's descriptive of more planning
process. Obviously a coordinate area plan would have to be developed with
specific policies and regulations, and it would require its own environmental
review. Including it in one or more of the scenarios might state the
Council's intention, but it's not going to really change the results, as we
talked about earlier.

Mayor Burt: I'm trying to see language that would capture Council Member
Wolbach's intent and distinguish it. If it's being distinguished from what we
do otherwise ...

Council Member Wolbach: You know what? Based on what I just heard
from the Planning Director, since it wouldn't have a tremendous impact on
the EIR, perhaps we should just apply it across the board just like the PC
zoning district provisions being reformed is applied across the board. It's a
stylistic thing. I think this is the appropriate time to mention it, if we want
to see it included. Having the tool available doesn't necessarily mean we'll
have more housing, less housing, more jobs, less jobs. It's just a question
of how we approach having those conversations in the future. Maybe we
should just do all scenarios.

Mayor Burt: I might have it become "B." You're basically wanting to have
all of the scenarios ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible) looked at those. Haven't they done the EIR
(crosstalk).

Ms. Gitelman: If I can interject on that, Mayor Burt? We're not at this point
planning to go back and rewrite the descriptions of the earlier scenarios. If
there's a desire to have this somewhere in the record, I would suggest
choose 5 or 6 or both 5 and 6.



                                                                         Page 67 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
