                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Can you clarify that we're not talking about producing the
recycled water at 450, but that would be a blended TDS. Correct?

Ms. North: Correct. We take the Advance Purified Water, if we put in a
Reverse Osmosis (RO) system, and then we blend it with our existing
recycled water to get a TDS for recycled water quality purple pipeline to 450
plus or minus 50. That's our goal. It's looking at how do we improve our
existing recycled water quality for our existing customers. Also Mountain
View is trying to get more customers online. The most challenging part for
them is the TDS. Also that's the concern for Stanford Research Park as well.
That's our goal. It's a Feasibility Study, so it's not building, it's not
construction. It's just looking at what is feasible, what are the alternatives
available out there, how do we deal with brine disposal. There's a lot of
other things that go into just treating the water. As you can see, Phase
One, we already have recycled water at Greer Park and our golf course.
Phase Two is already built; that's down to Mountain View and to the Google
and Intuit area. Phase 3 was to get to Stanford Research Park. We've only
done the environmental documentation for Phase 3. Part of the next RFP
what was just released, the Recycled Water Strategic Plan and Groundwater
Indirect Potable Reuse Studies will include a Phase 3 business plan, looking
at trying to get funding, and looking at does this make sense in the cost
perspective. That's part of that RFP. I'm the main contract manager for it,
but the Utilities folks will be in charge of those sections of Phase 3
expansion. These are some of the deliverables for the Recycled Water
Strategic Planning effort. The RFP was just released last week, so we are on
schedule at this point in time. We're not anticipating either to come to
Council either late June or after you guys come back from recess in August
to get this contract approved. We are also still working on negotiating with
the Water District on how much they're going to fund. There's a lot of
negotiations going on right now. At least we've released the RFP. We don't
know how much exactly it's going to cost. We're anticipating maybe $1-$1.5
million. These are some of the items that we're anticipating the major
deliverables. The Phase 3recycled water expansion, the business plan, the
preliminary design and the funding plan.          That was based on your
recommendation in September. You wanted us to get an updated business
plan, updated cost figures; we're working on that. Also, looking at the
possibility of indirect potable reuse. If we end up doing this Advance Water
Purification System within Palo Alto, right our feasibility studies only look at
currently improving the recycled water quality for purple pipe. We also want
to look at is there an option for indirect potable reuse within Palo Alto.
That's part of the Study as well. These are all things we just don't know, we
don't have the information for.         We're also looking at a conceptual
groundwater motor as well. This is in partnership with the Water District
which is why we're hoping that they'll be funding a good portion of this RFP.
                                                                         Page 58 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
