                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We had a Closed Session item, and we have a reportable action
in the case of potential litigation against the City of Palo Alto by Gilles
Boccon-Gibod, Claim Number C16-0026. The Action is a settlement of this
claim in the amount of $59,434.42. (7-0 Burt, Filseth absent)

Special Orders of the Day

2.    Proclamation of the City Council Honoring Robert Kelley.

Mayor Burt: At this time, we'll move on to our second item, which is a
Special Order of the Day, a Proclamation of the City Council honoring Robert
Kelley. We have a second Proclamation, I believe, that Senator Simitian will
be providing. Thank you. First, maybe I'll read the City's Proclamation and
then ask Supervisor Simitian to come forward and speak to his. [Mayor Burt
read the Proclamation into the record.] Mr. Kelley, before we invite you up,
we'd like to ask Supervisor Simitian to come forward.

Joe Simitian, County Supervisor:        Thank you, Mr. Mayor.      Thank you,
members of the Council. I would be here under any set of circumstances to
express my appreciation and the appreciation of 1,918,044 Santa Clara
County residents for the extraordinary benefit that TheatreWorks and Kelley
himself have shared with us over these 46 years.               It really is an
extraordinary thing. To have the vision is one thing. To engage scores,
hundreds of thousands of folks to work with you in realizing that vision is
another. To then fully realize the vision is still a step beyond. To be able to
carry that forward for 46 years with never so much as a hint or a suggestion
that it has become old or tired or routine is really just extraordinary. As I
say, I have a real sense of appreciation that I want to convey by my
presence here tonight and, of course, the obligatory Proclamation that goes
with it. I also want to express my admiration for the individual work that
has been multiplied, as I said, through the good works of so many others
that Kelley has been able to enlist over the course of the 46 years. As I say,
I would be here under any set of circumstances, but as I listen to you
describe the early days of TheatreWorks, I should perhaps note one of the
reasons I'm here is because in the summer of 1970 I was the stage manager
for TheatreWorks' first production called Popcorn. Yet, they prospered. I
want to tell you that if you're privileged with somebody like Kelley, you will
learn a great deal. One of the things I learned—it has stood me in good
stead—is that it is possible to be both rigorous and mellow at the same time.
That knowing laugh you hear is from all of the people who have worked with
Kelley over these 46 years. Being a stage manager, which I had never done
before and have never done since, is a little bit like being an air traffic
controller. Largely because he didn't have any choice, Kelley trusted some
17-year-old kid off the street to be the stage manager for his first show in

                                                                         Page 2 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
