                          TRANSCRIPT
source, the Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant.               I co-invented and
commercialized the steam-injected gas turbine for combined heat and
power, at the time the most fuel efficient means of converting fossil fuel into
useful heat and work. I led the development and commercialization and sale
of utility-scale solar power, supervising projects on three continents. I'm the
founder and president of Pintail Power, which is revolutionizing the storage
of renewable power at the largest scales. I'm a professional engineer
licensed in the state of California and a spouse of Utility Advisory
Commissioner Judith Schwartz. Despite my qualifications, I'm speaking as a
resident of Palo Alto for nearly 35 years. Think globally, act locally. That's
the mantra of effective environmental leadership. This measure really turns
this mantra inside out. First of all, biogas is virtually the same as natural
gas. Any biogas we would procure under this measure or other measures
will come out of the same pipeline as before without actually changing
greenhouse gases locally within Palo Alto. Globally, this measure would not
create a market for biogas, because that market already exists. There's a
dire shortage of biogas, and all we could do is worsen that shortage and
drive up prices still more. You already know that the price of biogas is
unaffordable. As a compromise, we're considering offsets, but offsets will
not reduce local fossil fuel emissions. Offsets will not reduce fugitive
emissions of methane as the gas production, transmission and distribution
infrastructure is unchanged. This measure is about thinking locally while
hoping that global action occurs. Instead Palo Alto needs to again take
action locally, take leadership locally, and that's things like increasing
electrification, teams to go after fugitive emissions from all the accessible
natural gas joints in the City, teams working with Fire and Building and
Utilities to go after inside building fugitive emissions. Let's set up a program
to get people more efficient appliances, and let's keep the existing opt-in
program for people who want to do this while we go about the real work of
solving this problem. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Frank Wasku to be followed by Bruce Hodge.

Frank Wasku:      Good evening, Honorable Mayor and distinguished City
Council Members. I am Frank Wasku, Director of Programs for the Clean
Coalition. The Clean Coalition is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to
accelerate the transition to renewable energy and a modern grid through
technical, policy and project development expertise.          We, the Clean
Coalition, support the Carbon Neutral Natural Gas Plan that has been
recommended by the Finance Committee and Staff. The Clean Coalition will
also encourage that Council direct Staff to investigate possibilities for using
the collected funds for local electrification measures. As you probably know,
the Clean Coalition is keen to facilitate local solutions. While the proposed
Carbon Neutral Natural Gas Plan relies on remote offsets at the start, Council
                                                                          Page 32 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
