                          TRANSCRIPT
lean a little bit that way. If you guys want to continue this discussion and
flesh it out some more, I think that's useful. I think you raise a very good
point.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I've raised my concerns. I think that
when we do our next check-in and we come back to this next year, I think
this will be one of the things that we look at again. I put it in the record.

Council Member Schmid: Any other additions, comments, changes? Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry, I know we want to go home. Just a
couple of things. I think it's really on us as Council for new projects,
particularly Downtown, that they come with very strong TDMs, that we're
not contributing more to this unparked problem. Again, I think that we need
to make sure that businesses in new buildings with strong TDMs, maybe
they aren't allowed to purchase permits. If they commit to being fully
parked, maybe they need to show that they stay that way. I also think we
need to work with our business community to really look at private parking
spots and see if those could be rented, if they're not being used. I think
we're going to need to leverage all the spots we have. The last point, I do
hope we make the purchasing process for permits easier and perhaps get to
a point where we have vending machines or things where we don't always
need to go to City Hall, but that's down the road.

Council Member Schmid: Let me ask a follow-up question, a legal question.
City Attorney, when we had 429 University come to us, they came and said
they had a credit for 37 parking spaces because of their payments into the
Parking Assessment District. That number, 37, comes from the final report
that actually had 9,150 parking spaces. Does that mean in the future, the
next time a projects comes in the Downtown and they claim a credit that
they are automatically given those credits? Since they're not available in the
garages or the Downtown, push it out into the neighborhood. Are we in
control of future requests from Downtown businesses?

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member Schmid. Not speaking specifically
to the 429 but to the City's development standards and the parking
requirements as expressed in the Zoning Code. The spaces that each
property has allocated to it as having been paid for in the Assessment
District do run with the land and run with that property. That future
development on the property then builds on that base of spaces, and
additional square footage then is required to be parking is either required to
be built onsite, provided adjacent, or In-lieu Fees paid according to the
schedule that we have in our Zoning Code. The answer to your question in

                                                                        Page 61 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
