                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: The question then is how might that affect this
contract or how would we provide direction to Staff related to this contract?

Ms. Stump: The way the scope is drafted is very typical. Staff works closely
with consultants to provide ongoing direction. They will do that carrying out
your direction to the extent you've provided detail on a particular item. You
could approve this contract that provides for the work hours to be available
for the consultant to move forward on this part of the EIR, and then give
that policy direction on what you want that to look like under the Comp Plan
land use item.

Council Member Holman: One last question. If there are then amendments
that would be required to the contract because of our land use discussion,
Item Number 10, then how would we bring that up or address that?

Ms. Stump: We wouldn't put that level of detail into a scope of work in a
contract. I don't think you—the scope of work as drafted doesn't provide for
it to do either thing, either the way that the Director has described it or …

Mayor Burt: Let me offer what I would envision and see if Staff concurs.
Under Item 10, if we gave this clarification, then if it is true that it would
alter the cost of the contract, then Staff would have to come back with a
contract amendment at a subsequent time.

Mr. Keene: That's the way it should be done.

Council Member Holman: Final, final question then is could we, because it's
not agendized, direct that as part of the land use discussion for Item
Number 10?

Mr. Keene: If I might add. I think you read an excerpt from the Staff
Report that we would incorporate numbers as part of this analysis.
Presumably under Number 10 you may have some discussion and give us
some additional new direction, which would inform the numbers that we
would work with the consultant on. We either go back with the consultant
and we're able to accommodate it and negotiate it within the scope of work
of the contract as it is right now or we'd get some information from the
consultant and we'd find out what that would be and we'd have to come
back with an amendment. There's no way we can do this on the fly tonight.

Mayor Burt: Let me add that I'm not sure that I follow Director Gitelman's
reasoning that this would be some significant change for the consultant.
What we'd be doing is having the Scenario 6 look at a moderately fewer
number of jobs than it's currently looking at. I don't understand why that
would have a significant impact on their scope of work or the environmental
                                                                       Page 14 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
