                         TRANSCRIPT
does the City need to be doing to—how far and what's the balance that
needs to be made on height. There wasn't consensus, but there was a good
clarification of what some of the issues are and how those choices work and
what they do in terms of maybe promoting retail or promoting more housing
and where might they take place. For those options where there is an
increase, nobody wanted it everywhere. People said if we're going to
increase housing, we need to be increasing it near services and near
transportation, and we need to have a good reason for doing it. Those
options are in the Plan. Another major issue. There was a desire—
Ms. Gitelman will go into this more—to have less office growth, quite a bit
less office growth, and more housing. There were different techniques that
are called for in the Plan including increasing residential in mixed-use
designations. Instead of the traditional mixed retail and office, there would
be more retail and residential. That's a creative idea. There was quite a bit
of discussion of basements. I know you had a discussion under the S/CAP of
the issues with basements and groundwater. They're all the way through
the Comp Plan in different elements. In this element, which is the Land Use
Element, there's really a focus on should basements be counted in the FAR,
should they have greater setbacks. There's a number of land use issues
with basements. There was also a desire by the CAC, knowing that adoption
of the Comp Plan will take time, that the CAC really look—I know you are—
at the issues of basements before the Comp Plan is all completed. That was
a really key thing. There was also issues of coordinated area plans and
parkland acquisition that were discussed at length. Again, we had on the
housing affordability, referring to the housing that is affordable, making it
broader than just below market rate housing that would meet some criteria.
Also, adding new programs to address and monitor displacement, that was a
big change in this update. Again, the options for height. That's kind of an
overview of some of the key issues, the areas of agreement. Where there
wasn't agreement, there are clear options. One of the major topics is
nonresidential growth management. Ms. Gitelman is going to take over on
that part.

Ms. Gitelman: Thanks, Elaine. Just before I get into this really complex
subject, I wanted to extend my thanks to the CAC. Some of the members
are here today.     They really put a tremendous effort into this topic
particularly. I would say most of the meetings of the full CAC and the
subcommittee on the Land Use Element focused on this question of how do
we regulate or manage nonresidential growth in the City over the next 15
years. As Elaine mentioned, there were areas of agreement and areas
where there was not agreement. Early on, the committee decided they
weren't going to take votes and present the Council with majority and
minority opinions. What they wanted to do instead is really help you in your
decision-making process by outlining the options as they saw them.
                                                                      Page 56 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/28/16
