                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: The guidance on the permanent Ordinance, I don't think we'd
be attempting to give explicit guidance but greater direction to Staff on
where we want to head. We haven't visited this in over a year on where
we're thinking we want to head on the permanent Ordinance. If there is
certain guidance on the direction of the permanent Ordinance without trying
to specify what it would be, I think that would be useful to Staff. That's a
more broad stroke direction. Then, perhaps we could consider tonight
something a little more explicit if there are readily doable changes to the
Interim Ordinance that aren't going to involve a bunch of Staff work. We
could consider that tonight, and then ultimately we have a waiver before us.

Council Member Holman: I think Hillary may have a question about that.

Ms. Gitelman: I guess I was just going to second what the Mayor was
suggesting. I guess we're hoping that we don't have to amend the interim
Ordinance. Because it has so little time left, that time would be best spent
focusing on the permanent Ordinance. We would be happy if the Council
would indicate their support for prioritizing Downtown, and then permanent
protections for ground-floor retail in other areas of the City with some lesser
standard than economic hardship for consideration of a conversion approval.
That's kind of where we thought the Council was interested in going. If you
are, that's the kind of direction that would be helpful for us to prioritize our
resources over the next six months.

Council Member Holman: I don't know that we're heading different places.
I think we just may be having some verbiage issues here. I'm not sure that
we're heading different places, I don't think.

Mayor Burt: Why don't you go ahead and proceed, attempting to frame it
within that context.

Council Member Holman: Speaking of framing, let me go to Packet Page
283. This is the Ordinance 5325. It's "G" I want to refer to, just so we don't
forget how we ended up where we are. It talks about the loss—this is "G" at
the bottom of Page 283.           It talks about the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Association’s (VTA's) congestion management plan indicated
that approximately 70,000 square feet of retail-type uses were lost in Palo
Alto from the period 2008 to May 2015. There may have been more than
that, because not everything requires discretionary approval. I actually am
looking for, yes, I would support Staff going ahead and working on a
Downtown Ordinance. For me, I would like to see the interim Ordinance
continued in a permanent Ordinance. I'm actually in a different place than
Staff. I still think the hardship should be the threshold. We have seen in
this community many times how property owners hold out for a year for the

                                                                        Page 72 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
