                          TRANSCRIPT
A.    Adopt a Mitigated Negative Declaration and Mitigation Monitoring and
      Reporting Program; and

B.    Adopt an Ordinance adding the Automobile Dealership (AD) combining
      district to the subject property; and

C.    Approve an application for a Site and Design and Architectural Review
      for the construction of a new automobile dealership; and

D.    Approve an application for a Design Enhancement Exception for
      deviation from the ‘build-to’ setback along Embarcadero and Bayshore
      Roads; and

E.    Require the building be bird safe.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak further to your Motion?             Vice Mayor
Scharff, your second?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did want to speak to it. I actually thought the Staff
Report was really good. I was listening to Council Member Holman's
comments. As she was making the comments, I was looking in the Staff
Report for answers. I first of all noticed that on Page 7, Packet Page 564,
we talked about the Baylands Site Assessment and Design Guidelines, how
they met that. The Baylands General Design Principles, I won't go through it
all. It then talked about the scenic corridor. Below that it talked about
views from the scenic corridor. We also talked about if—where did I see it?
Somewhere in the Staff Report, it talks about how by pushing the building
back from Embarcadero, we mitigate the height. Somewhere else it says if
you look at it from somewhere—I guess it was down the (inaudible). When
it talked about the ARB stuff, I actually thought it was much more articulate
than what I'm saying at midnight.          I thought the Staff Report really
identified the height issue and talked about how it's been mitigated
according to that. That was really good. I think the other thing is it's—the
ARB did a good job by going through it by four. I think the building got
better and better. I'm not going to repeat the comments of Council Member
DuBois, but I agree with what he said on that. I also think that it's next to
the Honda and Audi dealership. When you create these auto rows, you
strengthen all the dealerships in town. If we don't approve this, we weaken
the dealerships in town. If you lose one, you're likely—you'll be down to one
dealership. You'd probably lose all of them. Auto dealerships pay $1 million
a year for each of them. I don't know what the other two are, but if it just
roughly was, that's a significant amount of money coming into the City. I
think it's important to think about this in a holistic way and say to ourselves
                                                                          Page 119 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
