                         TRANSCRIPT
year. Finally, we'll have a brief discussion of setting breaks for the year.
That's the rough overview of the day.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Before we begin with the first agendized item, we have an
opportunity for Oral Communications [video malfunction] to consolidate their
comments, members of the public, so that we can have as much of the day
as possible for the actual exercise. There will be opportunities on each
agendized item. I have one speaker. Bob, are you sure this is not otherwise
on the agenda? Okay. Bob Moss.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. You have a lot
of items to discuss today, but there's one item that's not specifically
mentioned but is quite serious and significant and it has been for decades,
going back to the '70s. That's the jobs/housing imbalance. As you know,
Palo Alto's had an imbalance, something on the order of 2 to 2 1/2 times as
many workers as we have people that live here who are working age. What
this does is it creates the usual problems of traffic, parking, congestion and
a huge impulse to build more office space and retail space and commercial
space to house all the workers. I think that we have basically an insoluble
[sic] problem, because one of the things that's been happening over the
years, you probably have noticed it. Six or seven years ago, the assumption
was it was 250 square feet per office worker. A reasonable number today is
closer to 80 or 90 square feet. With office rents being as high as they are,
the City's paying almost $7.50 a square foot for the office space across from
City Hall. It's very high. The impulse is for the property owners and the
businesses to cram as many people in as they can which worsens the
job/housing imbalance. How do we get around it? One of the things we can
look at—it's on your master plan, Item 23—is the shuttle expansion. About
a quarter of the people who live in Palo Alto work in Palo Alto. Once upon a
time, Palo Alto had its own bus system. When we first moved to Palo Alto,
we were living on Moffett Circle, and there was a bus that ran right past the
house on Greer. When VTA took it over, they eliminated most of those lines.
We don't have an adequate transit system in Palo Alto. You're talking about
expanding the shuttles. I think that should be a very high priority. I think
you should look at how people work, where they live, where they shop and
put in a shuttle system that really serves the residents and takes them to
where they need to go. That's the only way you're going to have any impact
on traffic and parking. As for the jobs/housing imbalance, I don't think
there's an answer. The only possibility—I think it's illegal—would be to have
a legal restriction on the number of workers per square foot. If that was
legal, if the City Attorney says yes, you can do that, that would be
something to look at seriously. Otherwise, we're in trouble.
                                                                          Page 2 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
