                         TRANSCRIPT
and the Managers of those facilities practically had a heart attack, so we
don't have an example for you of where we might suggest retreating, with
the possible exception of something like the new Boardwalk. Although we're
designing and building a new Boardwalk, would it be the end of the world?
Would we raise it up 20 feet? No, because that would be foolish. Who's
going to walk out if it's under water. That is one example I can throw out to
you where retreating as an ultimate strategy makes sense. We don't have
to retreat right now, but neither would we design it such that it would work
even with sea level rise.

Ms. Struve: One more thing to add. The alignments that you see in that
map already retreat, the ranger station. There are several facilities that are
outside of that bound, so retreat is definitely in play.

Council Member Filseth: It seems like there's a relationship between that
issue and one which is going to be one of the very, very hardest challenges
here. It's not just the cost per se, because I think we all assume it's going
to be really, really expensive to deal with. Who's going to pay for it? It
seems to me that needs to be part of a City policy on sea level rise, who's
going to pay for it. If it's going to be people that are sort of in those
locations as opposed to everybody else or whether it's Federal money or
something like that, this is going to take decades and decades and decades
to pay. If we're going to have assessment districts and, dare I say, levies
for levees and so forth, it seems like that's got to be in place pretty soon,
because it's going to take us a long time to pay for it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you, and thank you for bringing this
forward. A lot of the questions have been asked. I'll try to keep this fairly
brief. Thank you, and Joe, you can't retire. We can vote on that, and I can
tell you how the vote would come out, I'm pretty sure. The question has
been asked about financial, blah, blah, blah. The ecotone, I think it was
Slide 14 maybe. What's the run-up of that? I'm sure it can be done in
different ways. Is it like a minimal quarter mile or what are we looking at?

Ms. Struve: It's generally a 30:1 slope, so it kind of depends on how high
the levee needs to be. It just slopes out from there

Council Member Holman: We know how high the levee needs to be, right? I
guess the more relevant question is, is there any place where this would be
applicable in Palo Alto given we have sensitive habitat. It looks like this
would be cool. Is there any place here that we could utilize this?


                                                                       Page 18 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
