                          TRANSCRIPT
Royal Manor neighborhood map where you see 30 percent of houses in Royal
Manor already have two-story houses or are next to one. Every house has a
different shape, different size. We cannot apply a single solution. We
cannot have a one size fit all solution for all these houses. Nineteen houses
are already two-story; 48 houses are next to a two-story. They're already
highlighted in the map. We have these significant restrictions. We are in
the special flood zone. We cannot build basements. We have very small
lots. There is no room for expansion because of these restrictions in a
single-story environment. We want Council to consider the impact of SSO.
Royal Manor has a large population of multigenerational families. SSO will
push all these families out from our neighborhood. If there is no room to
grow, the families will get pushed out. Even the PTC agrees. In one of the
PTC reports, this is a comment from PTC, "Also the census data for Palo Alto
suggests that there is demographic changes in who lives in Palo Alto from
when Eichler was building and now. Some of the groups that are more have
large percentages in Palo Alto, tend to favor multigenerational households."
You're also probably inadvertently excluding multigenerational households
from living in your neighborhood. We want to highlight something else in
this presentation. 85 percent of previous SSOs had deed restriction for
building a second story. Royal Manor is the only neighborhood that does not
have this deed restrictions for building two-story houses, and it is in flood
zone. We borrowed this table from the planning report where it shows all
the single story overlay neighborhoods. As you can see—we compared it
with the Royal Manor. As you can see, Royal Manor has many more parcels
as compared to other neighborhoods. The support level is lower, and it does
not have deed restrictions. To summarize, here are some of the reasons
why SSO is not the right solution for Royal Manor. The areas for Royal
Manor is very large; we just have too many houses in this neighborhood.
The restrictions, we cannot just apply one size fit all solutions for all of them.
Royal Manor is in the flood zone. We have smaller lots. Some of them are
R-1 with exactly 6,000 or smaller. Many houses are neighboring two-story
houses, and some houses have even more restrictions. Some of them have
special setbacks. Some of them have high voltage transmission lines with
30-foot easement in the backyards. Some of them have 24 feet special
setbacks, and some of them are backing up to commercial properties which
are already two-story. Also, we should note that there is no precedence of
passing SSO with less than required support, and there is no precedence of
passing SSO for areas with no deed restrictions and when the area is in flood
zone. At the end of the presentation, quickly repeating the same requests
that we started with.       The Royal Manor SSO application does have
deficiencies with its signature collection process. It never reached 70
percent support. Please do not pass it. Royal Manor has unique restrictions.
It's flood zone, smaller lots.     We request Council to establish better,
enforceable two-story house Individual Review guidelines which already
                                                                          Page 42 of 135
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/2/16
