                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach:        Briefly, I attended the VTA town hall at
Rinconada Community Center and Library last Wednesday, where they were
talking about changing bus service to Palo Alto and throughout the county.
It was interesting, and it was particularly interesting for what was not
discussed such as congestion management and mobility. There were a
number of transportation experts from the community. I tried to impart to
the VTA staff members there a lot of the base advocates for not driving solo
occupancy vehicle cars in Palo Alto. If these people think you're on the
wrong track, wait until you hear from the rest of the community.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a couple of comments from the BAWSCA
meeting last week, Bay Area Water Commission. Number 1, they pointed
out that Hetch Hetchy and San Pedro, the two big dams in the Central
Sierra, were 75 percent full; 82 is normal. They feel they have enough for 3
years of drought conservation to keep supplying. Number 2, the BAWSCA
agencies—there's 24 in the Bay Area—have achieved 88 percent of their
water savings to date. The goal is 100 percent by October. Palo Alto is not
at the top. There are 11 cities ahead of Palo Alto in their savings rate, but
we're doing average. The third element was the State Water Board went
down to something called self-certifying. They're no longer asking each
state to meet their requirements but understand that each community might
have a different goal of their own. They've identified January of '17 they're
likely to come back after the experience of this year with new drought
mandates. The most important issue is the water maps, management of the
water supply. The SFPUC signed an accord with all their agencies in 2010
limiting the amount of water they can use. That expires in 2018, and they
will come out with new numbers. Palo Alto has taken a cut from something
like 19 million gallons a day down to 14. That will be renegotiated in 2018.
This summer San Francisco has pledged to come out with some data they
will be using. They are considering adding San Jose, Santa Clara and East
Palo Alto to have water allocations. That's part of the deal. Just an alert
that this is an important issue for Palo Alto, and it's beginning to come to the
surface.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly, I participated in a call with the FAA today.
It was interesting in terms of the different routes and what they think is
feasible and not feasible. There's nothing really to report in terms of where
that's going. I think it's too early in the process. I also attended the ABAG
general assembly last week and then the ABAG Executive Board meeting.
Where I think the merger with MTC and ABAG is going is MTC is going to

                                                                        Page 109 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
