                          TRANSCRIPT
Molly Cornfield: Hi. I'm really glad that you all are discussing this issue.
Thank you so much. I recently moved back here with my husband, and I'm
25. We really didn't have the option to look for a place in Palo Alto. Right
now, we're living with my parents which, as you can imagine, is not very
fun. I know there are a lot of people like me who are young and want to live
in Palo Alto and even work here. Personally, I don't like to drive for a few
reasons. I'm not very good at it. For all of your sake, I try to stay off the
road. When I work in Palo Alto, there's really no option for me to live within
walking or biking distance, which I think is something that is really worth
considering. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Steve Levy to be followed by Jeralyn Moran.
Welcome.

Steve Levy: I second really everything that John Kelley said about housing.
I want to talk to you about traffic. I don't think any of you or any of the
people in the audience hate jobs. We can have this discussion again after
the Finance Report. What I think troubles people are the impacts of traffic
and parking from the commuter imbalance. I would like you to craft
Alternative Five that goes not just at the new development, but I think
where Council Member Scharff was going, at really reducing the single
occupancy and the car travel of the existing development. I would take the
transportation policies in Scenario Four and add to them. I saw free transit
passes for residents. How about subsidized transit passes for low-wage
workers or any workers? I saw grade separation and Bus Rapid Transit
(BRT). How about running with Caltrain more service to California Avenue
and shuttles to the Stanford Research Park? I saw paid parking Downtown,
but how about really pricing the permits to provide incentives for people to
move?     I saw two garages in Alternative Four.          Thank you for the
Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee (IBRC). How about more garages if
that solves the problem? I think jobs/housing balance is a misnomer. I
think we have a commuting and parking imbalance which will be mostly
solved, I suspect, by going after the behavior of the existing workers. That's
what I would do in Alternative Five. Go full out to get those existing workers
to change their behavior.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jeralyn Moran to be followed by Bob Moss.

Jeralyn Moran: Good evening. Thanks for listening to us tonight. I'm really
grateful that this Council is considering a fifth option. I've looked at the first
four, and they're just not adequately addressing what I feel is the top issue
if you look at it from any angle. I'm most concerned about the critical need
to decrease our greenhouse gas emissions as a City. In this case, the
forced, long car commutes by so many workers in this City translates to the

                                                                           Page 35 of 88
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/22/16
