                          TRANSCRIPT
that. That's why I'm saying you need to contain it, because this could be a
moving target kind of dialog. The real purpose of this was for us to bring a
check-in in response to your initial request to pursue a not-for-profit
provider for the shelter services for a number of reasons. The potential for a
new shelter was a big purpose, because there were descriptions to you that
there is an interconnection between the shelter itself and the ability to
provide the level of services we would want to see provided over the City.
It's not just a building issue versus people. There's an integration there.
We did not come in here with a bias to say we're going in one direction or
another. We came in here with a responsibility to respond to the Council's
initial direction, and that's what we have been doing here. We can put a
little more definition to it tonight, and then put you in a position to give us
more input as to, assuming you want us to continue this exploration with
Pets in Need, some of the kinds of things you want to do. I would just
caution us that this is not to design every possible detail of a contract.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I was appreciating that it was not. I'm still hung up on the
high-level issue of is Pets in Need proposing similar services to what we've
been receiving. If their current model has significant dissimilarities, are they
open to negotiating those services or do they have the set of services that
they offer in Redwood City and that's their model with only minor variations?
I don't have a sense of that. When we had the earlier presentation and
Council question, I certainly was under an impression that they were very
similar services. Members of the public have raised a number of specific
questions and concerns about the services. I don't know the answer. Those
are things certainly that would give me a general sense of whether I want to
go in that direction without trying to resolve every one of these tonight.

Mr. Alaee: Pets in Need right now is a rescue operation. They're very
cognizant that the operation that we expect them to run is a different
operation. We have full confidence that they're able to run an animal shelter
service with the same services we provide now. Let me give you an
example. The example of a horse comes up. We've had this conversation
with Al, and Al can chime in.

Mayor Burt: Call it a donkey.

Mr. Alaee: Donkey, okay. We've had this conversation with Al, and Al can
chime in. What I'm sure he's already doing or will do very shortly once we
have Council direction is find a list of different barns and horse stables in the
local area.    They'll have that.        They'll contact them.     They'll have
agreements with those places that, if a horse does come to the shelter, we
would find an immediate way to get the horse to a barn that could maybe be

                                                                         Page 58 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
