                          TRANSCRIPT
them. Having said all of that, I do think this is not an exercise in futility. I
think there is a lot in the Guidelines that have merit, but I do think that
these pretty significant gaps don't provide good guidance to the applicant, to
Staff, especially as we're looking at the State Historic Building Code and
incentives. We've had especially a number of turnovers in Staff—I'm not
sure these days what the connection is between—Hillary, Amy, could you
comment on this? What the connection is between Planning and Building
Department. There's got to be some kind of gap somewhere, and that's how
we're getting all these demolitions in Professorville. These are significant.
Some of the oldest houses and largest houses have been really torn down
and replicated. The original buildings just don't exist anymore. I know
these are guidelines and not standards. Many people, you've heard before
and this evening, would prefer standards. It was also in the letter we got
from Rob Steinberg. I recognize that these are guidelines, but I do think
that some of the premises that are put forward are lacking in clear guidance
to property owners, contractors, developers, and even give the best
guidance to Planning Staff, HRB and the Development Center. I did bring up
in the comments about the single-family Individual Review for a single-story.
That's critical because right now some of our largest properties—you could
tear down a significant contributor in the District and build a single-story
home, and there's no controlling what gets built in a National Register
District. The Historic Preservation Ordinance, it would be great to update
that. That's a longer endeavor. Zoning Code, if we would just close the gap
on the demolitions that are happening, which from my perspective do not
require a Zoning Code change, we would be way ahead of the game. I
would like to see the Staff come back with us adding single-story projects to
the Individual Review program. I'll refer to Staff on how best to address the
other gaps and issues that I raise in my comments. Thank you.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Holman. Maybe I can respond to
some of those comments and questions. I think we do anticipate, hope that
the Council, in taking action this evening on the Guidelines, could direct us
to take some next steps with regard to changes in regulations. If you and
your colleagues would like to pursue changes to the Individual Review (IR)
Guidelines, I think you could direct us to start working on that. Similarly,
you've raised a couple of times the demolition by attrition, kind of building
changes that happen more and more to the point where it constitutes a
demolition. Jonathan Lait and I have spent some time talking to Peter
Pirnejad, trying to figure out how to address this issue. I think our feeling is
that it would require a Code change, probably in the Building Code or in the
Zoning Code. Currently, there's not really a definition of demolition. What
you're seeing is in the handoff from one department to another changes
getting made in implementing the building plans that may be beyond what
you think is appropriate and what many of us might think is appropriate.
                                                                         Page 61 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
