                         TRANSCRIPT
those. Project Safety Net, focused on youth well-being and safety, as well as
continuing to work both locally with nonprofits and with the County and other
governmental agencies on providing services and housing for the homeless.
It's important any community with all the resources that Palo Alto has, that we
don't lose sight of those who might be at the margins or face various risks. A
couple of other groups that we might want to identify. I would mention people
with disabilities, also seniors and people of low income who might not be
unhoused but might be vulnerable to that or other negative health benefits that
result from having very limited income in a place with very high cost of living.
That's one area. I appreciate Diane Morin and her focus on sustainability and
walkability. I don't know that those need to be identified specifically as
Priorities on their own. I think they're important frame considerations as we
talk about our Priorities. No surprise, I think housing should be a major focus.
In the submission of possible Study Sessions, just to kind of make the point
about how much time we could spend talking about housing, I mentioned four
different Study Sessions we could have on different elements of housing from
BMR, below market rate housing; looking for ways to incentivize landlords not
to escalate their rents so quickly; focusing on homelessness; and also the
larger question of supply and demand. As has been pointed out, it's not just a
supply question and a historical dearth of supply, but it's also the demand. We
can't neglect how demand ties into housing costs and the concerns there. On
sustainability, I think it's important that we think very carefully both about
sustainability and also about climate adaptation, whether it's fire risk, flooding
risk, etc. We think really carefully about climate adaptation, wherever that fits,
possibly significantly under Built Environment and under Infrastructure. It can
have major impacts to both of those. Those are some of the key themes I'd
like to have considered. I'm very open to colleagues' thoughts about how we
work those into both our Priorities and our projects.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I agree it's pretty clear that the four Priorities we
have identified we should move into the new year. Amongst those four, I think
there is one critical Priority, and that's the Comp Plan Update that also includes
the Built Environment in that. I think it is critical that we translate that into
Council Agenda Action Items, a commitment. Chair Garber made an excellent
point. We have a CAC Committee of excellent volunteers in the community
working hard on delivering that Priority to us. I note we all have a copy of the
Community Element that's coming to us. Thirty-two pages of visions, goals,
statements, programs, policies.         The Council will review it, make some
amendments, but this is the deal. Chair Garber pointed out that they are
working now on transportation and land use. It does not coincide with Council
Agenda Items. We will be discussing some of that after the CAC has gone
through their deliberations and prepared programs and policies for us. I think
                                                                         Page 32 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
