                         TRANSCRIPT
and we have like five of them. There are several in Coupa going on every
time I go there, Philz, HanaHaus. I actually think we have lots of startups in
Downtown. We have to be a little careful about getting in this trap of when
people say things that we don't really have any evidence for them. Those
are my comments on this. I am a little concerned about how many policies
we have in there. Other people have said that. How many new things and
how many things that Council has not vetted in terms of policies on this stuff
in a lot of it. I did promise I'd come back to Tom now. You wanted to make
a Motion, then we can discuss it.

Council Member DuBois:        Thank you.      I did want to comment about
Downtown, but I think I'll resist. I actually emailed my Motion to David. My
Motion would be that we immediately clarify with PlaceWorks that Council's
intention in Scenario 5 was a low jobs scenario, that we would reduce the
jobs forecast an amount corresponding to the reduction in office space.
We'd attempt to accommodate that work within the existing budget.

Council Member Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to:

A.   Immediately clarify with PlaceWorks | DCE that Council’s intention in
     Scenario 5 was a low jobs scenario; and

B.   Reduce the jobs forecast an amount corresponding to the reduction in
     office space square footage, and attempt to accommodate that work
     within the existing budget.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second by Council Member Schmid.         Do you want to
speak to your Motion?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, just real quick. First, I think I made the
original Motion that created Scenario 5. The intent was, again, lower job
growth with some of the sustainability factors. This discussion tonight isn't
about blame or mistakes.      It's pretty clear that maybe Council didn't
communicate properly. The Action Minutes that you had up there with the
Motion are correct. The Motion just reduced the square footage. That's
what I love about Action Minutes. We lost a lot of the context. Going back
again and looking at my notes and trying to remember that conversation, I
do think the intent was clear that we had agreed to reduce the number of
jobs in Scenario 5 by a small amount; it was like 10 percent. What we're
doing now, there's no reason for us to have a scenario with less square feet
and the same exact number of jobs. Scenario 5 and 6 have the same
number of jobs. One has less office square footage. We didn't talk about
                                                                      Page 107 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
