                          TRANSCRIPT
a bunch of work, it would cost a lot of extra money, and it was not the right
EIR decision. The EIR decision is to have the same number of jobs in both.
If I'm saying anything that's not correct—I'm just paraphrasing what I
heard. Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: Having a different EIR scenario doesn't change the Council's
ability to have a policy discussion like you had this evening about
employment densities, about job growth and development in the next 15
years. Whatever these EIR scenarios look like, you can still have those
conversations.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What I saw in your memo—maybe I misunderstood—
was that it is very unlikely that we would be able to get below the number of
jobs you have. Therefore, it was an unrealistic assumption to go below that
jobs number and, therefore, it was not really the right thing to put in an EIR.
That's how I read that memo. If I didn't read that correctly, tell me. It
would actually influence me.

Ms. Gitelman: You're paraphrasing my professional opinion correctly.               I
think that's what we communicated back in August as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's really my reason for it. I don't think it makes
much difference and gives us worse information then to have an unrealistic
jobs number. I'd rather have the right jobs numbers. Council Member
Holman, did you put your light on a second time? With that—you put your
light on a second time. Do you guys really want to have a second round?

Council Member Kniss: No. Let's vote guys. It's 11:30 P.M.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It is 11:30 P.M. Let's vote. Wrong one. I meant to
vote no. That passes—no, it's 4-4. That fails on a 4-4 vote.

MOTION FAILED: 4-4 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Schmid yes, Burt absent

Council Member Holman: Can I make a Motion to retain what the current
Staff is working on and we'll kill that 4-4 and we'll be stalemated.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Vice Mayor Scharff:         Council   Member    Questions,   Comments          and
Announcements.

                                                                      Page 111 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
