                          TRANSCRIPT
crossing guards. I just saw a local television broadcast on May 3rd about
the lack of attendance of traffic guards at night. I also read an article in the
Palo Alto Weekly. That's why I'm here. I want to encourage the City Council
and the City Staff to prioritize enforcing the contract with Cypress. The
Cypress employees are often not at their stations at night, and that poses a
risk to our teenagers. Studies have shown a lot of suicides are impulsive
and not premeditated. I really appreciate the City doing the program and
allocating significant budget including good salary of $22 an hour, but I want
to request that they start to enforce the contract, consider withholding
payments temporarily and not paying for delivery of services so that we can
have a good implementation for that program. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is John Guisun, to be followed by
Andrea Lichter.

John Guisun: Good evening, Council. My name is John Guisun. I live at
225 Middlefield Road. If you've been reading your email, you know what I’m
here to talk about. Middlefield Road from University Avenue to the Menlo
Park border is four continuous blocks of driver mayhem. We have a history
of having serious accidents and dangerous conditions, speeding, congestion,
etc., on Middlefield. We've been working with the City; I've been doing it for
two and a half years, other residents for more than 10 years, and we've yet
to achieve anything that makes a difference. Tomorrow morning we're
going to present to the City a petition signed by the residents of Middlefield
North, and I'll read the brief petition to you. The residents of Middlefield
North hereby request the City of Palo Alto implement a pilot road diet on
Middlefield Road from University Avenue to the Menlo Park border in order to
reduce the number of accidents, increase safety for pedestrians and
bicyclists, increase traffic compliance with the speed limit, improve traffic
flow, improve safety of access to our driveways, and improve quality of life
for residents. To date four Council Members have engaged with us, working
on these issues, but no one more than Council Member Kniss. I wish to
thank her for her guidance and support. You're now going to hear from a
group of other residents of Middlefield who will talk about their personal
experiences on this residential street. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Andrea Lichter.

Andrea Lichter: Good evening. I've made Palo Alto my home for 35 years,
and 30 of those years have been on Middlefield Road. You can imagine I've
seen the evolution of traffic. In fact, when I first moved on Middlefield Road,
you could actually park on Middlefield Road, and you were actually able to
bike on the sidewalks. There were signs permitting bike riders on the
sidewalk. It's changed drastically, and it's very, very dangerous. I'm in my

                                                                          Page 7 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
