                         TRANSCRIPT
very much for letting me do my spiel first. I now have to take off. I'll be
turning this over to Vice Mayor Scharff.

Mayor Burt left the meeting at 9:39 P.M.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We have a bunch of public speakers now. I think I'm
going to go to that first. The first speaker is Keith Bennett, to be followed
by Bob Moss. Where we are now is we've done the Stanford and Citywide
cap issues. We're coming back for all other issues that we would talk about
with Council Member DuBois here. Mr. Bennett.

Keith Bennett:      Thank you.     Underground construction is a valuable
component of our land use policy. For example, underground garages could
facilitate more attractive environments while preserving above ground for
other uses.       Save Palo Alto's Ground Water supports underground
construction with the caveat that it needs to be properly designed,
constructed and sited. Tonight I would like to emphasize the importance of
proper siting. Little attention has been paid to the impacts of impermeable
underground construction on ground water flows, in particular handling
storm water flows in our soils and aquifer. We discussed this issue in our
white paper that we put out about one year ago. Just as San Francisquito
Creek rises during and shortly after rains, ground water rises during and
after rains. For example, some of us who lived here in 1982 and/or 1998
remember water that suddenly and rapidly seeped into our utility
basements. This shows that ground water rapidly rises within a day and
significantly, 4-6 feet at my home, and drops over a period of several days
after the rain stops. I am aware of four other homes where this occurred.
The residents are still in their homes if anyone wants more witnesses. In
many areas of Palo Alto, the winter groundwater table is 5-10 feet below
ground surface. With sea level rise, this will certainly be reduced by several
feet, thereby reducing the aquifer's capacity to handle storm water flows. I
should remind you that part of our storm water management initiative
includes putting rain swales to put more water into the ground water. Just
as putting obstacles in San Francisquito Creek blocks flows, increasing the
risk of flooding upstream, putting obstacles into the soil impedes
groundwater flows and, additionally, raises groundwater levels. Adding one
stick into San Francisquito Creek does not significantly increase the risk of
flooding. The cumulative impacts of many sticks, however, is significant.
Similarly, the cumulative impacts of underground construction on
groundwater flows are significant. When flows can't keep up with the storm
water, the aquifer can't absorb more water. Additional runoff flows onto the
surface and into the storm drains. When the storm drains can't keep up, we
will have flooding.        The implications of impermeable underground


                                                                       Page 82 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
