                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:   Former Mayor Judy Kleinberg to be followed by Dan Garber.
Welcome.

Judy Kleinberg: Thank you. Judy Kleinberg speaking for the Chamber of
Commerce.       The jobs/housing imbalance is of special concern to the
business sector. So many of our employees can't find housing here and
must travel long distances to work.          Businesses struggle to find the
employees needed to fill the jobs to support mostly our retail and hospitality
businesses. You've seen the signs. You walk around Downtown; there's
sings on every window looking for people.          Because this is a critical
challenge to businesses here, we encourage you to increase allowable
housing densities and the number of housing units allowed near public
transit. Transit-oriented development has been a part of our City's Comp
Plan for decades, but little has been built.         You can't just zone for
development without analyzing whether any developer would build what
you've zoned for. It has to make economic sense. If the City wants
developers to build housing, it should encourage mixed use such as retail
and housing or even office and housing or a combination of all three. It's
not just affordable housing by the way; it's not just housing for low-income
workers who obviously need it; but it's also housing affordable for a variety
of people, as John Kelley and others have said. It's also housing for seniors
who are stuck in their homes because they can't downsize because the
housing they would move into is too expensive. They stay in their homes,
lowering the supply, raising the prices. Allowing increased height limits to
accommodate more units in carefully selected places is another idea which I
think perhaps you ought to be looking at. I'm going to use my last moment
to dispel a misstatement which is constantly said. I want to demystify this
statement. It is a constant misstatement that it's the office workers that are
creating the parking problems Downtown. The data that the City has, the
data that has been already presented, that is credible data shows it is not
the office workers that are creating that problem. Most of the office workers
don't drive cars or they don't drive cars alone. They take public transit, walk
or bike. It is the workers who can't afford the permits; it is the workers who
are part-time or shift workers or the workers working in hospitality or
working two hours here and there and they're working three jobs. It is
those kinds of workers that we ought to be looking at to subsidize, to help,
to keep them out of their cars or find a place for them. As you're looking at
affordable housing, be looking at affordable parking solutions as well. The
business community is here to work with you collaboratively.             Please
remember that. We're here to work together. Thanks.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Dan Garber to be followed by Justine Burt.
Welcome.

                                                                         Page 37 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
