                         TRANSCRIPT
Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We currently have two
speakers. If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to come forward now.
Our first speaker is Catherine Martineau. Welcome.

Catherine Martineau: Thank you, Mayor Burt. Good evening, Council
Members. Congratulations, Jim. Well done. I'm here to talk very briefly
about an item that you discussed with great thoughtfulness, I thought, at
the last meeting last Monday. This is the tree pruning cycle contract. First
of all, I want to say that we are very pleased, Canopy is very pleased—I'm
Catherine Martineau; I'm the Executive Director of Canopy. I should always
say that, not assume that everyone knows me. Canopy is very happy that
the park trees and open space trees are now part of the pruning and
maintenance contract. The park trees have been neglected for many, many
years. It's very good news that the contract has been enhanced that way. I
understand that the Council and the Staff recommend a 10-year cycle for
pruning of public trees. Certainly, it's much better than 15, so we're pleased
with that. We strongly advocate that the pruning cycle be taken back to the
seven years at the earliest opportunity. The consequences of an elongated
pruning cycle are not going to appear next year or the year after. It's most
likely and thankfully we will not have dramatic evidence of what this kind of
elongation is going to do. We know our arboriculture science as well as
urban forestry practice tell us that a longer cycle for the pruning cycle will
result in the deterioration of the canopy and the loss of some tree value as
well as an increase in liability exposure for the City and also the loss of
revenue generated by trees such as increased property tax, sales tax, some
fees. The extension of the pruning cycle is not the only question, though. I
want to note that the type of contract the City has right now is very classic,
very standard. It does not allow for different pruning cycles for different
species of trees or ages of trees. For example, a tree that was planted this
year, in this planting season, may have to wait 10 years before it is pruned.
Really the ideal pruning time for a young tree is two or three years after
planting, and then another two or three years after that. That will allow for
the best possible structure of the tree and minimize future maintenance
costs. At a minimum, if I may—may I finish my thought?

Mayor Burt: Just wrap up if you can.

Ms. Martineau: At a minimum, I would encourage you to reexamine this
contract as soon as possible and look at whether we can have a better
structure of a contract with different pruning cycles for different types of
tress. Also, I just received before I left the office a letter from the State
                                                                        Page 5 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
