                          TRANSCRIPT
converge over Palo Alto. I highlighted them. There's the Teardrop, Oceanic
and Surfer I. I really want you to understand this because it's coming down
to a very big, I think, fight over Surfer I, which is all the Southern California
planes that are coming up from the south. Then all the Teardrop ones that
are coming down from the south and the Asian planes all coming in and the
Hawaiian planes coming in from the west. What I wanted to share with you
is at the convergence of the three arrival routes. I am now directly under
the Teardrop and Oceanic, and I'm about three or four houses away from
Surfer I. Two hundred planes a day arrive through Palo Alto going into SFO.
Approximately 45 percent are Surfer I, 45 percent are Teardrop, which you
can see from—I ran that off for you, and 10 percent are Oceanic. The past
week I've noticed there are times with hardly any noise. When I use my
flight rater, I can see that Surfer I is being moved, but then Teardrop is just
increasing and just keeping a conga line of going down, crossing over into
Palo Alto. They're moving Surfer I maybe over Los Altos or over southern
Santa Clara County, but they're just increasing the Teardrop, which is just as
bad because it's 45 percent of our traffic. I want to get right to this point
about at the community group meeting in Los Altos with 150 citizens last
week, one of the community groups is advocating just changing Surfer I. I
think we really have to look carefully at that. If they get their way, Santa
Cruz County and (inaudible) Capitola, that's all they want is to get rid of
Surfer I and move it, then we're still stuck with 45 percent of the traffic. I
think that's really key to what I came here to speak about. Please don't
chip—I'm sorry. I just want to say I hope you can understand the issues.
Look at the study and advocate for a system-wide solution, not just the
Capitola, Santa Cruz people. Hopefully Palo Alto will become a livable place
again for me and my family.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Esther Nigenda to be followed by Rita Vrhel, our
final speaker.

Esther Nigenda: Good evening, Council Members. It has been known since
at least the late 1900s that groundwater depletion contributes to sea level
rise. In fact, together with melting ice caps and glaciers and the water's
thermal expansion due to global warming, groundwater depletion is
considered a significant and increasingly important contributor to sea level
rise, especially with dewatering, the construction practice of pumping out
shallow groundwater and pouring it down our storm drains to enter the Bay.
It is easy to visualize how this practice contributes to sea level rise. I have
good news tonight.        Save Palo Alto's Groundwater and a group of
professionals including well-known architect and resident, Dan Garber,
Andrew Murray and others from Murray Engineering and California Caissons
with the help and support of our City's Department of Public Works have
proposed and hope to soon test a different method for basement
                                                                         Page 28 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
