                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Next speaker is Stephanie Munoz to be followed by
Lane Pianta.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. We had
some news these past few weeks. Our friend Lois Salo died. I was with her
main group which was Women's International League for Peace and
Freedom. We were discussing plans for a memorial service for her. I said,
"You're missing something though. I don't notice in anything here any
acknowledgement of the fact that Lois was a Jew." They said, "But Lois was
an atheist." I said, "You can be an atheist and still be a Jew." You can be a
Catholic atheist. You can be anything. The understanding that we are put
on earth to help each other is not a function of organized religion. It's in the
DNA. That's why the human race has survived as long as it has. Beaten off
the saber tooth tigers and the dinosaurs, lots of people bigger than we are
and more power than we are. It's because we know how to help each other.
As you go through this year, there's some talk of residentialists. It's true
that in many cases not being good doesn't work. You cannot put the
factories here and the workers over there and not expect to have unlivable
streets and an enormous difficulty. Generally speaking, you have to be good
just because you have to be good. It's part of you, all of you. It doesn't
matter whether you have a religion or not. The point of my conversation is
we've got to do something about the cold weather shelters. There's a lovely
one down—it's really great that Simitian was able to just pull out of a hat a
place. While there are people who are not protected and not protected from
the cold, we can't rest. We've got to really look at it and say how are we
going to get these people under cover this winter, now, every one of them.
I'd like you please to make that one of your priorities. You have to. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Lane Pianta to be followed by Rita Vrhel. I should
mention—we have another card. Because we set speaker times based on
anticipated number of speakers, I'll just be in the future kind of setting a
deadline for submitting cards, giving everybody ample time to do so. We
want to make sure we have a sense of how many speakers there will be.
Welcome.

Lane Pianta: Good evening, Mayor Burt and members of City Council. My
name is Lane Pianta. For the past five years it's been my pleasure to serve
as Production Manager at the Palo Alto Children's Theatre. During that time
I've had the opportunity to work with countless children and their families to
provide meaningful arts enrichment activities.      By my estimation, I've
participated in one form or another with 125 separate theatrical productions,
30 community events in support of the Big Read, numerous third-party
rentals and five May Fete Children's Parades. These activities represent
                                                                          Page 11 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
