                          TRANSCRIPT
and three at the PTC. I think in the course of those, we hashed out a lot of
issues that, I hope, will benefit the Council's deliberations.

Council Member DuBois: Was there any concern about the quality of the
nexus study or the data in the study?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't think so. I think we used the consultant and the
methodology that was used by all of the jurisdictions in San Mateo County
and really piggybacked on that effort. Many jurisdictions in San Mateo
County have gone on to adopt the fees, so they used the same methodology
and got to the finish line and adopted the fees. That was comforting to all of
us, that we weren't forging entirely new ground here. It was a reasonable
methodology that others have used.

Council Member DuBois: Just a question about switching from a percentage
of sale to a fee per square foot. I see pros and cons of both ways.
Obviously, I think it's easier to administer and charge the fees upfront. Was
there much of a discussion about—I guess the pro of a percent of sale is that
our ordinance doesn't need to be updated; it tracks the market. As sales are
higher, we get a percentage of that. Was there much discussion about that
change?

Ms. Gitelman: I think the Finance Committee did talk about that a little bit.
Maybe some of the members of the Committee can weigh in. Our feeling,
from Staff's perspective, is that the operational advantage of charging a per-
square-foot fee is substantial. Those fees are adjusted annually in the
budget process based on cost of living increases. It's not like they'll be
totally left behind. Also, there was in our view an advantage to charging a
fee similar for rental and for the for-sale units. It just makes a much
simpler fee schedule for folks to understand.

Council Member DuBois: Is it possible for a project to change, where they
would say it's for sale and pay the fee, and then turn it into rental later on in
the project?

Ms. Gitelman: I guess that's theoretically possible. We find that developers
usually walk in the door knowing what they like to develop. They'll either
propose a rental project or a for-sale project.

Council Member DuBois: A similar question. There's this idea that exempt
projects that convert to nonexempt uses would then be charged an impact
fee. How are you going to track that?

Ms. Gitelman: That's a good question. I think we would have to do our best
when something changed from—I'm going to have to ask for Cara's help on
                                                                           Page 42 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
