                          TRANSCRIPT
the Policy and Services Committee, and we're now bringing back the
Ordinance for the multiunit restrictions, both in the common area and the
actual living unit. We're bringing that back to you tonight. You'll see
qualifiers in there. We do not have the resources as a City—none of our
departments do—to enforce those requirements. In part, it's a resource
question, but it's also in part sort of an activity function question. How
would you actually go about enforcing this? We have sort of two problems.
The biggest one is really resources. I stress that because it's not just
resources for what you might think of as enforcement, but it's also resources
for outreach, for answering inquiries, for following-up on complaints, all the
things that might arise once we put something like this on the books, once
we create an expectation of greater activity. We just don't have the
resources to conduct that greater activity that might be expected. I want to
underscore that for you. I think it was Vice Mayor Scharff that put it well at
the Committee meeting, and several other of you possibly also, saying
there's still a benefit to putting this on the books. There's a social norming,
a precedent-setting benefit not to be discounted. Without discounting those
benefits, I did need to underscore that there really would be no
enforcement. There would be no follow-up. There would be no complaint
investigation, and there would not even be any substantial public outreach
on this. That's the second part. I think I'll stop there. Nicole and I can
answer questions or whatever your pleasure is.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Mr. Mayor, would you be willing to accept a Motion
at this point? I realize it's pretty …

Mayor Burt: We have to hear from the public.

Council Member Kniss: You really want to get into questions, right?

Mayor Burt:   No.   We not only have questions, we need to hear from the
public.

Council Member Kniss: Sorry. I sometimes forget the protocol. Thank you.
I will have a Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just two quick questions. How many tobacco
retailers do we have? I think we said it was something like 30.

Ms. Cox: There's 29 currently.


                                                                         Page 51 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
