                          TRANSCRIPT
the 50-foot height limit as elevator shafts and mechanical structures and
stuff like that, are we setting a precedent and establishing a policy that for
future projects of other kinds than we have today, that the addition of a
solar canopy qualifies as a minor issue like a elevator shaft and then any
project that comes along automatically gets to do that. Is it just for these
buildings?

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Council Member. We've asked that question ourselves.
We believe that, because of the PC zoning of these particular properties,
we're not establishing a precedent for future solar panel arrays. It's a bit
unique because they are parking structures, and we're trying to preserve the
parking on the top level. That's why we have these support structures. For
many commercial buildings, they would likely be placed along the roof deck
itself. We don't anticipate that we'd have a similar type of scenario. If we
do, we believe that the PC zoning does make this distinguished from other
properties.

Council Member Filseth: Got it.      Thank you very much. That clarifies that.
My second question is if we were     to decide that it takes a PC amendment to
do this, is there any way to fast    track these things and it goes on consent
and stuff like that, so it doesn't   really take the total process that's in the
Staff Report?

Mr. Lait: Let me be clear on this answer. No.

Council Member Filseth: That's pretty clear. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: It's sort of a follow-up to the same question. The
PC Ordinance 18.38.150 says the max height shall be equal to the most
restrictive adjacent zone district. We have a 50-foot height limit on the
buildings around there. The one on Bryant is going from about 50 feet to
almost 60 feet, and it is a structure of steel beams and so on. Now the
request is that the solar tower be treated like elevator shafts or staircases,
isolated little pieces; although, it does cover the whole floor. It does raise
the issue of use of that top floor or any of the floors. I refer to Packet Page
264 where it quotes the Ordinance 46.11 which establishes use of 445.
There it says the use shall be limited to multistory parking facilities. The
second sentence says other uses that may be made from space deemed
unusable for parking include office use above the ground floor. My question
is if the owner of that property at some point in the future—say, the
restrictions on SOV work and they don't need all the parking spaces. They
say, "I need office space." Could they put in office space on the sixth floor

                                                                         Page 39 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
