                         TRANSCRIPT
efficiencies in the enforcement cost?         That's $165,000 of annual
enforcement. Those are solid neighborhoods, but they're not huge cities.
Would there be any efficiencies with combining the two?

Ms. Atkinson: There may be, but we would have to evaluate that and return
an answer to you.

Council Member Berman: I think those were the main questions I had for
now. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. First of all, I don't see the money involved
here being a show stopper on moving forward or not moving forward. That
being said, I did have a couple of questions on the cost structures. On the
website cost, it's dramatically higher for Southgate and Evergreen than it is
for Edgewood and Crescent Park. Why is that? It's the same website, right?

Ms. Atkinson: That would be for the online permit sales website. It's a little
more complicated than it actually appears. It's different permits that need
to be added in, and it's different user types that need to be added in. When
you're looking at the potential of an area that you would go through a
stakeholder process and potentially have different types of permits. That's a
more complicated website to set up than a smaller, concise area.

Council Member Filseth: Would you have to go through a stakeholder
process to modify the website?

Ms. Atkinson: No, I'm speaking about the type of RPP that may be set up or
may be directed in the Southgate and Evergreen Park areas. If Council
directs Staff to do resident-only programs in those areas, it would be one
type of permit essentially or maybe a resident permit and a guest permit,
what have you. If we did move forward with a stakeholder process and look
at the potential for other types of permits including for employees, those are
different types of permits.

Council Member Filseth:  We've set all that stuff up already for the
Downtown program. I don't understand why it's not—we just say some of
those and some of those.

Ms. Atkinson: It may be, but we haven't evaluated the full process for each
yet; these are back of the envelope estimates and what could this potentially
cost. We wanted to make sure that we represented the field of what could
be involved.


                                                                       Page 73 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
