                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Do you want independent or do you want small
and independent? They aren't necessarily the same thing.

Mayor Burt: Both, small and independent. Not that they have to be
necessarily only small, independent. If it's plural, you might get some
mixture. Council Member Wolbach.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to conduct
informal outreach to stakeholders including both small and independent
retailers.” (New Part H)

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to check. Did maker and seconder
okay that last change?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: Now there's some clarity. It was just added that
this Motion would remove Number 1, bullet point 3, which would allow a
range of retail and retail-like uses in the greater GF District outside of
University Avenue, allow personal services, commercial recreation, medical
offices, schools and similar retail-like uses that encourage uses that promote
active street life and would also prohibit ground-floor offices except medical
office. I would suggest removing that removal, so that "A" here would say
remove Number 1 bullet 2 and not remove bullet 3. Unless that was really
the intent of the maker and the seconder. I'd offer that as a friendly
amendment.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to remove, “and Number 1, Bullet 3” from the Motion Part A.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was talking to the Mayor, but let me just reiterate.
What this currently does is keeps the existing stuff exactly the way it is.
That's the goal. How do you want to change it? What this Motion does is
keep the Downtown rules exactly the same as they are now.

Council Member Wolbach: Right. Here's my question. What part of Bullet
Point 3 concerns the maker and the seconder?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Bullet Point 3.

Council Member Wolbach: Under one.


                                                                      Page 100 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
