                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Six months after the full data from Phase 2 is
available. That's probably a year from now.

Mayor Burt: May I ask a question of Staff to clarify this? Under the plan as
we would be approving tonight, what discretion does the Staff still have for
these various adjustments? My understanding is we're not locking into each
and every one of these. We're giving a concept plan direction. Adjustment
could be made before implementation, and adjustments could be made after
implementation by Staff in response to situations. Is that correct?

Mr. Mello: If you approve the contract award for final design, we will begin I
an approximately one year process of surveying, refining the design, looking
at things like where signage is placed, doing a more thorough kind of
analysis of exactly how long the red curb needs to be. We kind of gave you
a best guess at how many spaces we think will be removed. At that same
time, we'll be collecting the RPP parking occupancy data on a quarterly
basis. We'll be looking at that as we move through the final design process.

Mayor Burt: Did I understand correctly that the final design will actually be
subsequent to additional RPP data?

Mr. Mello: Yes.

Mayor Burt: The other half of my question is after we implement a final
design, will Staff have authority to make minor adjustments if we see that
there are greater problems than we anticipated or whatever?

Mr. Mello: Yes. We can also modify the number of permits in the RPP
district. That's another solution.

Mayor Burt: I don't know if that clarifies the intent.

Council Member Schmid: I think my intent is to have a public meeting about
that as opposed to a decision made by Staff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wouldn't accept that.

Council Member Kniss: The seconder is balking, so I think that's a problem,
Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid:       I'd propose it as an amendment, if there is a
second.

Mayor Burt: I don't see a second.


                                                                       Page 51 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
