                         TRANSCRIPT
new square footage seemed logically to make sense. I think it was the
intent of the Motion that that happen. To keep the job level high meant
changing a long-term Council, Staff, City position that the ratio between new
jobs and the mandated parking places was 4 per 1,000. This changes that
ratio dramatically to like 5.7 per 1,000 for the new development, which
seems to me to be a discretionary choice. I would move that we maintain
our tradition going back to the 1988 Citywide land use and transportation
study, that we treat new development as having a ratio of 4 new parking
places or intended jobs per 1,000 square feet.

Council Member Holman: Could we hear it restated please?

Council Member Schmid:          Since the amendment reduced the new
nonresidential square footage by approximately 11 percent, that the new
jobs be reduced by 11 percent as well. The explanation is this was maintain
our longstanding tradition of 4 new jobs per 1,000 square feet.

Council Member Holman: I'll second.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to maintain tradition going back to the 1988 Citywide
Transportation/Land Use Study to treat new development with 4 new
parking spaces per 1,000 square feet.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Burt: Sorry. You said you do second? Motion by Council Member
Schmid, seconded by Council Member Holman.        Before proceeding,
Mr. Keene, did you have a …

Mr. Keene: Maybe we're on the same track. I don't quite understand the
direct relevance of this Motion as it relates to the item that is before the
Council. I think that would need to be made clear. These are contract
amendments to our consultants who are doing work on a project. I don't
know to what extent the concern that's being raised could not be
accomplished with this …

Council Member Schmid: If I could respond. On Packet Page 63, the scope
of work, Section 1A says consultant shall work with City Staff to develop
2030 population, housing and employment projections including build-out
projections. In essence our scope of work says that the Staff will tell the
consultant what to work on. It also says that that will be done up to the
date the contract is approved, which means through today.



                                                                      Page 10 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/28/16
