                         TRANSCRIPT
later date for consideration of this from the outset. Council Member Holman,
I'll let you go.

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry. I put my light on a long time ...

Mayor Burt: Light wasn't on.

Council Member Holman: I'd put my light on a long time ago. There may
be some issue with this light. Thank you for that. Sitting here listening to
my colleagues and members of the public and being on the Committee,
we've heard many of the same comments from members of the public
before that we heard tonight. Where to start. There are any number of
entry points that one could begin commenting on this. My wish is that we
could go forward with a tax this year. That would be my wish. I appreciate
that the Staff has done due diligence. I appreciate the consultants working
in such a short timeframe. I don't think it's been for naught. I think we've
learned a lot. I think we have learned a lot that we can use going forward.
Just to get it out there early, my preference would be to work towards
getting something on the ballot in 2017. Here's the reason. Even though
that would take a two-thirds majority vote, if we wait 'til 2018, we are not
going to start any improvement projects from such a tax until the mid of
2019. That is three years. What do I base that on? There's some
comments made earlier, but just to go back to a conversation that happened
at Committee. There were a lot of Minutes, and I doubt Council Members
have had a chance to go through all of those Minutes. If we get—pick a
time. If we get the measure approved in 2016, November, it's going to be
mid-2017 before there really is any action that takes place, because you
can't anticipate what the vote's going to be. Contractors, consultants aren't
going to be hired. Staff isn't going to be hired to manage any projects.
You're looking at six or seven months, which Staff has said is—it says it's
City Manager Shikada who said that that is pretty much an accurate
timeline. Six months before you can bring people on board to implement
whatever the program is. I'm not eager to wait to put something on the
ballot in 2018, because that leads us to mid-2019, three years. In the
meantime, like I say, we have traffic situations that are exacerbated short of
a severe downturn. I appreciate Mayor Burt for bringing this forward. I've
been a little frustrated with the timing of it takes a long time to bring
something forward. That said, I also appreciate getting to serve on the
Committee. 2009, I tried to assure the business community that I did not
support—Council Member Scharff has mentioned that he was also running
for Council then. In 2009, I also was running for Council. I did not support
the business license tax, because it was not well written. It was not clear
what the businesses would get out of a business license tax that was on the
2009 ballot. Whatever we put on the ballot, I'm hoping in 2017, will be
                                                                        Page 82 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
