                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That's better.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's better.

Mayor Burt: Stronger. Eric, are you still ... No. That leaves it to me. Are
you done? I think so. For me, the principle issues around a project like this
are about the impacts. There are a number of different impacts. One
actually that is very high on the list is the trip impacts on College Terrace. I
think that was glossed over, but that's why we are not seeing a whole bunch
of the College Terrace neighborhood folks here concerned about that impact.
There are the broader traffic impacts. We basically have an EIR that looked
at the impacts absent the TDM program that is now with a performance
metric in the conditions of approval. We have parking. It appears that we
have a project that is going to be significantly over-parked. I've been
racking my brain over what you can do with an extra 20 percent parking
spaces if that is what comes about. I suspect that's what we're going to
have. That's something we'll need to struggle with in the future. The
sustainable aspects of water and energy, this is a very exemplary project.
The concerns over soil toxins are an important consideration. I think they
have been addressed adequately by the Staff responses.               Finally, the
aesthetics. We may hate to lose this fine example of Stalinist revival
architecture, but I'm willing to let it go. On that basis, I support the project.
On the EIR, we have to be cautious between any broader considerations of
how we might think that CEQA should be changed versus whether an
environmental review has been done properly and according to current best
practices as they're acknowledged. I think we have to be really wary of
interjecting our own determination of what is a proper methodology. We
can still argue specifically on whether we think an impact is significant or not
significant, a number of things. It's not a black-and-white issue. What I
heard tonight is really a disagreement most of all—I wouldn't say
exclusively—saying we just don't think the professional best practices are
acceptable. That's not what is before us tonight when we review it. I think
it's reasonable for us to have deeper discussions around that, but that's not
a proper consideration in looking at an individual project. As we look at
following the law and the importance of trying to do that as best we can, we
have to be wary of saying the law ought to be such and such, and I'm not
going to approve a project because I disagree with a law. I think this follows
CEQA law. When we really look at traffic impacts, this has been significantly
overstated. For me, the biggest one, certainly not the only one, is what's
the traffic impact of the project. Our EIR excluded the whole TDM program.
At first, I wasn't sure whether it was mandatory. Staff clarified. We put
even more meat on it in the motion. I think it's proper. I'll be supporting
both the EIR and the project. I think everybody's had a bite at the apple or

                                                                          Page 92 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
