                          TRANSCRIPT
bitty units for single people, divorced people, never married people, widows.
I believe that they could be beautiful and they should be beautiful and they
should be comfortable, have hot water. They have to be small so that you
can fit enough of them in the square feet that you want to see on any
different site. Maybe you could go up a story. I think I'm hearing from this
Council that you are willing to be selective about the height and that you
would consider doing that. I think that there is a number of small units that
could pay for itself. We haven't done that. You do have to realize, as we
saw with the infamous urban redevelopment, to some degree it's
counterproductive to kick out poor people so that you can build affordable
housing. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Leslye Corsiglia to be followed by Herb Borock.

Leslye Corsiglia: Thank you, Mayor and members of the Council. I'm Leslye
Corsiglia; I'm Executive Director of Silicon Valley @Home. I really want to
thank the Council, the Staff, the various Commissions and Committees that
have been talking about this issue and appreciate the thoughtful
conversation. I know that this is really tough. I couldn't agree more that
it's a balancing act of finding a fee that will provide for the affordable
housing and not unduly impact development. As a side note, I was the
director of housing at the time that the City of San Jose approved both its
inclusionary ordinance and its housing impact fee, so I have been through
these conversations before and understand them well. I'm only going to
make a few comments today. We did submit a letter to you that has more
detail. I did want to say that we recommend adopting a rental fee at $25
per square foot. The range is between $17 and $25 as the Staff had noted.
In San Jose, it is $17, but we believe with the housing prices here that the
market is a little different than it is in San Jose. We believe that $25 is a fee
that would work. We also, though, believe that there should be ability for
alternative actions. We believe the same for for-sale housing, that there be
alternative compliance options. For ownership, we support an ownership fee
at $50 a square foot, but we are suggesting that that be started at $25 a
square foot and that it slowly be moved up to $50 and, again, evaluated
each year to make sure that that works. Alternative compliance options
include things like flexibility for developers that would allow them to build
either onsite or offsite, to pay the fee or to include the units in their project.
What we're suggesting is different from the Staff's recommendation of first
of all inclusionary and then going through a series of decision points on
whether or not an alternative compliance option would work. We suggest
that we look to the option that would provide more affordable units. If a fee
would provide more affordable units than onsite, then we think that's the
ultimate goal, to achieve more affordability. Lastly, I would just end with
saying that I agree that this is an important step forward, but we would still
                                                                            Page 56 of 114
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 12/12/16
