                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss Second.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Berman, seconded by Council
Member Kniss. We have no speakers.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to go into Closed Session.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously with
Council Member Holman absent. We will now go into Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Holman absent

Council went into Closed Session at 6:02 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 7:15 P.M.

Mayor Burt: At this time, the Council is returning from a Closed Session
Item. We have no reportable action.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item on the Agenda is City Manager Comments.
Mr. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. A
few items to report. First of all, Caltrans will begin Phase Two of the U.S.
101 San Francisquito Creek Bridge replacement project on March 2nd. The
public will start to see changeable message signs on U.S. 101 and adjacent
streets about upcoming traffic circulation changes associated with the
construction work.       Starting on April 4th, Caltrans will implement its
signalized one-way traffic control on East Bayshore Road in Palo Alto and
East Palo Alto between Pulgas Avenue and Laura Lane. During this phase,
East Bayshore will be reduced to one lane in the vicinity of the creek with a
temporary traffic signal system allowing one direction of traffic at a time.
Bridge demolition and replacement work cannot begin within the creek
channel until June 1st and must be completed by October 15th. One-way
traffic will likely remain in place until October 30th. The northbound half of
the existing East Bayshore Road and creek bridge will be demolished and
reconstructed. During this phase of work, the center lanes of the U.S. 101
bridge will also be reconstructed. Construction crews will typically work
between the hours of 7:00 A.M. to 3:30 P.M. Monday through Friday. Local
                                                                          Page 2 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
