                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Holman: That was my intention. Maybe when we get to a
motion, we might want to ...

Council Member Berman: Make it explicit?

Council Member Holman: Yeah.

Council Member Berman: Got you.

Mayor Burt: Just so that everybody's thinking about what they're proposing
in the context that Staff has recommended. The way it is put here is for us
to provide Staff with comments to inform a revised version for consideration
in the context of the completed draft Comp Plan.

Council Member Kniss: Maybe we don't need motions?

Mayor Burt: That raises the question of whether all of these comments that
we're offering need to go through the process of being in motions. If not in
motions, how would Staff really capture these and differentiate individual
comments from something that's approaching a consensus of a
recommendation? There's a difference between us—there's the process by
which we do this, and then there's how explicit we would be. If we're going
to try to craft language from the dais here, one, I'm not sure that's the best
function that we should be providing. Second, I don't know that that would
happen fully tonight in the time that we have allotted. We haven't really
talked much about how we would offer up what we're recommending
tonight. If it's okay, can we take a pause, ask Staff what they think would
be a process that would be most constructive for us to be able to give our
input along the lines of what is in the written recommendation for us in the
Staff Report.

James Keene, City Manager: We'll just throw these out here. Let's just
think of these comments by the Council Members for a moment right now,
because we may say three different things. This is a little unusual. If I was
the one speaking, I could have a situation where I would say here are lot of
things I've noticed and are a comment or concern or question or I like this
word better than that, but I leave it to the Staff to use your best judgment
as to how you might capture those and incorporate those. You differentiate
that from here's something that is a policy issue of enough substance or
needing amplification that I would specifically like to be sure we call that out
and put it in a motion. That relies on the fact there are nine different people
and you may have nine different ways of drawing where that line is. The
idea of thinking everything would have to get crammed into a motion
                                                                          Page 29 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
