                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Having heard from some of my colleagues, I
definitely recognize the urgency. I'm also not ready to throw in the towel. I
think I'm comfortable even saying tonight I'm happy to do another round of
polling. One question is do we make that recommendation in detail tonight,
do we refer it back to the committee to craft that second round. Again, if we
do another round polling, I would like to—let me ask a first question. How
much money, even just back of the envelope, are we looking to raise with
this? Do we know or have an approximate range?

Mayor Burt: I'll offer again my back of the envelope which could be right or
wrong. I was ball-parking in the neighborhood of $6 million a year.

Council Member Wolbach: Then the next question for me is if we raised a
parcel tax instead, what would that mean per resident per year and let's poll
for that too. If we go for another round of polling, I'd like to see that. I'd
like to have a couple of options. As I mentioned earlier, as Council Member
Berman said, I thought we were going to have a slightly broader discussion
about funding mechanisms. If we're going to do another round of polling for
this year, I want to throw that in there as well. That's kind of a condition for
me of what I'd expect of another round of polling this year. I do feel
hesitant about throwing something else on the business community right
now. Not necessarily opposed to it, but I want to make sure we're very
thoughtful, and we're exploring various options rather than just jumping to
one option with considering the others carefully.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Mr. Keene: One of the things we just need to double check on right now—
excuse me—is—I know this was just a comment—whether a parcel tax is a
special tax, not a general tax. We've just got to double check that.

Council Member DuBois: Two quick things. I think we got the answers. If
there were more questions, just again, what would be the benefit of having
these taxes come at different times versus on the same ballot? If we do ask
additional questions, I think we need to be really crisp on exceptions. I
don't want to see a regressive tax on marginal businesses. I know we had
some ideas in there about ten or more employees and exempting nonprofits.
I think we need to really get crisp with that if we ask additional questions. I
would like to understand if there is a higher tax rate for higher occupancy,
how do we explain that to a voter? If we excluded nonprofits and potentially
excluded small retail businesses, again, how do you define that and make it
clear?

Mayor Burt: I would characterize it that we're not in a position to say we
want to go full speed ahead. The question is do we still want to do another
                                                                        Page 128 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
