                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Thank you. Thank you, Council Member Wolbach,
for those kind words. I'm honored to be nominated for Vice Mayor. As a
former Vice Mayor, I understand the importance of working closely with the
Mayor, Council and Staff to implement the Council's and community's shared
vision. I mean shared vision. Today begins my seventh year on Council.
What has struck me the most is not the differences among Council Members,
but the unanimity of Council. The vision is shared. The differences that we
have are usually about how to achieve a shared goal. Mayor Burt has
spoken eloquently about his vision and priorities for the coming year. I
support that vision and believe that 2016 is a critical year in which we can
bring to fruition much of that vision. We also need to continue to lay the
groundwork for achieving the priorities and vision that Council's been
pursuing over the past couple of years. As Mayor Burt said, this is not a
one-year process. It's accomplishing, bringing home what we can and laying
the groundwork so the following year we can achieve more. That's what I
believe we need to do.           We all want a City that's environmentally
sustainable, fiscally sustainable and who's quality of life is sustainable and
doesn't degrade over time. We have accomplished some great things on the
environmental sustainability front from carbon neutral to banning plastic
bags and composting. Of course, there's more we can do. We will be doing
it and discussing it at our upcoming Sustainability Summit. We have also
made a lot of progress towards a sustainable fiscal future over my seven
years on the Council. That is something we need to be diligent about
moving forward, as seemingly small decisions can have long-term financial
implications. Additionally, as residents of Palo Alto we want a sustainable
quality of life. That means that we as a Council need to work together and
listen to our community as we tackle the issues of traffic congestion, housing
and development. I believe that Mayor Burt and I would work together in
leading the Council towards actionable steps to ensure we maintain our
quality of life here in Palo Alto while taking into account the diverse interests
of our community. This will take not only the Council working together, but
also the Council setting clear priorities, as Mayor Burt said, for Staff and
clearly establishing what we want to accomplish this year. As Vice Mayor, I
intend to work closely with the Mayor, Council Members and the community
to achieve our shared vision of a sustainable Palo Alto and would ask for
your support for me as Vice Mayor.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you, and thank you to Council Member
DuBois for your kind words. I really, very much appreciate them. Council
Member DuBois used a word that I think is really applicable in this case.
That's the word continuity. I think, especially with the election of the Mayor,
continuity is an issue here. I worked with Council Member Burt not only as a
                                                                           Page 9 of 23
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/4/16
