                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Hobart Sze to be followed by Eric Smith.
Welcome.

Hobart Sze: Hello, Council Members. I'm Hobart Sze. My wife and I live on
Loma Verde Avenue. I'd like to start by describe my house's situation. It's
in the middle of two two-story houses. When I think about this, it really
boggles my mind how they can vote yes to SSO and enjoy the benefits. On
the other hand, for me I'm robbed of the same privilege that they use to
enjoy over the decades. I have a growing family, and I have the same
needs as my neighbors; my neighbors have kids. This to me is like a very
serious case of non-reciprocity. There's probably a reason why we kind of
watch out for that whenever there's voting for groups of people. Now I'd
like to talk a little bit about the process. The process, I think, it's pretty
apparent that there are places that it could be improved. There are flaws in
how it's carried out. It doesn't represent the true support, for example, as
the fact that a lot of people revoked their signatures after learning that they
only heard about one side of the information from one group of people. It's
kind of support that there's something wrong with the process. There's
other facts that I've heard when talking to neighbors. Apparently one
neighbor had their lawn mowed and then afterwards was asked to sign in
support of SSO. That's a form of pressure. There's even like neighbors that
had their doors knocked on three times, so many times that they refused to
answer the door anymore. I feel like it's very important to not bend the
rules just because one group of people is very zealous. We should take care
that the rules are in place. Your predecessors set this up a long time ago
with hard numbers, 70 percent, for a very good reason, and we should not
just slightly bend those rules. If privacy is a concern, then I think it's very
reasonable to set up regulation. I just think that they should go through due
process, fair ballot and voting. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Eric Smith. Welcome.

Eric Smith: Thank you and thank everybody for listening. I am for the SSO.
My family and I live on Thomas Drive. I moved here from North Carolina. I
studied architecture, but I never really got to appreciate it as much as when
I moved into an Eichler. It's fantastic. It's great living. There's sky; we
have sky from three-quarters direction. Our other neighbor has a two-story
pop-up, and it blocks the sky and the sun in the afternoon. It's the kind of
thing that's going to take—it's like the domino effect. We can already see it
happening on Richardson Court. The two dominos are set up at one end of
the block and getting ready to—once they build up, everybody is going to—
their neighbor is going to want to build up. I'd like to think that when
people move to the neighborhood that they actually move there because
they like their house, they like the neighborhood, they like the community. I
                                                                        Page 39 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
