                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: We don't have a Staff capacity issue or ability on the timeline.
It's whether or not we can meet the goal as we establish it that's uncertain.
There are different meanings to some of these.

Council Member Holman: Glad it's not a Staff capacity issue. What were the
other numbers that involved Police?

Mr. Keene: The means restrictions on ...

Council Member Holman: What number was that?

Mr. Keene: ... 61.

Mayor Burt: And the Public Safety Building itself which is as much ..

Council Member Holman: There was another one.

Mayor Burt: ... a Public Works project.

Council Member Holman: There was another one too about Middlefield
traffic. Wasn't that Police also?

Mayor Burt: I don't know. Do you have issues with those?

Council Member Holman: Means restriction, just a little bit of description
please about why yellow. I think when the ones are yellow, it's just helpful
to have a little bit more flesh on the bones about what's going on.

Mr. Keene: I would say the main reason that we colored this yellow is that—
of course, when we're talking about means restriction here, we're really
talking about minimizing access to the railroad tracks. Number 1, we still
have fencing work we want to achieve with Caltrain that requires our ability
to kind of negotiate with them and get them on our schedule. That's
uncertain. It's not like we're in complete control of our ability to deliver on a
time table. Secondly, we have the intrusion detection system, which is the
technology. We've got a pilot under way that, I think, Dennis can speak to
better. My understanding is it's testing out to be giving us some good
signals and data about the effectiveness of being able to use technology.
That's not complete. Third, the funding for the intrusion detection system
and the status of funding and actually the efficacy of the pluses and minuses
of the Track Watch guard program itself isn't exactly something that—partly
we're making a value judgment here too by categorizing it as yellow. Do
you know what I mean? None of these are complete or the absolutely ideal
solutions. There are some subsequent decisions we're going to have to
make. We'll be bringing funding decisions to the Council in Fiscal Year '17,
some of which we have in the budget and some of which we don't.
                                                                         Page 45 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
