                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Does Staff have some response to—is this all or nothing
in terms of this—what do we call it?

Council Member DuBois: Bulb-outs.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's not a bulb-out. It's a ...

Mayor Burt: Curb extension.

Vice Mayor Scharff: A curb extension. That's what's causing the loss. It's a
large curb extension there.

Mr. Mello: It's a series of three curb extensions and a total of 14 street
trees that we're showing. We're recommending curb extensions at Tanland
Drive, both legs of Tanland Drive. The one at the western leg is actually
fairly extensive along the park. That includes about eight street trees.

Vice Mayor Scharff: How many parking spots are lost? It was unclear.

Mr. Louch: By the park, you're losing about 11 spots on that side of the
street, and then seven on the other. Further down by the school, you're
losing about 10 on one side and about 16 on the other.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll accept it.

Council Member Berman:       I'm sorry.   What is the amendment?        Is it to
remove ...

Mayor Burt: It says to reduce the removal of parking spaces, not eliminate.

Council Member Berman: It's not to completely ...

Council Member DuBois: It's not a fixed number.

Council Member Berman: It's to look for optimal ways to maybe—I'm fine
with that. It's to Staff's discretion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to reduce the
removal of parking spaces near Greer Park.” (New Park C)

Council Member DuBois: Just one last comment. We heard from folks on
Middlefield Road earlier about legally minimum width of car lanes. Stefan
heck talked about this idea of actually separating tracks. I don't think it's
appropriate for these bike routes. In the future, I think we should entertain


                                                                      Page 60 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
