                          TRANSCRIPT
2005 projections, and they were all wrong. These things are only as good as
any crystal ball can be. Also, just to know quickly that one of the challenges
in looking forward when calculating or projecting future employment is that
employment and nonresidential development are not proportionally related.
I'll show you a slide on that in a moment. Also, I wanted to note that we
haven't done a fine-grained analysis of some of the policy levers and ideas
that are included in the scenarios. Obviously we want the Council's input on
some of those policy ideas. If they were to be included as programs in the
Comprehensive Plan, we would then have to move to a finer-grained
analysis and preparation of Zoning Ordinances and the like. Finally, this is
an important point; it's been raised by some of the commenters in
preparation for this evening's meeting. We haven't at this point analyzed a
mitigated scenario. The Draft EIR that we discussed at one of our recent
meetings uses four scenarios to lay out the potential impacts of the
Comprehensive Plan Update. It also includes a whole suite of mitigation
strategies including one in the transportation section that's a variation of a
kind of trip cap for new development. We have not yet quantified what the
mitigated effects of all those measures would be, but obviously we would
expect any of the scenarios that are selected would have fewer impacts than
have been shown in the EIR. Let me just start with some background on the
City and the region, put this jobs and housing issue in some context. First, I
have a slide that is mostly just for effect. This is really why we're all here
talking about this. We all understand and just feel that job growth in the
region since the end of the great recession has been pretty amazing. This
booming economy has led to a pace of job growth that, I think, none of us
have seen in many years. We just feel it as an important issue that must be
addressed.     This is the slide that shows over time the increase in
employment in the City. This is the line that is a gentle slope on the bottom
there. The green line is showing that over time the City has seen significant
job growth from 78,000 jobs or so to about 95,000 jobs or so over the
period that's shown on this graph. More importantly, just in the last four
years on this slide we've added over six percent in those four years. We're
experiencing job growth. The other part of this slide is showing kind of the
ups and downs, those hills and valleys. That's the amount of nonresidential
square footage that's been entitled in this timeframe. This is meant to
illustrate that while there is a relationship, of course, between new
development and job growth, it's not a proportional relationship. There are
a lot of other issues that affect and determine job growth; the health of the
economy, the amount of vacant space that's available and being absorbed,
the sectors or the type of economic growth that's occurring, and many other
factors. We'll have an opportunity to discuss this in more detail in the future
when we get back to that policy issue around Policy L-8 in the
Comprehensive Plan. Let's look at the regional context on the housing side.
In the region, we've seen steady growth in housing and population over the
                                                                         Page 10 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
