                          TRANSCRIPT
foot limit for high-density housing. Point 3, think boldly about minimal and
zero impact housing.        We can do it.      Point 4, think boldly about
experimenting with zero parking units. We can live with that. The best
thing that we can do is acknowledge that we are here in Silicon Valley, we
pride ourselves on being the capital of it, and we know how to solve
problems. I think each of you has not only the intellectual integrity, but the
creativity and the responsibility of the community to do just that. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Annette Isaacson to be followed by Justine Burt.

Annette Isaacson: Hi. I want to recommend more housing, but it has to be
affordable housing. When I bought my house in 1991—I am a teacher—
teachers could buy houses, nurses could buy houses, firemen could buy
houses, engineers could buy houses. It's not possible now. When we see
the young people, we see people that work in our community. They deserve
to be able to live here. When you live here you can ride your bike. I rode
my bike to school. I didn't have to drive to work. I didn't have to come in
from far away. I know it's really difficult to do, but I think we have to find
some ways to make affordable housing so that our community doesn't just
turn into housing for the very, very rich. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Justine Burt to be followed by our final speaker, Bob Moss.

Justine Burt: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council Members. I live in
Crescent Park; I rent an apartment on University. There's a house down the
street that was just sold, and I looked it up—it's a beautiful house. They
renovated it; it looks really nice. In 2012, it sold for $2.8 million. They
added 1,500 square feet, and it just sold for $8.3 million. That's a 300
percent increase. Why is that going up so much? Is it because of the lack
of housing in Palo Alto perhaps? Part of the problem is most of the City is
zoned for R-1, which makes it impossible to add densification. By not
adding Palo Alto's share of new housing, we're creating an externality on
other cities in the Bay Area, nasty traffic jams for those other cities. Not fair
to them. We need more density along the transit corridor. That won't mean
more traffic if we expand mass transit, how often it runs and how extensive
it is. This morning, did anyone hear Michael Krasnevky's [phonetic] forum?
It was on housing. Someone specifically said all cities in the Bay Area need
to add more housing, including Palo Alto and Mountain View, specifically
calling out Palo Alto. I understand North Bayshore, the City of Mountain
View, just approved 9,000 units. I challenge Palo Alto to take a look at this
as well. If you're trying to figure out the number of units to add, look at the
projected population growth for the Bay area and divide it by what portion
Palo Alto should provide of that. It's not just Palo Alto here; we're in the

                                                                         Page 81 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
