                         TRANSCRIPT
The State law allows us to segregate those items out of a budget. That's
how we do this. We pull the Stanford first, and then Council Member DuBois
can come back and participate in the rest of the budget. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: This segment in the first phase is bifurcated deliberations
between Stanford and non-Stanford related items. We now deliberate on
the first phase, portions of Agenda Item Number 9 regarding Police, Fire and
Office of Emergency Services budgets and the CIP budget related to
Stanford University. Are there any questions or comments on the Police,
Fire, Office of Emergency Services and CIP budgets affecting Stanford? I
don't see any lights. We'll now vote on just that segment. I'd now like to
ask for a Motion to approve the Finance Committee and Staff
recommendation that the City Council adopt the portions of the Police and
Fire Department budgets and the CIP—sorry? And the CIP relating to
Stanford for Fiscal Year 2017 and the related ordinance portions.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll so move.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Burt: Motion—Council Member Schmid had a question. Why don't we
do the question first?

Council Member Schmid: I guess the only item that specifies Stanford might
be the Fire. Do you have a comment on your recommendation on the Fire
Department?

Mr. Keene: I'd make two comments in general on that. The existing
contract and agreement we have with Stanford runs through October of this
year, 2016, the terms and the funding amount for that contract we have.
We also, though, anticipating that there could be some changes in the future
contract later this year—we're in negotiations with Stanford right now—was
one of the reasons that we recommended this year setting aside this special
one-time uncertainty reserve, we called it, to provide funding for any gaps
that we may have between the existing contract and whatever we settle on
negotiating. At this point in time, we don't know what that amount would
be.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve the Police, Fire, Office of Emergency Services and CIP Budgets
affecting Stanford University.



                                                                          Page 21 of 100
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                         Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
