                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: If there's anybody on that list that's missing, we're happy to
include them. Just let us know.

Council Member Holman: Small business owners. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I don't have anything as extensive as Karen did. I
do want to start on Page 2 and Page 3 where we talked about essentially
permitted or operating as of March 2nd and so forth. It defines retail use as
including the following, but two things are puzzling. Service stations and
automotive services. Is there any place where that's allowed?

Mr. Lait: Are you referring to Page 2 of the Staff Report, Packet Page 302?

Council Member Kniss: In SOFA II, but nothing.

Mr. Lait: What this section of the report is referring to is the interim
regulation Ordinance and how the Council defined retail and retail-like uses.
What we're talking about is having a more strategic definition particularly
along University Avenue, and then modifying that in the ground-floor
protection area that I don't believe would include all of these land uses.

Council Member Kniss: I hear that, but I—I hear the BMW, but this seems
somewhat unusual. Auto dealerships, I can't imagine an auto dealership
that we would consider accepting on the very outside of this zone. It just
seems somewhat odd to have it included.

Mr. Lait: Right. Just to be clear, we're not proposing that. That's the
existing Code today. That's the interim Ordinance today, that's in place.
The urgency Ordinance would allow that.

Council Member Kniss: On the next page, wherever I found nail salons and
barbershops, that was also puzzling as well. I walked University Avenue
today. There are two barbershops that appear to be doing very nicely. The
same with nail salons that somehow have become equated to really
undesirable places. The two or three that I went into were doing well and
operating nicely. I hope we keep that same mix long term. If we got rid of
the barbershop next to the President Hotel, I think there would probably be
a recall effort.

Mr. Lait: Just to be clear, no uses are being—first of all we don't have an
Ordinance in front of us. It's the concept, I think, what we're interested in.
Do you like the idea of reinforcing University Avenue with retail and
restaurants and those types of uses? Do you want to continue to allow for

                                                                       Page 59 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
