                         TRANSCRIPT
guidance than "and in urban areas," if we can come up with—or "commercial
areas."

Mayor Burt: For instance, do you mean that that would all apply up and
Downtown El Camino?

Council Member Holman: I would think it should, yeah. Right now what
happens is we get buildings that will run for 150, 200 feet when the pattern
adjacent to them might be 50-foot wide patterns.

Mayor Burt: This is more specific than what you just described. If you can
come up with something that captures more than what's here, I'd be open to
it. Saying that we've got to have compatibility on the proportions and
orientations of windows, bays and doorways on San Antonio and El Camino,
I don't think that's ...

Council Member Holman: I wouldn't say San Antonio, no.

Mayor Burt: That's what we're talking about. That's what your Motion says,
I believe. That's why I'm suggesting ...

Council Member Holman: That why I'm looking for language that would be
commercial. I'm thinking El Camino, the Downtown urban core and the
California urban core.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved,
seconded by Council Member XX to remove Part iii of the Amendment and
replace in the Amendment, “urban areas” with “the Downtown urban core,
California Avenue core, and El Camino Real.”

Mayor Burt: I'll just say that I'm open to something stronger, but I'm
concerned that this language—I wouldn't be comfortable with in all those
areas that you—I'd be interested in our two Downtown areas, but not those
others that you cited. It either needs to be loosened in the language or
tightened in the geographic area.

Council Member Holman: How about if I tighten the geographic and take off
D? "Is compatible within the context"—I'm sorry. "Establishes design
linkages with surrounding existing buildings so that the visual unity of the
street is maintained at a minimum by," we'll use B and C, not D and apply it
to the Downtown urban core, California Avenue core and El Camino.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say I'm not comfortable with El Camino for some of
these. I just don't think we have that pattern. I think it's inconsistent with
the reality of El Camino.

                                                                      Page 101 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
