                          TRANSCRIPT
about how we'd like to keep—at least most people have addressed this—the
parkland per resident the same or have made comments that they'd like to
continue that. From what I understand—correct me if I'm wrong—it's two
acres per 1,000 residents of neighborhood parks.               I don't believe in
aspirational stuff. I think it's silly. I think you either do it or you don't. You
have at least a plan to get there. I guess I was going to ask. I noticed
when did the Citizen Survey we just got that said that since 2013 we've—I
wrote it down—had 1,470 residents move in. Do we have my 2 1/2 acres
bought in the last two years? If we're serious about this rather than just say
it because it sounds like the right thing to do, there are a lot of corner lots
that come available. I drive around town, and I see a corner lot all over the
place. They would look great as little, mini parks. I guess the question is
how do you fund it. If we really have this plan, then we need to basically
come up with a funding plan which is some sort of fee structure or
something that works. Otherwise, we can just say we want to do it, but it
means nothing. I think we look foolish frankly, saying it and then not doing
it. When was the last time we bought a little neighborhood parkland? I
think that's something we should do. There's also these little pieces of land
and pocket park opportunities that might exist. I know we've been doing
some of those in the past. I see them as well. I think they look great. The
more of those little opportunities—I like those. As to opening up Foothill
Park, I also fall in the category that it's a preserve, and that we should be
sensitive to how much we open up. The one thing I did think with equity
and fairness, frankly, is Stanford opens up the Dish to us, and I think we
should open it up to Stanford people. They weren't part of that not buying
it.

Council Member Kniss: (Inaudible).

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think they open it up. I do. I think it's out there; it's
available; there's tons of people using it.     We use their campus for
recreational all the time. I think that's something we should consider.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: At the risk of saying something bad, if you go up
there on a bike, nobody every checks. First of all, I think it's been fun to
watch this evolve.    I think you guys have been very methodical and
organized and systematic about this. Looking forward to seeing the results.
I just wanted to chime in briefly on the population issue that Council Member
Schmid brought up and also Wolbach and Greg did. I think it's relevant to
the supply of services in town including parks. I think one difference
between the school forecast and the City forecast on this stuff, I think it's

                                                                         Page 108 of 113
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/25/16
