                         TRANSCRIPT
distinct but complementary projects that work together. You heard a
discussion about where we were with the wayfinding signage, which is going
to be designed to accommodate real-time information once the parking
guidance system information is available. Your instruction was to proceed
with the design of that. We reported that we did think that could be funded
with the resources currently available. You also heard a presentation on
parking guidance systems, gave us some direction on the type of system
that you wanted to implement within the garages. We reported that we did
not currently have the funding for that, but you directed us to proceed with
the design with the expectation that we'll identify a funding source in the
future. Again, two projects, complementary but distinct. I think your
direction was to move forward with both of them.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. One final thing, and then I'll make the
Motion. On the $500,000, I like Staff's interpretation. What I understand
that to be is that it is a contingency fund, that these are the three projects
that will likely—two projects plus other stuff. If other things come up during
the year, which at least five or six things came up this year that we hadn't
anticipated, that contingency could be used for that. There is no one-third,
one-third, one-third. There is no direction from Council to spend the money
in any particular way other than to come back to us with what you think are
the right things to do, and right now these are the three things you think the
money will probably likely be spent.          With that, I'll move the Staff
recommendation with the following changes. We do additional funding of
$50,000 for HSRAP for emerging needs. We do $750,000 in addition to
what we've done previously for the Section 115.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Male: The what?

Vice Mayor Scharff:     The Section 115, that's the sinking fund for the
pensions.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to adopt an Ordinance approving the Operating and Capital Budgets and
Municipal Fee Schedule; and each of the related rate increases, utility
financial plans, and salary schedule Resolutions with the following changes:

A.   An additional $50,000 for an Emerging Needs Fund for Human
     Services Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP); and

B.   An additional $750,000 set aside towards the unfunded pension
     liability (establishment of a Section 115 Trust Fund).

                                                                            Page 51 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
