                          TRANSCRIPT
need to look at. I think the question of adaptive strategies and flexible
strategies is really key.

Council Member Holman: Last thing and then I won't look for answer right
now. The life cycle of a new building versus an old building. The C&D is one
aspect, but then there's the life cycle of other energy. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'll try and keep this simple and straightforward.
You asked for clear direction, something that would enable action. Let me
just make a comment on process, and then a technical one on data. The
process one. I feel the last week or so I've been in the middle of A Tale of
Two Cities. Not London and Paris during the French Revolution, but Palo
Alto doing a Comp. Plan and Palo Alto doing an SCAP. In the SCAP and even
in Mr. Heck's discussion tonight, it was very clear that a lot of success,
especially in the transportation area, comes from higher density. If you look
on your Report, Pages 19 and 20, you talk about walkable neighborhoods,
bike networks, shuttle expansion, transit passes, mixed use, mobility as a
service, ridesharing, carpools. All those things work effectively in more
dense communities.         Professor Heck had a nice diagram of that.
Unfortunately, Palo Alto's flaw is its density is very low even in the urban
area. If you compare it to the other four cities in Silicon Valley, it's 30
percent lower. If you look at communities like Oakland, Berkeley, Los
Angeles, it's less than half. Chicago, Philadelphia, San Francisco, it's a third
or a quarter. New York, it's a seventh. Ideas on where transit can work
effectively, where you have a walkable communities are harder where you
have low density. I was very struck in one of your proposals at the end of
your Report. You state that one request you're making is to target a
jobs/housing balance of 1.44. That's on your next to last page. That deals
with density. How do we get a better balance between jobs and people in a
community, create mixed use, walkable neighborhoods and so on? Now, the
other side of the two cities was the Comp. Plan. A week ago, we had four
scenarios coming to us of let's examine these in detail. They had jobs,
employed resident ratios of three, three, three, and 4.7, almost twice of
what you're pushing for, that makes sense. Why weren't you a participate in
that evening? Where was the sustainability voice that it would be good to
have one scenario with one of these options, one of these alternatives? I
look and see, ask the process question, how does our thinking on
sustainability fit into these other things? The Draft Environmental Impact
Report (DEIR) scenarios. Tomorrow night the Citizen Advisory Committee
(CAC) is talking about transportation. Isn't there some input that you
should have on that? We are starting the process now of our Urban Water
Management Plan. By June, 2016 we have to have an approved plan that
                                                                         Page 73 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
