                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Atkinson: The contract amendment is just to allocate the budget for the
signage contractor in the event that signage is needed. No signage can go
up until the resolution is adopted or approved, whatever the word is.

Council Member DuBois: Does that address your issue?

Council Member Kniss: I guess we can do that, but I'm not sure what it's
going to be used for. I thought it was to be used for new signs.

Ms. Atkinson: It is for proposed new signage, but we would not start field
work or installation until the resolution is approved. It's also for modification
of the existing signs in the Phase 1 boundary for those stickers that
designate what zone is on what block.

Council Member Kniss: I'm not there, you guys. Sorry.

Council Member Schmid: Do you want to suggest something to ...

Council Member Wolbach: Council Member Schmid, may I weigh in?

Council Member Kniss: I suggested continuing the item for two weeks so we
can terminate this meeting and set up another meeting, but I don't think
we're in agreement.

Council Member Wolbach: Council Member Schmid, may I weigh in on this?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah.

Council Member Wolbach: First thing, I just want to kind of triple check
here. I want to make sure that we're all on the same page. The only areas
in Zones 9 and 10 which would have signage added are those that are
highlighted in yellow. Correct?

Male: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: Those are highlighted in yellow because residents
on those streets don't like what they see, and they're asking us for a redress
of grievances. They're asking us to establish parking restrictions on their
streets to protect them from parking intrusion from the Downtown core. Is
that correct?

Mr. Mello: That is correct.

Council Member Wolbach: I am reluctant to further delay granting that
redress of grievance to those streets, so that's why I'm reluctant to delay
moving forward. This would not establish RPP for the rest of those blue
                                                                        Page 118 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
