                         TRANSCRIPT
once in a lifetime generation undertaking. It's the primary tool for guiding
future development. As you know, this process was rebooted in 2014 with
extensive Council direction. That direction included development of an
integrated collaborative process between the community, the Council and a
representative body of residents to build a new Comprehensive Plan. We
expect to present the updated Comp. Plan back to you at some point in early
2017.    Familiar with this structure here.      What you see is the State
requirements behind organization, what our Comp. Plan has and what the
new one has per your direction. It's worth noting that there's general
consensus right now that the current Comp. Plan or the existing Comp. Plan
is actually sound and doesn't require an extensive rewriting, so that's the
way we have been pursuing our business. This is another graph that you're
familiar with. It's a representation of the nature of our ongoing processes
developed under your direction. As you can see, there's many opportunities
for check-in updates as well as public participation. Not listed here is the
tool that we've employed to gather broad community input, the digital
commenter. To date, we've had thousands of unique views and hundreds of
comments on elements placed on line for review. It's been a very successful
tool. With you tonight is the CAC in the first two rows. It looks like mostly
over here. I can't say enough wonderful things about this body. The CAC
has spent countless hours of their time on the update process, sharing their
expertise, offering new and exciting suggestions and even on occasion
having spirited debate. All of them are true citizen advocates, and I wanted
to thank them personally for their outstanding contributions to this process.
Special thanks goes to our Co-Chairs who are up in front of us tonight,
Arthur and Dan. You've both made this a much better and much more fun
process. I thank you as well. If you can't read the placards that are behind
us, here is the full list of those members of the Citizens Advisory Committee
that this body has appointed. Not everyone could be here tonight, but I'm
sure a few of them are watching from home. One additional thing I do want
to say is that there is one missing name from the list here. It's Jared Jacobs
who actually resigned from the CAC last week. I wanted to mention that
Staff is going to be recommending that, instead of making an appointment
to add someone who would be very much behind in their workload,
continuing with the existing group, we think, makes some sense. Pretty
self-explanatory description here of what the CEQA process is. The first two
bullets provide some basic, general information about what we do under
CEQA. The next four are a reflection of the process that this Council has
adopted related to the Draft EIR moving forward. June 2014, there was a
scoping and Notice of Preparation. In December, this body authorized a
Draft EIR to study impacts from the land use scenarios that we'll be talking
about in a moment. In 2015, there was the—authorized the development of
a fiscal analysis. We concluded the set of outreach activities with the
Summit as the Draft EIR preparation continued. Our Comp. Plan Draft EIR,
                                                                            Page 42 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
