              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                               Special Meeting
                                                                June 27, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:10 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, DuBois arrived at 5:13 P.M., Filseth, Holman,
            Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our first item is Agenda Changes, Additions or Deletions. We
have none, except to make sure the public knows that Item Number 20 is
continued to June 28, tomorrow evening.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item is City Manager comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I just might add on the
last point that you made that the Clerk's Office and the Staff worked pretty
hard to get the word out to the public in advance of this meeting that Item
20 was scheduled for tomorrow night. Hopefully everybody who's interested
in that item comes tomorrow night. Edgewood Plaza, I did want to let the
Council know again that the City continues to collect the fine of $1,000 per
day due to the absence of a grocery store tenant at the Edgewood Plaza
shopping center. As you know, a grocery story was required as a public
benefit under the Planned Community Zoning Ordinance for the shopping
center. The initial tenant, Fresh Market, closed in March of 2015. At the
Staff level, we continue to talk to the developer, Sand Hill Properties. Talked
to them last week about their obligation to fill the space with a new grocery
tenant. We've also spoken to the lead person on the real estate side at
Fresh Market who is seeking to assign their lease to a new operator. I did
want to share that both parties are saying they are close to a deal with one
new grocery tenant.        That is Lucky's Supermarkets, who they are
negotiating with and who is interested in the space. We'll keep the Council
apprised as we learn more about the progress of negotiations and if we
identify ways that the City might be able to help speed the process of
                                                                       Page 1 of 98
