                          TRANSCRIPT
described earlier, I don't know how we could not be that. One other
comment, which I think is my last one, trying to be very quick and efficient
here.   Our Comp Plan talks about not expanding roadways.           It was
mentioned in the Staff Report either to us or to the Planning Commission—I
don't remember which—about if we do this, this and this, we won't have to
expand roadways. We ain't expanding roadways. That's not our community
character or standard. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: To keep us on schedule, I think I'll send Staff my
lengthier comments, just to focus on a couple of things. One idea we
haven't talked about is exploring some ways to put maybe some teeth into
our traffic studies. I think we should explore methods to motivate more
accuracy over time. For example, if we had a follow-up after a project was
completed and actually compared the forecast to the actual, something
along those lines. I agree, I think, with a lot of the comments that were
made. I'd like maybe an item to come back to Council at some point in the
future to evaluate our LOS thresholds. I do think we should really try to get
to time spent traveling per mode and really look at impacts. If we make a
change and it lengthens bike travel time, that's the most important thing, or
if we make other impacts and it impacts car travel time. I think with this
GPS data from smart phones that's going to be very possible to do. A
couple of years ago, I actually spoke to the VP of Business Development at
Waze. They are providing real time data to some big cities. I think we
should continue to look at data sources that may not be traditional traffic
management companies, but could have some really interesting data sets.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Slightly different way to address this. I remember
sometime during the past year at the League of Cities we had someone who
spoke to us, whose name I don't remember at the time. His emphasis was
on how LOS is actually determined. Can you describe that, one of you?

Mr. Milam: Presuming you're talking about vehicle level of service maybe at
an intersection?

Council Member Kniss: Yes.

Mr. Milam: What it's trying to measure is vehicle delay. That delay
calculation consists of a number of factors, the volume of cars going through
the intersection, the geometric design of the intersection, how many lanes
does it have and also how the traffic control operates. If it's a traffic signal,
                                                                         Page 34 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
