                         TRANSCRIPT
10 minutes. I don't know if that would be a friendly amendment.                As
opposed to 15.

Council Member Wolbach:        I'm reluctant, but I'd be comfortable with
accepting that as a friendly amendment.

Council Member Schmid: I would too.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the end of the Motion, “with 10 minute
interviews.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I would be comfortable with that as well. Maybe we
need to separate the two, but I would be quite comfortable with 10. As I
read through them, I thought we are a very fortunate City to have the
quality of those who applied. Many of them I haven't met, but they have
incredibly good resumes. I think we have an embarrassment of riches in
many ways, to have 16 people who want to serve on our Planning and
Transportation Commission. A fair amount of time, a good deal of energy
will be spent.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I know this is going to sound like a picky little
thing. The Planning and Transportation Commission is such an important
body, and we did set and very deliberately set 15 minutes for interviewing
them. Sixteen times five is what? What is that? It's an hour.

Mayor Burt: It adds another hour and a half.

Council Member Holman: It's an hour and a half of our time versus the
many hours that these Commission Members are going to be spending
working on City projects and reviewing Staff Reports. I think if we can't
spend an extra hour and a half to interview these folks, kind of shame on us
a little bit. I would offer to the maker that we go back to 15 minutes.

Mayor Burt: I think proper procedure, given that it's already been accepted
as an amendment, you can offer it as a standalone amendment.

Council Member Holman: I'll offer it as a standalone amendment, that we
go back to 15 minutes, which was our established preference and policy.

Mayor Burt: Is there a second to that? It appears to fail.

                                                                     Page 44 of 120
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/19/16
