                          TRANSCRIPT
of ran out when we initially constructed this thing, so we didn't put the
canopy in. It's been through the site and design process, Staff approval
level, and we just wanted to show you how that would sort of look. It
wouldn't be big enough; it'd be off to the right, so you wouldn't see it in that
left-hand picture. We wanted you to know that it is coming, and it'll be a
canopy. No new buildings, but just a canopy over part of the existing area.
Just to put a finer point on the discussion we had with the Architectural
Review Board. On the left, you see the building as we originally proposed it.
They felt we'd missed an opportunity to do some more interesting things
with the front of this. This is the west-facing elevation; that's what you'll
see as you drive into the sewage treatment plant, which is that photo I just
showed you on the last slide. What we originally proposed is on the left.
Our reaction to the Architectural Review Board comments was to propose an
additional window on the upper story of the building and a green wall system
with kind of a wave to it, that you see there. They liked the additional
window; they did not like the green screen. We have, at my own personal—
I would have preferred the green screen. We can't afford to hang around
and argue about this, so we're moving forward with their recommendation
and no green screen. There's a picture of our incinerator, the thing that will
be—there's two of them. We'll be eliminating them as soon as—we won't be
knocking them down; that's a very expensive thing. We'll be discontinuing
their service forever as soon as we get the new dewatering facility up and
running. That brown square shows you—on our Long Range Facility Plan,
you've seen this diagram before; it's been a while. The brown square is
where we would put the new sludge handling facilities that replace the
incinerator. Again, anaerobic digestion is what we're headed toward, but
we'll be revisiting that, looking at all the latest technologies such as
gasification which we've talked about before. We'll be looking back at that
again. That's Step 2. Tonight is just Step 1, the dewatering and off-haul
facility. Now you see in the sort of middle, upper, the yellowish, that's our
new sludge dewatering building. It's a much smaller area than that big
brown area I showed you, because the big brown area also encompasses
where we'd put the digester as Step 2. There's some other details there. If
you want to get into it, we can show you the other adjustments that we
made in response to the ARB comments. That's what the very front of our
facility looks like now. We're very proud. We spent—it was a $1 million
project to do landscaping all around the plant. This was one of the signature
areas, our new sign and the public art that you see on the right. It
corresponds to some other public art, which I guess we didn't have a slide
of, in the middle of the facility. Here again is on the left the building as
we're proposing it. On the right, that canopy that is just off to the right
outside the photograph. I think we've been over this. From the Harbor
Road side or the marsh side, this is what you'd see. This is as if you're
driving toward the parking lot for Byxbee Park. You're part way along
                                                                          Page 42 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
