                          TRANSCRIPT
down there? Do you want housing down there? For example, what are the
unique aspects here? As far as my speaking to this, I really think it would
be great to go to the community, the residents, and find out with the
crowdsourcing—I know I've said this before. If you don't put high-density
developments where it should go, it'll go where it shouldn't go. The same
thing says for crowdsourcing. Why are we not reaching out a little bit more
to the community? I know you've done outreach, and I thank you for that.
What can you do here and in the other one as well, for Number 5, to really
come up with a better crowdsourced idea? If we can't come up with the
solutions here in Palo Alto and in Silicon Valley, they simply either aren't
there or they're not politically available to use at this rate or they're not
financially sound or financially pencil out. Either which way, if it's one of
those three deficits, I think what we do is then go back, and then we try to
figure out where can we correct those measures. I didn't have a chance
with the other, but right here as well I think you were looking at public-
private partnerships. Once again, the question would be not just TDM but
what about public-private partnership. I believe the Council thought that
you could do it on your own. I think there is some risk that you don't have
to take as much if you do public-private partnership, whatever this is,
whether it's a parking garage or whatever. Obviously it's a public aspect if
you're using the safety and the policy on C6. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.      Patricia Saffir to be followed by Hamilton
Hutchings.

Patricia Saffir, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Mayor Burt and members
of the Council, I'm Patricia Saffir. I'm too short. I'm approaching Item 5
from a little bit different direction than many of the people are. I wanted to
point out to you, bring to your attention, the editorial column in last Friday's
Weekly. That article reminds us that for some years the air spaces over our
commercial area parking lots have been considered great places for housing,
especially for affordable housing. They are near services, jobs and transit,
and the land is owned by the City, which would reduce the cost of building
the housing. Now, just because we think we need more parking and plan to
build a parking garage, it seems a shame to lose these ideal housing spaces.
Isn't it time to think about raising our height limit to allow the parking
garage and some badly needed housing? Rather than simply approve a
plain garage, I urge you to direct the Staff to investigate using these lands
for mixed-use parking and housing. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Hamilton Hutchings to be followed by our final
speaker, Ester Nigenda.



                                                                          Page 28 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
