                         TRANSCRIPT
side and an emergency vehicle in the middle, if it's an emergency vehicle
and a bike or a car and bike, it gets pretty crowded pretty quick in
Southgate. As just a general comment, I think we should have that policy
everywhere in the City. If we don't already, there are other streets in other
parts of the City where you have the same issues including in Downtown
North. I'm never enthusiastic about taking parking spaces, but for safety I'll
make an exception. I do think that we should prioritize the engineering
solutions separately but not in advance of, not to cause delay of RPP. One
of the tough questions I don't have a clear answer on is whether we should
do the same system for Evergreen Park as we do for Southgate. We did
hear from Christine—thank you by the way for those who came both the City
School Liaison Committee where we heard about the challenges there.
Thank you for coming again tonight. We heard from Christine that in
Southgate not everybody is enthusiastic about being part of the same
system as Evergreen Park. I do think that Evergreen Park having a system
that's either an extension of the College Terrace one or a parallel system,
whichever is most efficient, easiest, fastest, cheapest to get done, I'm in
favor of. I don't really care if it's one system that's enlarged or a second
one that's parallel. Whatever gets it done fastest. As far as having a
separate on for Southgate, if the community is okay with and seems to
prefer, from what I heard tonight, having a separate process because they
do want to have some community outreach, they do want to have
stakeholder engagement, which would especially Stanford and more than
anyone Paly. In the meantime, we accelerate some of the engineering
solutions. That might be the way to go for those two. I'll leave my
comments at that for the time being.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: First of all, I think absolutely Evergreen needs RPP
parking. That's clear. Southgate does too. The question is what is the best
way to approach to this. For Southgate, it seems fairly to me. The person
who came up and spoke and said they wanted to create a Southgate RPP
through a stakeholder process. That's what I heard from that. It seems
reasonable; that's appropriate. I think Southgate and Evergreen are
different. That's where I think we should go on Southgate. I also think
Southgate should get some interim relief for the summer as the Paly kids go
away. There's a little bit more time there on Southgate to do that than on
Evergreen. I don't know if most of you know my office is actually right next
to Evergreen. I've been there for 16 years now. When I first started in
Evergreen, there's always been parking intrusion in that neighborhood.
Always. It's gotten progressively worse. Actually I was driving through the
neighborhood to get to Sven's house to charge my car. This is a true story.
Some women comes out and says there's one parking spot over there if you
                                                                       Page 94 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
