                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Nose: I think you're talking about when Jim was mentioning the
Building Planning Technician.

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Ms. Nose: What that position is actually doing is trying to make the
Planners more efficient. It's actually front desk support. Right now what
actually happens is all of the Planners will physically move their desks from
their Planning office down to the front desk to staff the front desk. It's
about—I don't know—10 percent of their time throughout a given year.
What this position is going to do is allow the Planners to actually be Planners
and do planning and put that clerical position at that front desk and alleviate
that movement of them, so that they can actually focus on true planning
activities.

Mayor Burt: I hear that, and I'll look for the Finance Committee to scrutinize
that one in particular. Finally, we have the issue of the unfunded pension
liability which, for all of the great things that we have done over the last
years in reforming not only what was an unsustainable financial horizon for
the City, but we did that and we have now addressed this incredible backlog
in unfunded and reduced our backlog in infrastructure in a really major way.
The remaining real great challenge for us is this unfunded pension liability.
In this year's budget, refresh me where we stand. The Council gave
direction. Refresh for me where we stand and we are in the coming budget.

Mr. Perez: We have action from the Finance Committee that needs to come
forward to the Council. From the 2015 Fiscal Year close excess funds, we
set aside $1.3 million. The Finance Committee is making a recommendation
to you, the Council, to start what we call a Section 115 Trust. It's similar to
what we did with the retiree medical, as you may recall. We set up a trust,
and we put the funds aside. They're irrevocable. The direction is that 1.3 of
the General Fund side is for us to look for options or recommendations on
how the other funds can also contribute towards their unfunded portion. We
have that broken down. We can issue a Request for Proposal (RFP) and
have a provider manage the trust and invest the funds for us. Then, the
other to do is to look for ways to continue funding that. Obviously we're
challenged in '17, so there's not a specific recommendation. There is a
desire by the Finance Committee as part of their recommendation that we
explore options in '17 as well and to look for a recommendation and funding
policy. A quick example I can give you, just so it gives you a flavor of what
we're looking at. Anything over the 18 and a half threshold right now in the
Budget Stabilization Reserve, the City Manager can send a recommendation
to you that it be sent to fund the infrastructure projects. There could be a


                                                                         Page 44 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
