                          TRANSCRIPT

the new ones. In particular out of all the new ones, here's all the ones that
would have a cost in setting it up and a Staff cost in implementing. Several
of my colleagues have spoken about that. That potentially has a significant
impact on what might come out of this. It's a different discussion from
looking at each one individually. That's a tough thing to do because, as we
said, we can look at almost every one of these and say it's meritorious.
That's going to be a difficult set of efforts at winnowing it down that I think
we're going to need to do. I don't know when that would occur, because we
haven't had any discussion from a process standpoint how or when that
would occur. Jeremy ...

Mr. Dennis: I can comment on that, Mayor Burt. I think we understood that
coming forward with a draft is going to have a variety of items that Council
may be grappling with. My understanding of the way that the process works
in other Comp Plans, General Plans is that during the implementation
element phase, you'd have the whole thing in front of you and you'd be able
to do this kind of analysis and understand really what it looks like. We didn't
contemplate that happening this early related to what you're doing this
evening.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say aside from the substance of the policies and
programs, it's wordy. Some of this, it just doesn't look like we've gone yet
through that. We've maybe been debating what policies and programs we
want and haven't really taken an editing pen to it, including things like—just
an example of Table C-2 that talks about library facilities.           We say
newspapers and magazines; we have a word periodicals. Then we go into
listing DVDs, CDs, books and CD. Fifteen years from now, our DVDs, CDs,
books on CD going to be as familiar to as cassette tapes and 8-tracks and
phonograph records. Over the course of the last 15 years, there are a lot of
times we've looked back and go what dated references we have in these
specific programs. We ought to be trying to write things that aren't going to
be quickly outdated and look just silly. Let's look at how to—we have
electronic media; that's a term that captures everything.           We have
periodicals. I just use that as just one of many examples throughout this.
We talked about the enthusiasm for addressing the issues around permanent
housing. I think that is very appropriate. I would have real hesitation to go
into anything approaching the lengthy wording that was initial enthusiasm to
adopting that came from members of the public. I think this could be
written in probably a quarter of the words that's proposed. Also just to
avoid references to specific programs tied to a given entity—there will be
some that we'll do that. There may be some that may be a different partner
that we have in the future. I think we need to be cautious about that.
                                                                         Page 42 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
