                          TRANSCRIPT
You mentioned that you're also interested in comments and feedback in
addition to just the Motion. As I read the document, basically it looked to
me like a good quantitative definition of the problem and a table of contents.
The key is where do we go next as we fill in those chapters in the table. As I
looked at it, I think prioritization is going to be really important here. This
could be a big project just to finish the document, let alone actually go do
the implementation. I think it's one of those things where it's all good, but
we're going to run out of Staff time and consulting resources before we run
out of good things to do. Given that, how do we narrow it down? The
numbers. I understand the exercise of throwing down some numbers, even
if we don't know how we'll make them. I agree with that as a first cut, but I
think some of these are really speculative and some of them may even
conflict with each other. I'm not sure we're ready to make a lot of decisions
based on those. What I did find really compelling was the pie chart. I
concur with a couple of the speakers. I guess it was Bruce and Brad who
urged focus initially anyway on transportation and gas. I think that makes
sense for a couple of reasons. One, it's where we're going to find the
biggest impacts as we learn. The other is I worry about the ever-expanding
Staff time as we start putting real programs and plans and non-recurring
engineering into this and figuring out what actually the numbers really are
instead of our guesses. I'll come back to that. On transportation and gas, I
think the EV-ization makes sense. I was sort of looking at this, and the
more incentives you can provide to get people to do that—get rid of crickets.
No, we don't want to do that.

Mr. Keene: It's just part of the natural environment section.

Council Member Filseth: If you're going to charge for parking, maybe EVs
are exempt, for example, that kind of stuff. All the detail programs. I
wasn't going to, but I will comment briefly on Council Member Schmid's
discussion of jobs/housing ratio. That only works if the housing goes to
people who work in Palo Alto. If you get people who work in San Francisco,
then not only have you not reduced Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT), you've
actually increased it. If we're going to do regional commute engineering,
I'm not sure that jobs/housing ratio is the right metric. I think we really
need to look at commute trips in and out of the City. On the gas thing, if 63
percent really is commercial and industrial, then I think that's a good focus.
I was very interested in the zero net energy discussion. I thought that was
kind of interesting if we're going to do this. It also implies all electric, which
is interesting too.     Council Member Holman's comments on embedded
energy, I agree with as well. We're trying to get to 150,000 metric tons of
CO2 by 2030. If you look at the 1.3-million-square-foot Facebook project
that's going up next door, it's 75 pounds a square foot. That's going to add
50,000 metric tons. That's a third of where we're—one project. I think we
                                                                          Page 51 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/28/16
