                          TRANSCRIPT
kind of impacts does that have on water. Council Member Schmid brought
up earlier, the prior item, what our water usage actually is. Is our EIR really
addressing what our water usage is going to be with an increased housing
population? I do think that whatever housing we build should be focused on
BMR. I agree with—Judy Kleinberg is gone now. I agree with what she said
about we do need a workforce that can support our businesses. We do need
that. I think our housing priority should be for truly BMR and for lower-
income housing. Parking requirements and reducing those may be some
way to get some smaller units without a negative impact on the community.
For that to happen, we also have to have, in my opinion, a much broader
and successful RPP program, because people will just park that much further
away if they can't get an RPP permit. How far away are they going to park
in a neighborhood where they don't have to get an RPP permit?
Development agreements I've also heard mentioned; I don't remember who
said that. Development agreements typically expire in 25 years; that
doesn't mean we can't make them for longer. They do expire; whereas,
zoning does not. I have some reservations about going there. Performance-
based zoning, I agree with Council Member Filseth. We need to look at and
test a couple of projects. I would not want to see that at this juncture
incorporated into the Comprehensive Plan. Building types, again this goes to
the visual, but it's also just a practicality of how projects can be integrated
into the community, provide affordable housing and a housing that I think
the community would not push against. I've said this before from the dais.
When we did SOFA 1, South of Forest Avenue 1, there were a number of
houses there that were just houses, two-story, 2,500-square-foot houses
that had four units in them. They just looked like houses; from the outside
you almost wouldn't even know they were multifamily. They were very
affordable units, and they were always rented out, always. I think the
housing type is really important too. We don't have any visuals to look at. I
understand that this is a comprehensive EIR that we're looking at. It isn't
like we're doing a defined area, which would be easier to provide visuals
perhaps. I think we do need to pick some parts of town where we would get
visuals and see visuals of what something would look like. If we're going to
have small units as a part of mixed use, what's it going to look like to try to
achieve some kind of advancement in affordable housing units? The Staff
Report does talk about zoning. I agree with the mixed use. I think these
small reductions in general office are too small. I think they just further
exacerbate our jobs/housing imbalance by not making it worse than where it
is now, but the improvement is so slight that it's not going to improve our
quality of life here or reduce the housing costs here. The mixed-use
scenarios in terms of zoning considerations, I would like to see any new
office that's created create as many housing units as the jobs would create
demand for. I think that may be my comments at this point in time.

                                                                        Page 91 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
