                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Would you like to speak further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. This is a fantastic project. I think one of
the great achievements of Palo Alto is that this occurred. It's fascinating to
read the history of how the building was just slated for demolition, falling in.
When I go by it, I'm just so impressed. It's such an interesting building.
This is one of the great things when TDRs and rehabilitation of an historic
building has really worked and really will be long-term for the community in
a really fantastic way. Thank you for your efforts.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: On the question of getting a bathroom over
there, which I think is very, very important, as was just mentioned, I do
think that that's worth the City investing in. What kind of direction should
we offer tonight in order to make sure that that can happen? To Staff or to
colleagues.

Mr. Perez: A couple of ways. You can make a Motion tonight or you could
add it through the budget process, because it would be a Capital
Improvement Project (CIP). Either way.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't have any really strong preference on that,
so I'd be happy to hear from colleagues if we should amend this Motion or
we should leave it for the Budget.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm happy to add it in. I mean, if anyone's going to
vote against it based on that, I'd like to hear from that too. I really do think
we need a bathroom out there frankly. If we don't put it in at some point—
we're not necessarily going to remember when we do the budget process.
I've gone through enough of those budget processes that it's better to
actually deal with it now if that's what Council wants to do. My preference
would be that we give direction to go ahead and start planning out of the
General Fund to build that—budget it out of the Budget Stabilization
Reserve.

Mayor Burt:    That's a preference, but you've got to actually amend your
Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I will amend my Motion to do that.

Council Member Wolbach: I will accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to begin the

                                                                             Page 14 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
