                         TRANSCRIPT
Why did they object? Because of the cars, that's why. Think about the cars.
Don't cut down on the housing, but think about how those cars could be out
of the City, leaving the people inside it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our public comments. I think we
need to take a quick five minute break.

Council took a break at 9:03 P.M. and returned at 9:06 P.M.

Minutes Approval

3.   Approval of Action Minutes for the November 7, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt:    Our next item is Approval of Action             Minutes        from
November 7th, 2016. Do we have a Motion to approve?

Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to approve the Action Minutes for the November 7, 2016 Council
Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member DuBois, second by Council Member
Wolbach. Please vote. That passes unanimously with Council Member
Berman and Vice Mayor Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Scharff absent

Action Items

4.   PUBLIC HEARING: 2016 Water Utility Public Health Goals Report.

Mayor Burt: We will now move onto our final Action Item, which is a Public
Hearing on the 2016 Water Utility Public Health Goals Report. Mr. Shikada,
welcome.

Ed Shikada, Utilities General Manager/Assistant City Manager: Thank you,
Mayor, members of the Council. I'll ask Jon Abendschein, our Acting
Manager of Water, Gas, Wastewater Operations, to report on behalf of Staff.
This is a required public hearing and simply fulfilling that obligation. Thank
you.

Jon Abendschein, Utilities Operations Manager: Good evening, Council
Members.    Jonathan Abendschein, Acting Water, Gas, Wastewater

                                                                         Page 55 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
