                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Eggleston: The cost for the …

Council Member Holman: That one. $2.9 million …

Mr. Eggleston: … three-span closed should be $2.9 million.             That's the
additional cost beyond the baseline.

Council Member Holman: Can you help us understand? There are different
examples here. The example that's second down from the top on the left …

Mr. Schnabel: This one here?

Council Member Holman: Yes. Yes, sir, that one. What would that look
like? There are just different designs here. The one at the top on the left is
obviously very different than the one to the right of that. The one below
that you just pointed to, what would that look like on the—looking at it from
a distance as opposed to inside? The lower right-hand corner, what would
that look like from the outside of the bridge? Looking at it, what would that
look like? In other words, let's just say interested in the Alternative 2, steel
closed-truss, what are we saying that we want? These are very, very
different visuals as I read it.

Mr. Schnabel: They are. This is a little bit of a unique structure. That was
the goal, to create something that was a little bit unique. Those ones that
you're looking at, at the top, are in Amsterdam. They're a little bit different
because the space frame, the frame of the structure goes completely around
the deck that's internal. It's designed to give you a feel for it; albeit it's not
the exact look of what that structure would look like. I don't think this
structure has been done before.

Council Member Holman: If we wanted to give you direction, how would we
do that, given that these are all so very different?

Mr. Eggleston: I think the yellow example is the primary example of what
we would be pursuing in this instance. Correct me if I'm wrong, Roy. I
think all three of those are based on the same structure type. Correct?

Mr. Schnabel: Yes.

Mr. Eggleston: As seen from different perspectives.

Council Member Holman: I get the same structure type, but the visual, the
design of it, is very different. You can think about that. Going back again,
we don't have this; I didn't find it anyway in ours. If you back up, you had
the overlook, I think, on the Bay side. You were talking about the different
planting scenarios.
                                                                           Page 53 of 90
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/7/16
