                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Yeah. To move to another meeting in February if
necessary.

Ms. Stump: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I've cleared—Council Member Kniss, you want to
speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: Yes. I would have said the same, because it sounds
as though he may actually sign it. For the person who spoke to us, the
numbers would be very helpful. We wonder if you're also including Stanford.

Mr. Dunlap: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: Just Palo Alto and East Palo Alto. Good. Interesting
information. Thank you.

Mr. Dunlap: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff:

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just two questions. The first is on the March 1st
deadline. If the Governor doesn't sign the bill, do we have to have the
second reading by then or do we just have to had passed the first reading?

Ms. Stump: An ordinance needs to be effective. If it was a traditional
ordinance, you would need both the second reading and the 30-day
referendum period. An emergency ordinance requires one reading and goes
into effect immediately. That's why it is an urgency ordinance.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Any time in February works for us.

Ms. Stump: It does.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The second thing is that, at least for me, I probably
couldn't support the ordinance as long as it has the ban on delivery. I think
that people who are sick and ill, often people with cancer do use medical
marijuana. I see no downside to the City frankly of having the current
delivery services. If you do bring it forward, I actually would like to see two
versions of it since it's an emergency ordinance. I don't have to make a
Motion where we say, "Let's just strip out that part."

Ms. Stump: Fair enough. It's easy to do. We'll bring forward the two
separately, so that you can consider them separately.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.
                                                                        Page 74 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
