                          TRANSCRIPT
more effective structure could be for a joint meeting so it's not just each one
of them gets up and says a few words, and then the dialog is just among the
Council Members. We'd love your thoughts about that. Also wanted to pass
on we've been working with our consultants at PlaceWorks, and they've
indicated that we can analyze some additional scenarios, one or more
additional scenarios, within the schedule that we've outlined here, but it
would mean we would have to move pretty expeditiously. By the middle or
end of May, we'd have to identify what those scenarios were in some detail
to permit the analysis to proceed.         Obviously there would be some
budgetary impacts of that. That concludes the presentation. These are
really the discussion questions that we hope will be useful to you after you
hear from the public. Question Number One, should the Comp Plan include
a goal or objective about reducing the City's ratio of jobs to employed
residents? If so, what should that be? Number Two, what additional policies
or programs should be considered to address this goal, if you'd like that
goal? Should these be analyzed as a fifth scenario in the EIR? What
adjustments, if any, are required to the schedule and process? Thank you
very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can proceed and have a brief round of
technical questions of Staff before hearing from members of the public
provided that Council Members can adhere to those guidelines. If we're
going to do it, I'm going to exercise Chair control if we drift away from
technical questions, which are not rhetorical in nature. Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate the warning. On this chart, the key
characteristics and impacts, Attachment B, I have a couple of questions
here. On Page One under transportation impacts, for instance, City total
motor vehicle trips, it says 2014 existing conditions 432,122. I wasn't sure
for what units is this. Is this per day, per week? What does this represent?

Ms. Gitelman: I'll have to look that up, but I will.

Council Member Wolbach: While you're looking that up, my second question
also is on the back of this same chart. Greenhouse gas, GHG, impacts, do
these numbers account for commuters coming into Palo Alto for their jobs
and then leaving at the end of the day, and the greenhouse gas impacts of
their travel?

Ms. Gitelman: The way greenhouse gas emissions are calculated for vehicle
trips, we basically get credit or we get penalized for 100 percent of the
emissions from trips that are internal to Palo Alto. For external-internal or
internal-external trips, we get credit or penalized for 50 percent of those

                                                                         Page 14 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
