                         TRANSCRIPT
it's there, but how prominent should that be going forward? Before hearing
from Chair Garber on one of the points I raised—after he gets done, I
wanted to give our Staff an opportunity to respond to the question about is
the time ripe for the Draft EIR and, if there are concerns as to whether
additional alternatives may be identified through the CAC, can the Draft EIR,
as we presently have it framed, be able to accommodate those additional
alternatives. I think that's a concern that many people share. Co-Chair
Garber.

Mr. Garber: Thank you, Mayor. Broadly, many of the Council Members have
brought up a question about the role of the CAC relative to
advising/supporting the Council in their decisioning.     There is tension
between the time-table that we have to perform, that Staff is, needless to
say, struggling with. They have to make things happen. There is tension
between that timing and the amount of involvement that the Committee
might like to have. Before I make any further comments, I would really like
the members of the CAC, who I know have opinions on these topics, to
speak to them. Mechanically, should they be filling out a card, should they
be raising their hand, how do we get them up to the speaker?

Mayor Burt: The CAC Members—we're going to do this informally and not
treat them as anonymous members of the public who have come forward,
but as part of our collective body. If you want to raise your hand and come
forward—yeah, maybe grab your tags. I can't read it from here anyway.
We'll try and do that. Dan, why don't you go ahead and acknowledge
members of your Committee as they flag that they'd like to come up on
successive topics. Before we begin that process, I wanted to give Staff the
opportunity to give a little more of the context of how they see the EIR
fitting in with where we are in the process. After we have this feedback
from the CAC and before we adjourn this Item, we're going to want as a
Council to give Staff at that time more of our feedback on the EIR, which is
one of the key subjects tonight. Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Members and Co-Chairs. So many good
comments and questions. We could probably have a Study Session of both
bodies on any one or two of these. Just to get to that question about the
Draft EIR, first we have designed this document in a pretty innovative way
to try and use high-level planning scenarios to define a range of possible
outcomes for the planning process. This was something that the Council
endorsed in December of 2014. We spent the better part of last year
working with our consultant team to prepare the document which is all but
ready. It'll be on the street in three weeks. I think it would be hard at this
point to recalibrate or reshape that in a significant way. In the good news
category, we have designed it such that we hope we can accommodate
                                                                            Page 56 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
