                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with this anymore,
especially with the new instruction. We're giving a lot—I'm reminded of a
saying. It's not the people who make the decision that have the power, but
it's the people who give those people the options. All of a sudden, we're
designating to an ad hoc committee a lot of authority that's not going to be
approved by Council. If you look at it, a designated ad hoc committee and
authorize the ad hoc committee through a series of public meetings in
conjunction with Staff to conduct outreach on the content of the polling and
conduct a first round of polling.        That, according to Council Member
Holman's comments, will also include how that money will be spent. That's
a lot of policy that is not being approved by the full Council.

Mayor Burt: It's not policy. It's not policy.

Council Member Berman: Then we will be making—you're right, but we will
be making a decision based on the options that come back from the poll. It
is narrowing the options by doing the poll. That I'm not comfortable with
unless it comes back. Council Member Holman, I don't think understands.
The poll will be authorized by the committee. That data will come back to
the Council, and the Council will decide whether or not to act on that
information, but the full Council will not have a role in deciding what that
information is, what we get information back about.

Mr. Keene: What the polling questions are.

Mayor Burt: I would add that as I recall past polling, we've never had
polling questions determined by a Council.

Council Member Berman:          I'd want to know what we did with the
Infrastructure Committee, because I don't recall. As I said a minute ago, if
we're saying we're going to make decisions based on the polling results, and
we're saying the full Council will not have a role in deciding the poll, then the
full Council doesn't really have a role in deciding the options.

Mayor Burt: We had a discussion tonight. I think the Council would need to
trust that what we've talked about as alternatives, we're going to try to ask
a broad range of questions that will inform decision making not determine
decision making. That's the intent here.

Mr. Keene: If I might add to this. Not to be disagreeable with Council
Member Holman. I think the example you gave of some questions is just
one of many questions as we are working with a pollster which will
ultimately be informed by how much it costs or how many questions there
are and how much he or she thinks that's too many questions. Secondly,
whatever the committee says, I'm assuming we're going to have to deal with
                                                                          Page 95 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
