                         TRANSCRIPT
writing a special exception here for them. If you would like to consider
something, some number of discounted permits or something, we could
work with you on text. We found a place in the Resolution where we could
add that. That's entirely up to you. Again, I think it's a little bit of a
slippery slope. Those are the comments that we wanted to address. If you
have any questions for us, we're happy to respond to those now.

Council Member Schmid: Just a moment. What I'd like to do for the Council
now is to give every Council Member a brief time, say four minutes, to raise
questions, comments on what they've heard, anything they want to share
with their colleagues in preparation. After that quick go around, we will
move to motions. Let me start with Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me see if I can collect my thoughts for the
broader stuff. First I just want to make sure—did I hear you correctly? Your
next to last comment there was about the daily scratchers. I'd be interested
in hearing what that is, when that would be appropriate. One way of
framing this discussion, I guess, is like neighborhood protection versus
shared streets. Those are kind of the two big arguments we heard from two
seemingly diametrically opposed groups. Those who really don't want to see
any ramp down of the sales of employee permits sold for the street over
time, that we heard from the business community. From a number of the
residents, a desire to not see any employee permits sold on the street in the
first place, at all to begin with. We also heard from some residents that
they're open to a middle ground between that. When you have two groups
at the ends so upset, that's either a sign you're doing something really
wrong or really right, that you're really looking for a compromise, that
nobody's getting everything that they want. I think that's kind of the
direction we were admitting we were going to have to go at our last
discussion. We were looking for a way to be fair to all the groups involved,
the business part of our community, the residents of our community which,
of course, are our primary concern. Making sure that when residents have
friends or family members come to visit them, whether it's from across the
country or just across town, they have a place to park.           Also when
employees come in regardless of what income level they are, especially if
they're lower income, making sure they have a way to get to work. If they
are driving, they do have a place to park. Making sure that when people
come in to shop at our local businesses, including Palo Altans from other
parts of town, that they have a way to get Downtown and if they're driving,
to park their car. There's a reason this is tricky. There are a number of
important values that we are struggling to balance here. I just wanted to
check. We didn't sell all of our 2,000 permits. We're not really even close,
right? Yet. That could change over time if the economy continues to
improve, etc. That could change. That means that if we reduced by 200 in
                                                                       Page 39 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/23/16
