                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I would echo that as well. I was on the Cal. Ave.
Merchants Association last year. This is for lower wage employees. These
are for employees that are parking for free, that would not buy a permit. If
the employer can buy a permit and share it with part-time workers, it
creates flexibility that we don't have in our permit program today.

Mayor Burt: If I might chime in here. This is now focused on not a notion
that somehow this will create parking, which it doesn't. We need to
recognize that it will actually diminish revenue. Maybe we're willing to do
that. I think first we need to acknowledge those two things are facts. Then
we have an issue about whether we're looking at a program similar to what
we have in Downtown where what we're trying to do is have lower cost
permits for retail workers or companies with part-time workers. My problem
is that this Motion doesn't carve those out. It's not talking about retail or
low-income workers.

Council Member Holman: My error there is it should be determine if retail
and personal service employees.

Mayor Burt: I'm okay with that.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member DuBois to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to explore if retail
and personal service employees can share permits within the district and in
the neighborhood.”

Council Member DuBois: One last point. This was part of the Colleagues'
Memo, so I think we're just kind of reemphasizing that.

Mayor Burt: The arguments in the Colleagues' Memo were bad arguments
for. It claimed that it was somehow going to address the parking problem.
This is a different issue. This is about helping the economics of low-income
workers being able to have permits.          That's different from what the
Colleagues' Memo spoke to.

Council Member DuBois: That's what we were trying to get to. It's not a
loss of revenue if they're parking for free today. We're trying to get them
into a permit that works for them.

Mayor Burt: Let me respond to that. We sell as many permits as we have
spaces for. Right now we sell one permit or more than one permit actually
per space. Now you will sell fewer permits for the same spaces. It actually
does reduce revenue. If you think it through logically, that's what happens.
That may be a decent policy decision. We did something similar Downtown,

                                                                      Page 119 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
