                          TRANSCRIPT
the work that we've done on the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan to
date. I also want to thank Professor Heck for sharing his time with us and
for providing some of the context that, I think, you now see is in the work
that we've done on the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (SCAP) and a
glimpse of the pattern and the logic of the future that we're moving into, the
future that we face. You'll see a number of themes that echo here. I also
want to thank you again for all of you joining us yesterday on a Sunday
afternoon with more than 300 of our community members. Mayor Burt, I
want to point out that we actually didn't turn anybody away. We had 100
unregistered, walk-ins who we accommodated in a very rich discussion
throughout the afternoon. For those of you who weren't there, we had a
presentation from Colonel Puck Mykleby, United States (U.S.) Marine Corps
Retired, talking about national grand strategy, sort of the economic and
geopolitical considerations of climate facing the nation and how those
connect with local concerns and our local opportunities. We introduced the
folks present to an overview of the developing SCAP, and then spent a
couple of hours in small-group discussions looking in detail at the issues that
are before us. Just some pictures illustrating some of what happened. Very
engaged throughout the afternoon. We are in the process of digesting all
the notes from 40 different tables of conversations. We don't have those
ready for you yet. You can see some of the themes that people were talking
about. Many of them echoed by what Professor Heck was talking about this
evening. Three summary graphics that you have here, what people saw as
critical criteria of success. How Palo Alto can continue to lead the way
building on what I thought was decades, but in fact is more than a century
of leadership on these areas, and some serious conversation about the
obstacles and constraints and challenges that we face in bringing this future
to bear. For me, one of the key lessons to draw from Stefan Heck's
presentation is the challenge for us of planning our future based not on the
past trends that we're familiar with, but on the emerging trends that we're
facing. It poses a very serious challenge for us that I don't underestimate.
We need to make some big decisions in the face of some uncertainty. We
don't want to over-invest in the wrong things or under-invest in the right
things. It's not easy to know what those are. I think one of the challenges
that I encourage us to think about throughout that process is how we find
flexible platforms, so we can take steps in what we think is the right
direction, test them, learn from them and revise them, but not make big
bets in a potentially wrong direction. As we've talked about before, we have
had some sterling accomplishments around sustainability in general and
climate in particular. We've reduced our emissions about 35 percent since
1990, kind of a stunning accomplishment in 24 years. As Jim Keene has
pointed out, most of that reduction has happened in the last nine years. As
we look forward to 2030, the target date of our Comprehensive Plan Update,
I think one of the questions to think about is how much can we do in the
                                                                        Page 49 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
