                          TRANSCRIPT
sort of glean from the discussion enough to go further than just sort of
reorganizing the work.

Mayor Burt: Part of it, Council Member Holman has said that some of the
most directive language in the column noted as proposed revised text goes
beyond what she had intended. If that's the case, it doesn't seem that we
should be getting that language. What's a process by which that would be
done, except I think the one that I offered up which is Staff looking at the
2011 Motion and the input from any Council Members and come back with
your own professional recommendations, and we can debate them and
accept them or reject them. That seems like that's the more appropriate
process if we re-agendize this.

Mr. Keene: If I just might add. I could see in that particular instance, if you
have something very specific to give us to go back. If the thought is there
could be other things like that, my own concern here is that the Council's
interest in maybe the breadth and depth of these issues is variable amongst
the Council. It's an awkward position for the Staff to be in, to try to sort
that out when it almost is what is the balance the Council wants to strike in
this. The Council could say, "You know what? We're going to go this far,
and we're going to do this much and make some changes." You could have
another view that says this is one of the most important things that we need
to do, and you all need to spend a lot of time on it.

Mayor Burt: One of my questions, for instance, was whether they're rules or
guidelines. The answer was that they're guidelines, but many of them are in
the proposed revised text worded as if they're rules with, as I understand it,
essentially a preamble that says we can't really enforce them without the
Ordinance. I have a problem with setting it up that way too. That's
misleading to anybody who reads these. They would on the face it take
them as rules. If we adopted this revised language, many of these seem
quite prescriptive. I think that's kind of a high-level contradiction that, I
think, needs to be resolved.

Council Member DuBois: If I could propose a process perhaps?

Mayor Burt: Okay.

Council Member DuBois: I would suggest—we've only heard from a couple
of you speak on this item. Maybe we get three minutes for everybody else
that hasn't spoken yet and they could weigh in on some of these issues.
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That's going into the substance part.

                                                                        Page 76 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
