             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Regular Meeting
                                                               May 16, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:08 P.M.

Present:   Berman arrived at 7:33 P.M., Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman
           arrived at 7:49 P.M., Kniss, Scharff arrived at 7:34 P.M., Schmid
           arrived at 7:35 P.M., Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.   Prescreening of a Proposed District Map Amendment (“Rezone”) From
     Planned Community (PC) Zoning District to Downtown Commercial
     (CD-C (P)) Zoning District at 550 Hamilton Avenue.

Mayor Burt:       Our first Agenda item tonight is a Study Session, a
prescreening of a proposed District Map amendment or rezone from Planned
Community, which is also known as PC zoning, District to Downtown
Commercial, CD-C(P), Zoning District at 550 Hamilton Avenue. First I want
to share that we have three of our colleagues who are not participating
because they live or own property in moderate proximity to this project.
Council Member Schmid has an emergency and won't be able to join us until
later. That's why there are only five of us. I also wanted to just share for
the public what this particular process is. This is not a meeting to approve
or not approve a project. The Council won't even be taking any formal
action. It's a Study Session to give individual Council Member feedback. It's
come to this point not because the Council in any way implied support for
this or encouraged a new application, nor did the Staff. It actually came
simply because an applicant proposed that they would like to request this .
There's been no action by the City at all to this date, other than to properly
process the applicant's request for a Study Session and agendize it. I just
wanted to make sure everybody knew that going in. The second thing is in
Study Sessions, they're different from our regular Council meetings, and
they're really principally for the Council to discuss amongst themselves and
the applicant and Staff the preliminary feedback on such a proposal. Unlike
our regular Action Items, the input from the public is actually usually at the
end of this item. I know that we have a lot of speakers or people who came


                                                                     Page 1 of 122
