                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That gives a little more clarity than what was stated before.
Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: As I mentioned briefly before during our water
discussion, I was at a conference in Arizona last week called Water Now,
which is an alliance that has been pulled together by two women who live in
the Bay Area. There were several of this there; there were about ten of us
there from with a five mile range. It was informative, productive and so
forth. That group of us is going to attempt to pull a summit together over
the next few months in the Bay Area. I think water is the issue right now. I
think it is going to be an incredibly scarce commodity in the future and one
that we certainly discussed at length in Arizona. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I would just like to share that last Thursday afternoon there
was a meeting of what the Silicon Valley Leadership Group has been
sponsoring a series of meetings for North and West County cities and North
and West County major corporation transportation representatives. At this
last meeting we heard from the Silicon Valley Leadership Group that they
will be taking to their membership this week, I believe, a proposal to adjust
upward their proposed allocations toward Caltrain and the North and West
Valley corridor. That was generally well received by the representatives in
the room. We'll hope to hear specifics on that shortly. That would still have
to go to the Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) Board. They're the
ultimate decisions makers, not the North and West County cities nor the
Silicon Valley Leadership Group as to what will go on the ballot.

Council Member Kniss: Pat, thanks for your leadership in this. Three of us
have been going to the meetings, but you've really taken a leading role.
You were there on Thursday. I think finally the north end of the County is
getting some real credit and is going to be hopefully the recipient of funds
that will come from this tax, should we vote for it in November.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: On the topic that you brought up, could you
differentiate for us the difference between Silicon Valley Leadership initiated
meetings with North and West County versus the City initiated North and
West County meetings?

Mayor Burt: Both of those sets of meetings have been occurring. Several
days before this meeting, there was a meeting of just the North and West
County city leadership, principally Mayors of those cities and the City
Managers or their representatives. Both of those are occurring. Out of that
last meeting was an affirmation of that group wanting to see movement in
the very direction that was suggested to us by the Leadership Group. In
                                                                       Page 106 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
