                           TRANSCRIPT
could be done on a majority vote of the Council Members present. I think
you need three votes to make that switch.

Council Member Schmid: There's been a request by one Council Member to
put Item One after item Two.

Council Member Kniss: Could I speak to it?

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Tom, I'm sympathetic to it, and I understand where
you're going with it. I'm concerned, though, this has been posted. I'm
going to guess everyone in here knows which item is going to come first and
which is going to come second. Do you anticipate that Number One is so
dependent on Number Two you can switch them easily?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I don't want to necessarily vote against
Item 1. If we switch it, that would allow it to pass later today.

Council Member Kniss: All right.

Ms. Stump: Council Members, could I perhaps clarify for you? Both items
are related to the Residential Parking Program (RPP). The Consent Item is
an adjustment to the Citywide ordinance. It adjusts the process. It doesn't
provide for any specific outcomes for the Downtown-related RPP. I'm not
sure that's clear to everyone. If Council is more comfortable taking all the
items up together, calling them essentially together as action and having the
full ability to discuss them, I don't think that that's controversial or shouldn't
impede you in any way.

Council Member Schmid: I guess that might deal with the issue. We can
move the items together. Council Members can call (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. I think that makes more sense.
Otherwise, I'm concerned that those who have taken all the time to be here
today may find that this is somewhat puzzling. Now, what you're saying is
these two will be discussed at the same time and spoken to at the same
time. Greg, correct?

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: If you ask to speak, you're going to speak to Items
One and Two together.

At this time Council heard Agenda Items One and Two concurrently.

                                                                             Page 4 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/23/16
