                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Last year.       This year the modified 360 wouldn't
happen, and it was (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wasn't on that Committee either last year.

Council Member Holman: I'm not blaming anybody. I'm just (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff:    No, no.   I'm just trying to understand what you're
talking about.

Council Member Holman: I think we need to clarify the authority.                            The
Council needs to clarify the authority for the charge.

Ms. Figone: If I could just interject. I don't want to interfere with you. My
full expectation, because of my experience with my former city, was that
when our recommendation was accepted by the Committee, it would have
been reported out to the full Council. Apparently something was missing.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's obviously—I don't want to blame Staff. It was
actually a Staff failure. What's supposed to happen—neither of us were on
the Committee, so we don't really know. What's supposed to happen is that
we vote on something as a CAO Committee. If it's unanimous, it goes on
Consent. If it's not unanimous, it comes to Council as an Action Item.
Hopefully, it's unanimous so that moves smoothly. That is the procedure.
Don't you agree?

Council Member Holman: Yes, but I don't—yes, generally speaking. I don't
know that it's ever been clarified for CAO Committee specifically. Maybe
that didn't happen.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's the way it always was when I was on CAO.

Council Member Holman:      There's some gap somewhere.                 Just to get that
clarified.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Previous to 2014, I was on the CAO Committee every
year. That's how it happened. We would take votes, and then they would
go on Consent if there was a (inaudible). A lot of this had to do with—
there's consultant contracts we would agree to. There's the scope within the
consultant contracts. There's all sorts of things that you take. It's just like
any other Committee.

Council Member Holman: My memory's a little bit different—I can't swear
that either one of us is right 100 percent or wrong 100 percent of the time
on this—that most of these decisions came to the full Council. To do the
modified 360, that was a full Council decision and discussion.
                                                                                      Page 7 of 20
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript 11/16/16
