                          TRANSCRIPT
parked along El Camino on what becomes the Varian and CPI property
eventually. In this photo, Hansen Way and the Research Park are not yet
present. Moving on. This fast forwards to 2002, and El Camino is now six
lanes. The area of the site has been dramatically reduced at the El Camino
frontage. At the northeast Hansen corner, there's been a taking for the
channelized right-turn from El Camino. The building itself remains in the
same configuration. This is just a more clear shot of that from 2007. The
current configuration as we see it today. The only alteration in all this time
is the removal of the pool which was old and failing. It was removed with
the agreement of the Health Department. Here's what you see when you're
passing by the site today, a late 1940s, 36-unit motel at the base of the
Stanford Research Park. As Yatin described, the simply constructed, wood-
frame building is almost 70 years old. We're an exterior-access motel and
want to be a modern, interior-corridor hotel with amenities consistent with
the desire of the modern business traveler. Our goal is to make a long-term
commitment which would be good for the owner's family and for the
community.        What brings us here tonight?           As Staff described,
redevelopment will trigger compliance with an archaic, 50-foot special
setback enacted for an unknown purpose roughly 10 years after the motel
was built. Why do I say unknown? Both our team and City Staff have
searched the history, but nothing concrete can be located. We would only
be guessing. Here's what we do know. This is a Commercial Service-zoned
(CS) parcel fronting onto El Camino at the base of the Research Park-zoned
(RP) region. It's an island. Just by virtue of zoning alone, it cannot bear the
same restrictions. Here's what's important to understand. This 100-foot
deep lot has an unmanageable 50-foot special setback imposed along its
street-side frontage on Hansen Way. If we do a quick analysis, our site is
0.6 acres. RP zoning describes a minimum site of five acres or eight times
the size of our lot. RP zoning describes a minimum lot depth of 250 feet and
a minimum front setback of 100 feet. For the sites in the Research Park,
this makes the special setback irrelevant. Special setbacks are unique in
that nothing other than a driveway or a landscape feature can realistically be
constructed on them. You're allowed to park in a special setback area, but
required parking must be accommodated within the buildable area. By this
interpretation, if the setback were to be taken for some other purpose, the
property would then be under-parked. Here's the picture. We have a
constraint placed after the building was constructed, which created a
nonconforming condition the moment it was enacted. It is consistent with
the zone in which it primarily exists, but for our site the special setback
makes it virtually undevelopable. The resulting buildable area is narrower
than what I have available for a single-family home on my lot in south Palo
Alto. If we don't know what the special setback was intended to constrain
and it dictates a poor result, it should be removed from the site. Here's
why. We hope to build a new hotel adding 64 rooms approximately with
                                                                        Page 24 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
