                         TRANSCRIPT
did. Now we're telling them we'll just annex you, which is what you
originally asked for.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Which is the quickest way to do it.

Council Member DuBois: We also had a long discussion about it implies that
they will get employee permits further out.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It does.

Council Member DuBois: How big is Downtown if we keep annexing it? We
had a long discussion about that as well. The five of us that voted kind of
said the Phase 2 boundary is at the end of Downtown. (inaudible) strongly
because we had this discussion without you guys participating.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What you've got right there, I'm fine with it being a
third and Edgewood Plaza being the fourth. Are you saying that you're not
accepting them being annexed even if they want to be annexed?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. The only reason they would want to is
they'd be told they don't have a choice.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, no. I'm not saying they don't have a choice. They
know they can come back to Council. The question is what would be
quicker. That's really the question. Otherwise, they're the third priority.
They're probably looking at not this year. If they won't this year, then they
should come back. We should do what the neighborhood wants.

Council Member DuBois: I think what they want is to have residential
parking. I will stick with that as a separate amendment. I'd like to have
Edgewood Plaza as the fourth priority. You did something interesting which
was the retail and personal service workers which is different than
Downtown. I think we could generalize that to include Edgewood Plaza. Just
say retail and personal service workers.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Can you point to where you're referring to?

Council Member DuBois: Three lines up from where the cursor is. For
Evergreen Park, it says "permits to be sold to retail and personal service
workers." My amendment would be "in nearby ground-floor districts."

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine with me.

Council Member DuBois: That could apply to Edgewood as well.


                                                                     Page 111 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
