                          TRANSCRIPT
you solve Palo Alto, you solve the problem for the region. That's basically
what the perfect storm means. We are the perfect storm because we are
the convergence of three arrival routes, as you know. We are very close to
that famous Menlo way point. As you know, we're data driven. We are
transparent. Through these documents, which is public—we will post it on
our website, on the Sky Posse website—we're sharing our analysis of the
situation as well as our points of view on the solutions. We cover three
topics: what changed, what is the impact, and what can be done. We firmly
believe, after spending a year-plus of multiple people, that there are
equitable solutions that do exist. They must be designed by a recognized
aviation expert such as the one that you have hired, who have access to the
appropriate resources.        Therefore, we Sky Posse do not have any
prescription for new arrival routes; that's not our job. Instead, what we
offer is guidelines to design these solutions and how noise should be
distributed if it's not eliminated. We also explain—I want to point that out,
because there has been a lot of traffic about this issue—that the suggestion
to tweak—I'm going to get technical here—the surfer arrival routes, which is
coming from the south, to do a tweak in the Santa Cruz mountains and to
raise the Menlo way point to another 1,000 feet or so, this will not provide
relief to the Palo Alto residents and the nearby cities. In fact, it may even
create problems for other residents in Santa Cruz, in the City of Santa Cruz,
and other residents in other parts of the Santa Cruz mountains. I want to
make this a public statement. Our goal as—I hope you read the document.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Herb Borock to be followed by Sea Reddy.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members. The High Speed Rail
Authority has issued a Notice of Preparation for the environmental review of
the San Francisco to San Jose section of its project and is soliciting
comments on the scope of that project. The Council's Rail Committee will be
meeting this Monday morning to consider the City's response to the Notice
of Preparation. The Council has adopted Guiding Principles for the Rail
Committee; it says that the Committee shall forward the recommendations
to the Council for final action if the Committee determines that it is feasible
to do so within the time available. The comments are due on Thursday,
June 10th. I believe the City Council packet for that meeting will be
distributed this week on Thursday.         There's ample time to add the
Committee's recommendations for the scope of the environmental document
for the High Speed Rail project to the Agenda for the June 10th meeting for
the Agenda packet that's distributed this week. Although you may not have
the actual text of a letter, you could certainly include the substance of the
Committee's directions for writing the letter, whether that's going to a
subcommittee or to City Staff. The previous letter that the Council adopted
                                                                        Page 11 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
