                          TRANSCRIPT
clearly a significant impact. To your process question. The integration
across these plans is extremely critical. I have been involved in as many of
these discussions as I can. I've briefed the CAC on our transportation
strategies. I have encouraged Planning to look at a range of jobs/housing
ratios. That's not what they have chosen to do so far. I think you all raised
at the last Council meeting—was it this week or last week—looking for an
alternative in the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) that gives a wider
spread which I think is very sensible because we will only learn if we have
tests that are varied and see what they do. To your point about, I would not
call it a proposal but an analysis that's here. I'm sorry to say the 1.44 is a
typo here. We looked at ranges of jobs/housing ratio from 3.1, I think 2.5
and 1.44. These numbers here are from the 3.1 analysis. We can also show
you. As you can imagine, the tighter the ratio, the more the impact is.
There was some concern among Staff that proposing something like this
would be too scary. Given the concern that people have about growth in
Palo Alto, let's start with a smaller step. If you're interested, we can crank
this model in a number of different directions, see what those impacts are,
and see if people are willing to take those on.

Council Member Schmid:     Scarier than sustainability?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'll see if I can shorten this. I guess I would simply
have to start with even though we have a whole Page spent on the cost and
so forth, I'm thinking of what the real cost is. What is the real cost to our
residents? If we talk about really going to electric vehicles, which I think is
a great idea, there's an inherent cost. The first thing we encourage is all
electric new buildings. That is something I think we could attain. Universal
transit passes, yes. Electrify residential water heating, that's something I'd
certainly support. When we start to get into how many electric vehicles are
we really going to use, what number do you guess right now, Gil, we've got
in Palo Alto? How many electric vehicles roughly do you think?

Mr. Friend: I don't recall the numbers, but I think it's about 3 1/2 percent of
our vehicles, which is the highest penetration rate in the country that I'm
aware of. It about doubled the Bay Area's which is the highest region in the
country. We've got a lot, and we'll see more just given the inclination of our
population.

Council Member Kniss: At 3 1/2 percent, we've got a long way to go.

Mr. Friend: We've got a long way to go.


                                                                        Page 75 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
