                          TRANSCRIPT
activities on behalf of the City. The Business and Professional Association is
in that sense a contractor to the City.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Since I don't see any lights, I will move that we ask Staff to
engage with the—it's really the Downtown Business Association to—I'm
sorry. I need to pause here a moment. Molly, if there was a change in the
fee structure, is that more complicated than some of these other matters?

Ms. Stump: It is. I'm not an expert in that. I'll need to look at it. At the
time that the Business Improvement District was established, the state of
State law on special assessment districts was a little different. It's frankly
become more difficult and there are more procedural rules. It may be that
we will need to come back and suggest to the Council that modifying the fee
structure is a really substantial effort, both in terms of operational effort and
legal procedures that will need to be followed.

Mayor Burt: Let me modify the Motion then. Direct Staff to review the
mechanisms of modifying the fee structure with the intent to require larger
companies to pay a more proportionate share of the BID. Second, to clarify
the Bylaws so that activities are not construed to mean functioning as a
lobbying group.

Ms. Stump: One clarification. Does the Mayor mean to clarify the City's
contract? The Bylaws are really ...

Mayor Burt: Yes, I'm sorry. The City's contract. That's a better way. I'm
sorry.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second your Motion (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff.

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharf to direct Staff
to:

A.    Review mechanisms for modifying the fee structure to require larger
      companies to pay a larger portion of the District costs; and

B.    Review mechanisms for modifying the contract with the Downtown
      Business Association so that activities are not construed to include
      lobbying.

Mayor Burt: I think I've spoken to it enough. Vice Mayor Scharff.

                                                                             Page 26 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
