                          TRANSCRIPT
project gets enough indication from Council saying go forth. It's a PC, and I
can't imagine that it's anything but a PC. Here's why. It's a one-off. No
way in the world should, in my opinion, the Council support without
adequate vetting in the Comp Plan and with any kind of zoning
considerations the micro housing combining district overlay be established
on the basis of one project. That would mean it would apply anywhere that
we applied that, without any kind of study or vetting. No way do I think we
should apply consideration for a one-off project to modify the PTOD
combining district, because then it would apply to the whole PTOD district
without any kind of vetting or study of what the impacts would be and what
the viability is of this kind of project. A pilot project in the PF zone, it's so
disparate from what the PF zone uses are that I don't see how that could
happen. It is that there is not a density requirement in the RT-50 of SOFA.
That was done very thoughtfully and carefully.           It is also a 1.5 FAR
maximum, so that's also a difference.           It also has a higher parking
requirement. That's also very close to transit, so that was considered at the
time. If we were going to look at SOFA right now, I might update the
parking requirements somewhat, but that is what it is. The lowest parking
requirement there is one parking space for a studio. There's not a BMR
housing requirement that's being required of this project or being offered in
this project. The permit parking in the neighborhood, which I appreciate the
applicant is willing to participate in, who pays for that RPP? It's not an
inexpensive gesture. Someone has to pay for it. I do think that this site
should have retail on the ground floor on the El Camino side. Otherwise, it's
a dead corner; it's just an absolute dead corner. We have retail across the
way from it on the south side of Page Mill, and it works very well. The
project also, because of its size and scale, violates many aspects of the
South El Camino Design Guidelines and the El Camino Grand Boulevard
Design Guidelines as well in terms of setbacks and step-backs. I actually
would be—the smaller units are something we need. To help satisfy some of
the density issues with something like this, a mix of at least some of the unit
sizes would be a better outcome. The comment was made earlier about
open space. I agree that having balconies on Page Mill is not ideal. That
means also this is the best place for housing. It's a very congested
intersection, which means there's a lot of air issues here at least to this point
in time. They're not going to change in the next, I'd say, 20 years probably
before we become more fuel-free cars, if you will. It doesn't mean that
people shouldn't have open space on the back side of the project or
someplace where it's more protected. I don't think it's—I won't go into the
soccer fields location at this point in time. I've said many times we need to
be housing people, but not warehousing people. My viewpoint has been for
many years if people don't have adequate open space, we're warehousing
people. Everybody at whatever income level, whatever age, whatever rent
they're paying deserve a reasonable quality of life. Open space for me is
                                                                         Page 37 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
