                         TRANSCRIPT
questions. We have no other lights, so I'll turn to our member of the public
who has turned in a card, Robert Mos. Welcome.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt. I wasn't going to talk about this at first,
but after hearing some of your questions and comments and the Staff
comments, I had some thoughts. One of the problems we have in Palo Alto
is that the ARB does not look at individual homes that are built. We've had
some real monstrosities put in as a result. That's something that you might
want to take under advisement. Second, the more of the discussion I heard,
the more confused I got about what's the intent of coherent and unified
design. Provides harmonious transition in scale and character to adjacent
land uses and land designations. If somebody came in with a Bauhaus-style
building—you know what that is—and put it in Professorville, totally
incompatible. There's a building like this on Amaranta. It's a two-story
cube, and the houses all around it are typically Eichler styles, one-story,
frame. No compatibility of design at all. Of course, there's no control on it.
They're sit there. That's just one example. I could give you a number of
examples throughout the City. What I've seen over time is that the ARB—
I've been to a number of ARB meetings—focus on the design in front of
them, and they tend to ignore what's on either side and what the context is
of the new building that's coming and the buildings that surround it. You
could go all over Palo Alto and see some of these—let's be generous and call
them turds dropped down in developed neighborhoods.            I'm just not
confident that the guidelines you're presenting tonight are going to really
direct the ARB to make sure that a new building really fits in the
neighborhood and really looks compatible and looks good. You could have a
beautiful Bauhaus-style building, which by itself was lovely—but you drop it
down next to buildings which are Eichlers, no compatibility at all. We have
to make sure that the ARB talks to the entire area, not just the building
they're looking at, which is what they tend to do right now.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll close the public hearing at this time and
return to the Council for discussion and a Motion. Council Member Holman.

Public Hearing closed at 7:45 P.M.

Council Member Holman: I have, if you would, a procedural question.
Board Member Lew has come this evening. As our most senior Board
Member, I'm wondering if I might propose a Motion and ask him to comment
on it. Maybe other Council Members might have a desire to ask him about it
too. Would that be appropriate?




                                                                        Page 16 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
