                          TRANSCRIPT
heard a really good understanding of why it is that—I mean, I heard a lot of
discussion about climate change and a lot of stuff about e-prep. These
things seem like sort of two different things. I would hope that whatever we
do, it can kind of focus on climate change because it seems like e-prep.
We've sort of got a lot of traction and history with that already, and I don't
understand why these things need to be tied together. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I think, Sandra, you might have spoken to this a
little bit earlier. With the permission of the Chair, could I ask? Can you give
a little further explanation? There seems to be a concern about the e-prep
piece. Can you provide a little more clarity as to what kind of role that's
going to play in the pilot and why you don't think it necessarily competes
with the e-prep program that we currently have?

Ms. Slater: I think John Kelley spoke a little bit about it, which is the
connection between climate change and what we need to do there and
resiliency. We are going to be facing bigger storms, so we are going to be
facing more emergencies. People come to this program—people don't
generally wake up in the morning saying, "I wonder how I can lower my
carbon footprint today?" What we're doing by providing the emergency prep
and the other parts of the programs, the livability and the block
cohesiveness, is to tap into those other motivators to get people to do it.
Some people might be interested in connecting with their neighbors more.
Some people might say, "I've always wanted to do some emergency
resiliency stuff, but I haven't gotten around to it, and I don't know what to
do." Some people may just want to come in and check out your house and
see what your house looks like. People come to these programs for different
reasons. We're trying to provide a lot of—if you just go after carbon, you're
really limiting people's need—what they might want and to come to the
program with. That's why you include emergency services. Again, I think
other than the candles, I haven't really heard that there's anything in there.
We're not telling people what to do. This is not here's the emergency
resiliency piece of this program and here's the program and you have to do
it. Each individual household decides what they want to do and what's
appropriate for them. When they decide to do it, they click on the action on
the website and up will come you're interested in this; here are the
programs. You can come to a class. You can do all these things. We will be
pointing people to Ken Dueker's programs to get deeper into it if that's what
they want to do. If all they want to do is get water and food for 10 days,
then that's what they do.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. Thanks.

                                                                         Page 51 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/29/16
