                         TRANSCRIPT
addressed here. I don't know if it would be in themes or guiding principles
or where exactly Something I think would be worth pointing out here is that
art, functional art, musical, visual, whatever, can also enhance the retail
experience and help bring people to retail areas. I didn't find it anywhere;
maybe it is there. It seems like maybe it is being addressed, and I didn't
find it.   I think that's really important.    Also, there was mention of
aspirational, but I think also inspirational.     I'd like to see that also
considered here too. It's a little bit hard to look at the maps on Packet
Pages 700 and 702. I think that's where they are. It looks like some of the
art that—as you know also I've been interested in getting people from one
place to another. That's oftentimes in alleyways, and some of them are
really obvious in the Downtown area. A little bit less obvious but also there
in the California Avenue area. It looks like they're scheduled for temporary
art. Why temporary as opposed to permanent? Again, we're trying to get
people to go from a parking lot into the retail areas and go from a parking
garage to University Avenue, for instance. Why are they temporary art?

Ms. DeMarzo: I'm happy to field that one. We were actually fortunate
enough to apply for and receive an National Endowment for the Arts (NEA)
grant to activate the alleyways in Downtown with temporary installations.
The intent behind that was that it's really turning Downtown into this
laboratory where we can really experiment with what we want to do longer
term with those alleyways. For now, we have it as temporary, but definitely
we want to explore what the longer term solution would be.

Ms. Halpern: I just wanted to add again temporary can be a couple of
years. A lot of times an alleyway is what we're going to be thinking about as
paint and temporary materials. One thing that communities really have a
hard time deaccessioning, as Council Member Schmid brought up, are
murals. Murals tend to really be temporary by definition. You see 20 years
later a mural still there. You've put in three times the cost of the material
into the conservation of it. It's really meant to be temporary. What I'm
trying to say is that even if it's a temporary piece, that doesn't mean
another temporary piece and another and another aren't coming. It's just
that some materials that we would typically use in alleyways, we would think
of as temporary.

Council Member Holman: Of course, the Greg Brown murals you mentioned
earlier we've had for, thank goodness, many more years than 20 years. I
think my last comment, I do believe, is that I also appreciate that you've got
whimsical in here. I love the big bear looking in the window. In some
communities I think it's more important even maybe than in other
communities. I think sometimes we just take ourselves too seriously and we
need ways and places and occasions to lighten up and smile. It's not art,
                                                                        Page 74 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
