                          TRANSCRIPT
determined will reduce vehicle miles traveled, and associated greenhouse
gas emissions.’”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be supporting this, and actually just wanted to
weigh in on something that was just mentioned by Council Member Filseth.
I don't want to assume that the people who are going to moving into this
housing are going to be moving out of other Palo Alto housing. That's
something that I don't think we've got clarity about. (inaudible) they might
be coming from other cities, and so it might really have a negative—in the
positive sense, but negative numerical impact on the number of car trips to
Palo Alto. Just wanted to throw my two cents on that one.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: As I mentioned earlier, I'm actually happy that
this is happening. It is a good location, and it's a good outcome for the
community overall. I think it's good for us to include the paragraph that
Council Member Schmid has asked to be added. I'd also like to ask for the
following to be included: as project plans are developed, attention be paid
to continuing the tree canopy as ongoing screening and that ongoing HVAC
impacts be considered at a level whichever is more restrictive, either County
or City standards.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

Mayor Burt: We don't have Council Member Kniss present, so we'll await her
consent on that amendment as well. I will just add my support. Maybe
somebody can see if they can get Council Member Kniss. One of the
questions of where these new tenants currently reside, I think, is important
information. Stanford said that they didn't have really that data. They
assume it's from both Palo Alto and other surrounding communities. I was
assuming that data would have been available to Stanford. It seems like it
would be pretty easy to obtain its current grad students or maybe not these
specific students, but what is the geographic distribution of residency of grad
students who don't currently live on campus. I think that's important just
for planning purposes and understand the impacts of this project. I support
the letter and support the project. Council Member Kniss, do you support
this latest amendment?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, it's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and include, ‘as project
                                                                        Page 46 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
