                          TRANSCRIPT
demand for all developments as parking demand is demonstrated to
decrease, then fewer parking spaces can be required and excess parking
spaces can be leased to under-parked properties. The Fry's site needs a
coordinated area plan and designed as nice as South of Forest Avenue
(SOFA 2) along with dedicated parkland. The existing Comp Plan called for a
coordinated area plan for South El Camino Real; we need to proceed with
that. We should focus new housing near services and transit. ADUs don't
do that. San Antonio Road doesn't do that. We need to think about what
we can do in terms of new housing that minimizes the impact. I've give you
a longer letter that you can study at your leisure, but I figured I'd give a few
comments now. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Diane Morin to be followed by—Diane is gone?

Female: Diane is (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Okay. Cathrine Aulgur to be followed by John Kelley.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Did John leave? Is John here?

Council Member DuBois: No, Cathrine's first.

Vice Mayor Scharff: it's Cathrine, right. Is Cathrine here? I'm sorry.

Cathrine Aulgur: Mr. Mayor and Council Members. I'd like to follow up on
some of the input you've already heard from both parents and advocates for
those with severe developmental disabilities. We have two adults in their
mid to late-40s with severe autism. For instance, just to give a picture to
you of what it would be like to have my son closer. Easter morning, I have
to leave early, drive to Novato, pick him up, drive him back here, get my
daughter in Campbell, drive her there, cook, feed them, take them for a
walk, take them back to their home, take them back to Marin. That's 12
hours of driving. It's not easy when you have family members who cannot
be living closer.     They're very severely autistic, and they would need
transportation with a caregiver. I did want to bring out that there are some
laws you may or may not be aware of. The Supreme Court landmark
decision, it's called the Olmstead decision. It mandates that you serve—
that's U.S. Supreme Court, 1999—requires that meaningful opportunities be
created for individuals with developmental disabilities to reside, work and
receive support in their own communities in integrated settings. I'm going
to just sort of touch through some of these.          There are some U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)-issued guidelines
also that help and encourage the planning. They do require set asides
specifically for people with developmental disabilities.       Developmental
disabilities would mean those who would not be able to live probably
                                                                         Page 67 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
