                          TRANSCRIPT
circle at the Cowper/Coleridge intersection, and that's what we're approving
tonight. It seems inappropriate, as Mr. Borock suggested, to be approving
to build it tonight if we're in the middle of doing a pilot where we're looking
for citizen (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: We ask questions not comments under Consent.

Mr. Keene: Thank you for that. I did not have the Consent Item here in
front of me since we hadn't had some questions. What we are asking the
Council to approve is the authority for the Staff to be able to proceed with a
range of projects, and we identify them. That being said, the fact that this is
a pilot project would not mean we would automatically proceed with the
project. It would be pending the results of the feedback itself. What we are
asking for is the authority to be able to move ahead with the understanding
that if we're saying that we've got a pilot project, this is not mandating that
the project occur. We are seeking the appropriation authority to be able to
spend the contract in this amount. That being said, I would guess that, if we
have a range of projects, the authority that is granted to Staff has some
fungibility to it. If we were not proceeding with this project or if there was
an overage in another project, we could use some of the funding towards
that. These are meant to be examples.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Do we have a Motion on the Consent Calendar?

Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-10.

3.    Resolution 9586 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Purchase a Portion of the City’s
      Natural Gas Requirements From Certain Prequalified Natural Gas
      Suppliers Under Specified Terms and Conditions During Calendar Years
      2016 Through 2022, Inclusive, With a $100 Million Maximum
      Aggregate Transaction Limit;” and Adopt an Ordinance Repealing
      Ordinance Number 4936, the Council's Prior Authorization for Natural
      Gas Purchases.

4.    Approval of a Contract With O'Grady Paving, Inc. for a Not-to-Exceed
      Amount of $3,980,143 for the FY 2016 Asphalt Paving, Capital
      Improvements Program Project PE-86070.



                                                                        Page 32 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
