                          TRANSCRIPT
north, then you're right on the right finding to look at that to see how the
project performs.

Mayor Burt: Somewhat following up on Council Member Wolbach's question,
we have max units per acre on the residential. We have no minimum. Is
that correct? That's basically why the units are that large.

Mr. Lait: Yep.

Mayor Burt: We don't have any discretion other than if there was something
in the findings having to do specifically related to unit size, not just anything
in the findings. Is that correct?

Mr. Lait: That's consistent with my understanding.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Can I follow up on a question the Mayor just
asked? You mentioned that there's a section of the Code that deals with
transitions from commercial to residential.

Mr. Lait: Are you referring to the daylight plane requirement?

Council Member Filseth: I want to make sure I understand your answer to
the Mayor's question. You said there's a daylight plane, then you go up 15
feet and 45 degrees. Then you said there's a different section of the Code
that deals with commercial to residential transitions. I'm wondering if that's
18.18.110.

Mr. Ah Sing: 18.23 is the chapter.

Council Member Filseth: What's 18.18.110? (crosstalk)

Mr. Ah Sing: Those are the Context-Based Design Criteria.

Council Member Filseth: It says low-density residential transitions. Is that
relevant here? There's not a lot of detail in—not a lot of numbers in this.
There are a lot of pictures. It looks like there's nothing here that's three
stories to one story. It's all three stories to two stories, and it calls for sort
of graded transitions. I'm wondering why that is. I'm looking at Sections 4
and 5.

Mr. Lait: Figure 4.1, is that what you're looking at?




                                                                           Page 31 of 90
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/15/16
