                          TRANSCRIPT
think small medical makes sense, but there can be some very large medical.
I think the intent was to exempt small medical, but we should make sure
that's clear. Did there used to be language in the element about school
impacts? I saw some discussion in the Minutes, but I didn't see any
redlines. Also Cubberley, I didn't see either of those. I thought Cubberley
used to be in there.

Ms. Gitelman: I think in the proposed draft it's in the community indicators
as something that would be monitored over time. I don't recollect that there
was an existing policy. We can go back and check. It's in community
facilities, so it's not in the Land Use Element.

Council Member DuBois: I think it's important enough under kind of civic
buildings and the Land Use Element, there's a little bit of a discussion there.
We are starting a design; it seems really relevant. Why was Alma Plaza
removed from neighborhood centers? I know it's a lot less retail than
before.

Ms. Gitelman:       Again, I think that was a recommendation by the
subcommittee that was carried forward to the full CAC and not altered at the
full CAC. There was a sense that it had already developed for what it is, and
it didn't need to be included in that category anymore.

Council Member DuBois: I also saw a policy that was deleted, that I actually
thought was kind of interesting, which was having property owners
coordinate on retail master plans and shopping areas. That seemed like a
useful idea. Again, I want to say thanks to Staff and the CAC members. I
know you guys have put in a ton of time. This has been going on since
2006. I think PlaceWorks has been working with us since 2008, so it's been
a while. I think really since 2014 we've put an emphasis on this and made a
tremendous amount of progress in the last couple of years. I do still feel
and I say it every time an element comes to us that we need to try to focus.
It feels like editing is a challenge. Every idea is present; again, I'm always
concerned that we have so many programs and policies that we're never
going to get to them all. I do want to go back to the Scenario 5 discussion.
Again, it could have been a miscommunication from Council. I do take
notes; I went back and looked. I think we made specific motions on
Scenario 5, and we've always talked about Scenario 5 as less job growth.
Right now it's the same as Scenario 6. I think it was a mistake, and I do
think we should correct that tonight. If my colleagues remember, the
discussion on the scenarios is to test a range of conditions. This is work
that's underway, so I think we have some urgency to correct that. I would
urge us to make a Motion along those lines later tonight, that we distinguish
Scenario 5 from 6 and that the amount of jobs reflect the decreased amount

                                                                       Page 88 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
