                         TRANSCRIPT
that the Staff came back with some recommendations related to housing
even under this scenario.

Council Member Wolbach: In that case...

Mr. Keene: That's what I'm saying. I'm also looking at the Mayor.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that. In that case, I'll offer a
friendly amendment which, I think, dovetails well with Item Six which is here
now. The friendly amendment would be to evaluate higher housing growth
than Scenario Four. If we're going to look at lower office growth than
Scenario Two, then I think we should also balance that out. I don't think it
would hurt to evaluate higher housing growth than Scenario Four. That's
the friendly amendment hopefully.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You know I voted against the other one, but I will
accept your friendly amendment.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like us to vote on this separately. Actually I do
think it's a sixth scenario, what you're talking about. Let's vote on the
amendment by itself.

Council Member Wolbach: I can offer it as a ...

Mayor Burt: If I might jump in. I think that that's somewhat open-ended.
If it were "evaluate a higher housing than"—"four" is how many units?

Mr. Keene: That's the most (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Higher than the most.

Council Member Wolbach: That's the point. "Six" identified lower job,
specifically office and R&D, beyond the lowest. It broadened the range of
discussion for study. I'm suggesting that while (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: No, I understand what you're saying. I was more interested in
something that would be allowing Number Four provided that it had fully
mitigated or severely mitigated impacts on trips and schools.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's sort of how I understood it. I'm probably
understanding it wrong. I wasn't going to put a cap of up to four. The
whole notion of this is that it's fully mitigated. The whole Motion. That was
my argument when you guys voted against me on the office cap.
(inaudible) on adding the R&D. I'm fine with it the way Mayor Burt said it. I
don't think it needs say up to Scenario Four. I just want to see the housing
that creates the quality of life, which means mitigated. I think in a lot of
                                                                       Page 74 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
