                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Ratchye: Yeah, the quarterly report.

Mr. Shikada: I should know this. That said, I would be cautious about
drawing too close a connection between NEM and the rate at which solar
systems are being installed, given that there are a variety of factors; the
cost of the systems as well as the extent to which perhaps the early
adopters are already there. We'll certainly report on that and draw any
conclusions we can.

Mayor Burt: Does the quarterly report distinguish which program is being
utilized, whether it's NEM or ...

Ms. Ratchye: We can put whatever we want in the quarterly report. We can
put that. We can identify when we've met the cap, how many people are
over the cap, where we are with respect to the cap and things like that.

Mayor Burt: Really what I’m looking for is once we've gone past the cap and
we go into the new program what then happens on Net Metering. I think it
was the CALSEIA representative who referenced that investor-owned utilities
are looking in the range of 15 cents a kilowatt hour under new NEMs. Are
we familiar with that at all?

Mr. Abendschein: My guess would be that that's looking—I'd have to get
more information, but my guess would be that's looking at their retail rate,
which is a lot higher than ours. Fifteen cents is on the low end of their
average rate, so anybody would receive that in compensation under Net
Energy Metering. One thing that wasn't discussed is that there are non-
bypassable charges that are being added into Net Energy Metering for the
investor-owned utilities. That's also affecting the compensation rate.

Mayor Burt: In comparison, if we're comparing to an investor-owned utility
that charges 30-50 percent more, then their cost recovery is different. It's
higher.

Mr. Abendschein: I don't think it's the same model. It's not representative
of an avoided cost rate.

Mayor Burt:       I think that David Coale's point that this won't affect
commercial accounts was informative, and it makes perfect sense, since
they're typically not nearly approaching full generation onsite and they're
operating at some high tiers. That makes good sense there, and that's a
little reassuring on that side. I think a lot of the discussion that we've had,
where some of the colleagues have pitted this against a CLEAN program, it
makes me recall when we had the discussion around our school funding and
basic aid districts and Palo Alto benefits from being a basic aid district.
                                                                       Page 36 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
