                          TRANSCRIPT
to wrap our arms around. That area is both so speculative and really
outside the ability of the City to influence in any direct way.

Mayor Burt: When we come back to discussion, I think I'm going to be
interested in exploring more what we might be able to do as a City and what
we may be able to do through regional government in collaboration with
cities to trigger greater conversion to clean fleets in these bus systems and
in the common carrier vehicles that just keep becoming a bigger part of our
transportation footprint. I think at this time, we're going to hear from
members of the public. I do want to recognize that we have Boy Scout
Troop 52 here. Everybody raise your hands, if we can. Hello and welcome.
The troop is working on both communications merit badges and citizenship
in the community merit badge. Couldn't have picked a better evening to
join us. If anyone wishes to speak, can you come forward and fill out a
speaker card at this time? We need to be able to anticipate how long we can
have to speak. We're going to cut off additional speakers in the next two
minutes we'll say. Each speaker will have up to three minutes to speak. In
the interest of us trying to move things forward, don't feel obligated to use
all three. Our first speaker is Yoriko Kishimoto, former Mayor. Welcome.
Our next speaker is Winter Dellenbach.

Yoriko Kishimoto: Mr. Mayor and Honorable Members of the Council. I'm
here tonight because actually the year I was Mayor was the year that we
adopted the Climate Protection Plan. I used the quote often that year by
Jonas Salk. He said the brontosaurus went extinct, but it wasn't its fault so
to speak. If we go extinct, it will be our fault. It is up to humankind to
evolve in order to survive. That year we did adopt bold goals at that time.
It was to reduce greenhouse gases for City operations by 20 percent by
2012 and for communitywide emissions by 15 percent by 2020. As you
know, the community ignored those goals and blew right through them.
We've achieved an amazing 36 percent drop for communitywide emissions.
I think that's worth a pause and appreciation for what we've accomplished.
Tonight you have some fresh analysis before you and some fresh aggressive
goals. As you know, climate change is here today. There's no doubt. I'm
very excited to see all the proposals for transportation and energy reforms.
It gives me assurance that the path to reform is available and does exist.
It's just one thing that I would suggest to improve the Sustainability and
Climate Plan, better integration of this plan with the larger ecosystems. For
example, more integration of the Urban Forest Master Plan issues and
wetlands restoration and thinking about how we fit in with the larger system.
Tonight is not just another political tradeoff. Please enthusiastically embrace
the 80/30 goals, 80-percent reduction below 1990 by 2030, and direct Staff
to work with the community to bring back the Implementation Plan. Thank
you.
                                                                         Page 31 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
