                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: If we increase one housing unit—we increase 100
housing units, does traffic go up or does traffic go down?

Ms. Gitelman: Traffic goes up when you add housing units and when you
add nonresidential square footage.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The other thing, I wanted to focus a little bit on is the
transportation impacts. What I primarily wanted was the mode shares. I
was struck that they're all actually very similar. It seems like very little
changes under any of the scenarios. For instance, in the existing conditions,
7.9 percent of the people walk. At best, we get up to 8.6 in Scenario Four
which is a bit of an outlier; otherwise, it's 8.1 and 8.2. What's driving that
8.6? What are we doing to have all these people walk?

Ms. Gitelman: That level of detailed question, I should have our traffic
engineers come and respond to that. I think what people are seeing in
these numbers is a lot of similarity between the scenarios. We're getting ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Except Scenario Four.

Ms. Gitelman: Scenario Four has an emphasis on sustainability measures
and free transit passes and other things that start to change the results. I'd
have to get the traffic engineers here to give you more information on
what's a factor or an assumption in the model that really makes a difference.
The free transit passes I know is one of them, and that's what's in Scenario
Four.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would find that really helpful, because I don't really
understand, from a technical point of view, how we drive down the impacts
with these different scenarios which relates to the quality of life which
relates to when you ask me what scenario I would like to see in a scenario,
I'd like to see a scenario that solves impacts. I'm not sure how to
understand that without that information.

Ms. Gitelman: I really appreciate that question, and I understand where
you're coming from. The idea of piling all the mitigations onto these
scenarios and running that is really attractive, because we do have some
very aggressive transportation mitigations. We'll ask our modelers to tell us
kind of how that translates when we do that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We used our housing numbers. We used our historical
rate of growth. Did you average—between 2000 and 2010, we had a certain
number of housing units produced. From 2010 basically to 2000 and now,
the last cycle, in this cycle of ABAG and the previous cycle of ABAG, they

                                                                        Page 21 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
