                          TRANSCRIPT
think are representative and a good sample of the City. If the Council
wanted us to study more, obviously we would just have to allocate the
additional resources to do that.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for the note about 2001. I guess what
I'm responding to too is the fact that nobody seems to think that
transportation or traffic has gotten any better since that period in time. The
numbers are the numbers, but there is a recent thing about the Page Mill
and El Camino. That was an "F" when that project came forward for
analysis, but here it only shows it as being—wherever it was. It's only
showing it as being a "D" and an "E." Those are concerns. Page Mill and
280, I think, would be a significant one. If we leave it out, we're being
really remiss in what we're analyzing, because that's a bad intersection and
we all get comments about that one regularly. I mentioned earlier about
changing what we use as our threshold for impacts. Palo Alto has a much
higher, for instance, threshold than Menlo Park. We use the foursecond;
Menlo Park's a zero. 0.8, I'm sorry. A 0.8 in Menlo Park. I think this would
be the time to change what we use for measuring our impacts. I'll come
back to that in a moment. In terms of zoning for housing, yes, I believe it
was 2004-2005 when housing was the go-to development. That's when we
got the Hyatt Rickey's project was developed. It is the zone for what you
want. Just because we zone for it and it doesn't get built at one point in
time, if we zone for it, it can be built. When the market shifts, it will be at
some point in time. When the market shifts, there the zoning is that
accommodates it. A cautionary step there. Could I add in Number One here
in the Motion—I think it is such a critical one. Could we add "noise"
specifically there? The maker and seconder? I know it says "etc.," but could
we add "noise" there specifically?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, we could add "noise."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Motion Part A, “noise” after “greenhouse
gas impacts.”

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Number Six—wait a minute, it's
actually not there. It's Number Two. It's kind of like a combination of
Number Two and Number Six. Directing Staff to come up with further
mitigations for a scenario that improves the quality of life in Palo Alto, I like
that a lot. What we have trouble doing in Palo Alto—not that we're alone in
this—is enforcing the mitigations. I think without identifying also what
mitigation methodologies are, we're missing part of the thing here. We can
say we're going to require TDM programs, for instance, for a project. If it
isn't an enforceable TDM program, we're getting what we're getting now.

                                                                          Page 58 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
