                          TRANSCRIPT
Lisa van Dusen: Good evening, Mayor Burt and members of the Council.
It's a pleasure to be here tonight after more than a year and a half of
hatching and herding this initiative along. We have mandates from all
corners to move as swiftly and boldly and nimbly as possible to address Palo
Alto's remaining carbon footprint. We've seen on the screen where that lies.
When Sandra and I, both members of the S/CAP Advisory Council though
we're here as individuals tonight, scratched our chins about mid-2015 about
where to best point our carbon-reducing energy, we spotted this initiative as
low-hanging fruit, looking at the opt-in green natural gas program and what
that could become. Fast forward, we're standing here tonight because we've
work with, as Sandra mentioned, all the people involved. Again, I want to
just tip my hat to Jane Ratchye's 30 years of service. I have experienced all
the things that were said about her tonight personally. It's really been a
team effort. It wouldn't be without the City Council, the Finance Committee,
the UAC, some members of which are here tonight, Gil Friend and others in
the community that we are here. It's gotten better every step of the way,
I'd like to just say. Also, the discussion happening tonight is really helpful.
It's really encouraging to hear this discussion and all the thinking. Thank
you. Thank you for approving that framework and for your commitment. I
think that commitment is what's really important here, which is that this is a
beginning and this isn't an ending point. I'm hearing that commitment in
your discussion and also at the UAC level. This is flexible. As all these
things become clearer and there's a lot of work to do, I think this resolution
before you can flex with the new technology, the regulations, our local needs
and opportunities. It can move along with that. We're also in a position
where carbon emissions know no borders. We're sending a price signal that
we want to get off natural gas. Just the increase in price alone is powerful.
As a number of you have said, we want to lead. Let's not let perfect be the
enemy of the good here. Take the action you can take tonight and look to
all the ways that we can be more and more serious and local and leaderly in
the way that we move ahead in deploying our financial and other resources.
You do have an opportunity to communicate to the citizens of Palo Alto as
well as to the world that we're not going to stop until we reach and ideally
beat our goal of 80 by '30. Keep calm and carbon reduce on. Thank you
very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Our next speaker is Dr. William Conlon, to be
followed by Frank Wasku.

Dr. William M. Conlon: Thank you. Good evening. My name is Bill Conlon,
and I've been professionally engaged in reducing CO2 emissions since I first
learned about the greenhouse effect in 1973. I've been involved in the
energy business since receiving my Ph.D. and have decades of experience in
power generation including California's largest, single, carbon free electricity
                                                                          Page 31 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
