                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Yeah. I think that that may be the follow-on to this meeting.
If I’m hearing a takeaway, that's what we need to grapple with.

Council Member Berman: Can I ask a question? (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Tom, we're trying to figure out how to ...

Council Member DuBois: I understand.

Mayor Burt: We could let you plow forward with the Motion, but I'm not
sure it's going to ...

Council Member DuBois: I appreciate it. I'd actually like to hear from
Council Member Holman kind of what her opinion is as the seconder of the
Motion.

Mayor Burt: Okay. Then Council Member Berman has a question after that.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate much of the Motion that Council
Member DuBois put forward and comments that we've heard from the CAC
and comments that Pat was making, capturing both of those. To satisfy
perhaps some concern of Staff, the "B" part of the Motion, I think, could go
ahead and leave Scenario 4 since they've already put that out there but just
create a Fifth Scenario.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part B of the Motion with, “direct Staff
to move forward with a Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) of various
scenarios, adding a fifth scenario which shifts the jobs/housing balance by
limiting office expansion and replacing some commercial use with housing.”

Mr. Keene: They're just weightlifting. It's next door, not above us.

Council Member Holman: I know. Some people might not; I do know.

Mr. Keene: It's a machine in there dropping them. They don't really have
guys lifting that much weight.

Council Member Holman: Anyway, Tom, if you were amenable to adding a
Fifth Scenario which is what you describe here and let them keep the Fourth
Scenario, are you good with that?

Mayor Burt: We need to address the timing of that fifth one too.

Council Member Holman: Yes, exactly, getting to that. What I see in "A"
is—maybe I'm just not tracking the timing that Council Member DuBois is
                                                                           Page 91 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
