                         TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to comment that I think we've
come a long way since where we were a year ago. Admittedly, I wasn't the
most enthusiastic about this when we first started talking about it. As it's
started to come together through our discussions and through the Staff work
on this, I'm increasingly happy with the direction we're heading with this. I
don't want to spend too much time patting ourselves on the back, but so far
I think we're on kind of the right track here.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for bringing this forward. I also have a
question about the medical office.       I'm wondering if we're creating a
loophole here. What if someone builds 5,000 square feet of medical office.
A medical practitioner moves in and within—I'll make up a time—six months
they move out, does that property owner then have an argument for
hardship, if they don't rent it within what amount of time? If the only thing
that can go back in that 5,000 square feet is medical office.

Ms. Gitelman: thank you, Council Member Holman, for that question. I
don't want to speculate about what would happen, but I think the Council's
clear intention in the drafting process of the ordinance was to exempt small
medical offices. It means that the medical offices would be approved as
medical offices, so they would have to maintain that use or come back for
some approval through the City.

Council Member Holman: This would be enforceable even if they were in a
zone district that allowed general office. We can legally stipulate that?

Ms. Gitelman: All I can say is we would do our best to ensure if it's
approved as medical office, it would be used as medical office.

Council Member Holman: I think we might need a little bit of clarification
around that. Having to do with the review criteria—one question about map,
can you remind me please. On the map, the Exhibit A, can you remind me
why we didn't continue up El Camino, like say where Town and Country is
because there's office on the second floors there or where the hotels are?
Why didn't we include that area of El Camino? I'm not recalling. There's
also—it's very hard to see on this. I can't tell for sure if this includes
Churchill because there are offices around there too. Can you remind me
why we didn't go up El Camino?

                                                                       Page 60 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
