                          TRANSCRIPT
way to identify the return on investment we think we could get and begin to
start acting on them, if it's within a five year timeframe, we can set a five
year horizon within a 15-year plan if we want. It doesn't matter; we're
going to have to make annual decisions in every way on what we're going to
work on. We're going to have to assess our progress on the way. I think it
would be a mistake to think we could choreograph the entire chart and
sequence between now and 2030 about what we're going to do. I think we
need to think about what we do want to achieve, and then start really
identifying the actions and find a way to start to bundle them and commit to
acting on them, and then monitor our progress all the way. I think it'll make
it easier, or else we'll debate the plan for the next three or five years.

Mayor Burt: Absolutely agree. You don't score many touchdowns from your
10-yard line. Get across midfield, get into the red zone, and figure out how
you get across the goal line from there. If it's all right, I'll go ahead and go
to the public. I have five speaker cards. If anyone else wishes to speak,
please come forward and fill out a card. Our first speaker is Jeralyn Moran,
to be followed by Sven Thesen. Welcome.

Jeralyn Moran: Hi, good evening. I'd just like to say quickly Sven Thesen
has had to leave to go pick up his children, so he won't be here. I do thank
you, Mayor Burt and all of you Council Members that were at the Summit
yesterday. It was, to me, a really successful and an encouraging event for
me as a community member. I'm here tonight to talk to you about our
commitment to climate change.          I applaud you for looking at this
comprehensively, meaning transportation, housing and our energy use
altogether, because they are so intertwined (sic). I think you would agree.
I feel like it's very important for you to remember that we have to take
thoughtful but speedy action starting now, not just waiting and looking way
far ahead in time. I just want to remind you of the urgency of this crisis. I
just want to ask you to consider two areas I feel that are important for you
to look at further. Adjusting our City zoning laws. I think we've all talked
about these. I'm just basically repeating some things. To build smaller and
denser housing in concert, like I said, with strong public transportation. I
guess I'm here to repeat that. Also prioritizing funding for greenhouse gas
emissions, to reduce them, that should be our top priority. My concern is
that on the table especially for this tax coming up, there's still in the plan
money for widening highways and roads. I feel that all the decisions to
emphasize greenhouse gas emission reduction and, of course, maintenance
of the roads that we have now, to maintain their integrity for all the modes
of transportation that we're trying to move toward. I appreciate you as a
Council and what you're doing. I look forward to an exciting year ahead.
Thank you.

                                                                         Page 60 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
