                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: What do you with that 30? What did you do with that
30,000 roughly?

Mr. Cohen: If you look at our budget that is submitted to you, that you
have before you, you'll see exactly how we allocate those funds. Everything
from administrative costs to event planning, printing, postage, the list goes
on. Lamp post banners are a big expense. Lamp post banners that you see
throughout Downtown, that's a major expense. Our financial audit every
year is a major expense.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You talked about—the primary goals were cleanliness
and safety. Yet, the City is the one who pays for all that.

Mr. Cohen: Not exactly accurate.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The BID pays for none of it.

Mr. Cohen: That's not exactly accurate either. We partner with the Parking
Assessment District. Up until this year, there was money allocated for street
cleaning or sidewalk cleaning. We also contribute to the Downtown Streets
Team. We promote their efforts financially.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What do you do for the Downtown Streets Team when
you say do it? When I read through the list of accomplishments, it feels to
me like what you really do is you do a lot of event planning, which is great.

Mr. Cohen: Some.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You put signs out, and you advocate on behalf of the
businesses in the Downtown. Everything else the City actually pays for, and
you take credit for it. That's sort of how it feels.

Mr. Cohen: That could be how it feels, because we do pride ourselves on
public-private partnerships. One of our greatest partners is the City of Palo
Alto itself. For example, I might come to the City, and I might advocate for
Public Works, for example, to paint the University Avenue tunnels. Now, we
did not pay for that project, but we advocated for that project. We made it
a priority for the Public Works to get that project done. You're absolutely
right. We'll take credit for getting the project done and spearheading that
effort. From a funding standpoint, no, we did not pay for it. That's a good
example.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In the last year, what were the three things you think
would not have happened if it wasn't for the BID?

Mr. Cohen: You're asking me to remember my accomplishment list.
                                                                          Page 16 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
