                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously with
Council Members Wolbach and Berman not present. We will now go into
Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Wolbach absent

Council went into Closed Session at 5:02 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:14 P.M.

Mayor Burt: The Council has just returned from a Closed Session, Item
Number 1. There is no reportable action.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We
actually have made changes from the published Agenda. One is that Item
Number 18 has been moved forward.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Correct. To be Agenda Item 14A. It'll be right after
the bid, the second item on Action.

James Keene, City Manager: You're also removing Item 15.

Mayor Burt: Item 15 is being removed from tonight's Agenda, rescheduled
...

Mr. Keene: For the 27th of June meeting. That is the Storm Drain Blue
Ribbon Committee recommendations regarding future storm water
management funding. One other just technicality, Mr. Mayor. There is an
at-places memo related to Item Number 10 on the Consent Calendar,
approval of the first amended agreement with the San Francisquito Creek
Joint Power Authority. It really is just a reformatted item. The substance of
the item stays the same.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item is City Manager Comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. I did
want to share with the Council that the City has been recognized as a One
Star winner by the Green Electronics Counsel as part of its Sustainable
Purchasing Awards program, which recognizes excellence in the procurement
of sustainable electronics. The award was the result of a collaboration
                                                                           Page 2 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
