                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Shikada: I believe we could.

Mayor Burt: Second, we currently get cap and trade dollars back to the City.
Can you explain, to the best you're prepared to tonight, how many dollars
those are and how they are restricted and whether any of those dollars
potentially could be used for purposes of either efficient electric appliances
that, by the way—also if they were replacing gas stoves or gas hot water
heaters or gas dryers whether those funds either from a gas cap and trade
fund or electric cap and trade fund could be used toward our electrification
objectives? I'm assuming that we have greater discretion on their use than
we might on these funds. I guess that's another clarifying question I would
have. Do we in fact have greater discretion?

Ms. Ratchye: There are rules around what you can use that money for, and
those are from CARB. We do get maybe $4 1/2-$5 million a year on the
electric side from the sale, which we're required to sell the allowances that
are provided for free. We don't know if this program will persist after 2020.
On the gas side, we get some, but we also have a compliance obligation.
We have to buy these allowances in the cap and trade auction. It's a cost to
us. In fact, we have a little part of the bill that's a rate component where
these cap and trade cost. You're saying it's about $1 million in cost and
revenue and on the gas side. On the electric side where we have the $4
1/2-ish million a year, those funds have to be used to benefit electric rate
payers. What PG&E does with them is give it back to electric ratepayers in
their bill every six months. Here, according to the policy, we spent it on
renewables, efficiency and Carbon Neutral Plan in the electric.

Mayor Burt: We choose to spend it on electricity efficiency; that's directly.
If it must go to electric ratepayers—I'm an electric ratepayer. If the City
offered me a discount on an electric heat pump or an induction stove or an
efficient gas dryer, aren't those funds helping me as an electric ratepayer?
If we favored most efficient electric appliances and we did not offer them for
less efficient electric appliances, wouldn't that be compliant?

Ms. Ratchye: Not if it's not cost effective. All the efficiency programs we do
are cost effective. In other words, it's cheaper for us to do the efficiencies
than not, so that benefits all ratepayers whether you participate in the
program or not.

Mayor Burt: Cost effective to what end?

Ms. Ratchye: Using the total resource cost test, it's a (inaudible) test.
Overall, the total cost is less than the total benefit. You can argue about
what might be included on both sides of the equation.

                                                                        Page 27 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
