                          TRANSCRIPT
design to a 15 percent level with the baseline design being one that could
meet the project's $13 million new budget that you had approved. We said
that following that work we would bring that 15 percent design to Council
along with some other optional enhancements that had been talked about
during the design process over the last couple of years, but with those
things being things that weren't initially prioritized in the $13 million,
meaning that they would have added costs beyond the $13 million. That's
where we are now. I'll say we're very pleased with the design work that
Biggs Cardosa has done, and we hope you will be too. As Staff, we're quite
excited to have this project moving forward and trying to keep it on budget
and on schedule. At this point, we need the guidance from Council about
whether to include any of the optional enhancements so we can move
forward with the design work and also with completing our updated
environmental documents and reports that are critical to the schedule on
this project. In terms of funding, this slide reviews the current funding plan
for the project. The $13 million budget includes $4.65 million from the
General Fund, $4 million from the Santa Clara County Recreation Trails
Fund, and $4.3 million from One Bay Area Grant (OBAG) Cycle 2 funds. Just
a reminder that the OBAG Cycle 2 funding is funding that's replacing the
State Transportation Improvement Program (STIP) funding that was deleted
earlier this year because of the shortfalls at the State level. We talked about
this in May. We've gotten assurances from VTA that we'll get this funding
sort of skimmed off the top of the OBAG Phase 2, but the formal decisions
and determinations and notifications on that haven't yet been made. In
addition to that funding, the $13 million, Google has committed to provide
$1 million for the project. That hasn't yet been incorporated into our
budget, but there's a few things we could do with that. It could be used to
add some of these optional enhancements to the project. It could be used
to reduce the City's $4.65 million contribution or partially in that way. It
could be held as a contingency essentially against potential cost increases
that could develop. Kind of to that point, I just wanted to point out that
while we've defined this baseline project that meets the $13-million budget,
to achieve that we actually have some pretty slim contingencies within that
$13 million. That makes us a little bit nervous at this point, working near
the Baylands and with the environmentally sensitive areas close to us. The
last category is the additional $4.5 million in Santa Clara County Recreation
funds. That's not allocated for projects at this time, because Stanford
University didn't use the funding for the Perimeter Trail construction that
they did. That's funding that's potentially available, but we've asked several
times and we're still being told that there's not a process yet defined for how
those funds will be eventually allocated. Kind of no answer on that yet. In
terms of project elements, I'm going to turn it over to Roy in a moment to
review our design information and the optional enhancements. I won't walk
through the details on this slide. The purpose of it is to orient you to what is
                                                                          Page 49 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
