                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: What Hillary clarified is that we can't proceed on 35 for
practical reasons until after the paid parking study.      That's my
understanding.

Council Member Berman: Or 40, I believe.

Mayor Burt: We can't do either of those.

Ms. Gitelman: In terms of our budgeting process, we don't have funding for
either of these until—we're hoping that the paid parking study will help us
identify a funding stream. We also think the paid parking study will help us
identify the type of equipment and improvements we need to make to
achieve the access and revenue components.

Mayor Burt: Let me just say on 40, are we saying that unless we have paid
parking, we'll never have a parking guidance system?

Ms. Gitelman: That's just our proposal in looking at the CIP when we all got
together.

Mayor Burt: I'm looking at sequencing.

Mr. Keene: I didn't think that that's what we were saying. I did think we
were thinking that there might be integration issues between different
parking strategies that would be good to be aware of.

Mayor Burt: I asked that to try and figure out whether these have to be
sequenced or they can be done in parallel.

Ms. Gitelman: The parking guidance could absolutely be done in parallel if
there was funding. It's at the point where we have to invest resources in
final design and construction. We need that funding to move forward with
those steps.

Mayor Burt: It's now at the point where it would need to be ...

Ms. Gitelman: We'd need to come up with a bid package.

Mayor Burt: We would either have to have General Fund requirements,
transportation tax or paid parking. I get it. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Given that, Hillary, are you saying that it's the parking
guidance systems we could move forward on now if we had the funding?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.


                                                                        Page 93 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
