                          TRANSCRIPT
efficiency rules over congestion. That's a comment by a CAC member.
There was a clear priority given to sustainability over congestion. Yet, when
you look at surveys and citizen issues, the congestion issue is really near the
top. Why this imbalance even to some of the members of the CAC, and
should there be a discussion amongst the CAC that we can see here of their
feelings about that? Point Number 2 is the VTA guidelines. I guess you
gave us a reference to the transportation impact analysis guidelines, where
they discuss TMAs. They are very, very strict in their requirements. They
say these are requirements. TDM programs should be based on financial
incentives which have the greatest effect on reducing trip generation. Use of
trip reductions will depend on the level of financial subsidy applied to
employees and the number of employees eligible. They say the standard
five percent reduction means that all employees have to be given the offer.
That just continues over their discussion of it.                 These aren't
recommendations; they call them requirements. They say you need to be
very strict on them. I read through the mentions of TMAs, and it's things
like we must cooperate and work with and so on. I would think that the VTA
is asking for a different kind of language like do not grant TMA trip reduction
goals until the methodologies have proven records of success, are fully
funded, have rigorous, independent monitoring programs and include
substantial annual penalties. That's the type of language they are looking
for and ask to make present in each T1A. I think somewhere in our
programs and policies we should have effective, clear language saying if
we're going to take reductions, you have to show who's paying, what the
goals are, what the monitoring system is and what the penalties are for
coming short. With our RPP program, it seems clear that our TMAs should
be trying to solve existing programs before it justifies future growth. One
key thing is there should be discussion in the CAC about the relationship
between growth in density and single occupancy vehicle trips. Are we
committing to increased density in order to achieve the types of goals you're
talking about in your Transportation Element? Finally, I guess there is no
discussion of office limits in terms of achieving the types of goals, whether it
be sustainability or congestion, whether the best tool and most effective tool
is a limit on office growth. I didn't see that discussed anywhere. Yet, that is
a key part of our land use. I guess the Land Use Element includes both the
land use programs and policies, but specifically L-8, so we will have a
discussion on growth limits. I would think the Transportation Element
should reflect that.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Schmid. If I can just point out—
thank you for referring to Don McDougall's comments.             There is an
attachment—this gets to Arthur Keller's remarks—that contains some late
comments from the CAC members. I think that's what you were referring
to. I wanted to stress that these goals aren't in competition with each other.
                                                                        Page 104 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
