                      ACTION MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 5-0 Berman, Holman, Kniss, Schmid absent

Council went into Closed Session at 5:31 P.M.

Vice Mayor Scharff left the meeting at 6:00 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 7:23 P.M. and Vice Mayor Scharff
returned to the meeting.

Mayor Burt announced Council voted 6-0 Berman, Kniss absent, Scharff
recused, to authorize the Acting City Manager to exercise the City’s purchase
option on Lytton I (Lytton Gardens), 656 Lytton Avenue (APN 120-03-074)
dated October 31, 2016 and directed Staff to work with Community Housing,
Inc. toward an agreement that would preserve affordability for all Lytton
Garden units for the longest term possible.

Special Orders of the Day

3.      Three Resolutions: Resolution 9640 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
        of the City of Palo Alto Expressing Appreciation to Abbie Knopper Upon
        Completion of her Term as a Parks and Recreation Commissioner;”
        Resolution 9641 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
        Alto Expressing Appreciation to Ed Lauing Upon Completion of his
        Term as a Parks and Recreation Commissioner;” and Resolution 9642
        Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Expressing
        Appreciation to Jennifer Hetterly Upon Completion of her Term as a
        Parks and Recreation Commissioner.”

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to adopt the three Resolutions expressing appreciation to Abbie Knopper,
Ed Lauing, and Jennifer Hetterly.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Kniss absent

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

Consent Calendar

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-15, including changes to Agenda Item
Number 14- Finance Committee Recommendation… as described by the Lalo
Perez, Acting City Manager/Chief Financial Officer.


                                                                             Page 2 of 9
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 11/14/16
