                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We now return to the main Motion. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd ask the maker of the Motion whether or not they'd
be willing to take out the part that says "commit to updating," which would
just say "to evaluate."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “commit to” with
“evaluate.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd ask if you'd remove—let me speak to it briefly. We
ask our lobbyist to lobby on a lot of stuff. There are times when things are
before the Legislature that it's a good time to lobby. To lobby on this as a
general rule and advocate for it, I think that should go to Policy and Services
if that opportunity comes up to talk about it. There may be different ways to
look at it, to repeal it or not repeal it. There may be—Cory actually raised a
bunch of issues about how you would structure it in terms of tip jars and
that kind of stuff. I think to just advocate—I don't think we really know
what we're advocating for. If that doesn't come up early enough in the
process, I don't think we would know what we're advocating for.

Council Member DuBois: What are you proposing?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm actually just proposing that we take that part out,
frankly, in terms of having our lobbyist advocate for it. I don't mind if we
trigger it, and it comes to Policy and Services if something is going to
happen in Sacramento.

Ms. Stump: Point of information, Council Members. Upcoming in the next
month or so in Policy and Services, before the end of the year, is the regular
update to the Legislative Priorities. This might be a time when that topic
could be discussed by the Committee in the ordinary course of considering
the legislative approach.

Council Member DuBois: Why don't we change this to (inaudible) consider
adding it to the list (inaudible)?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: Building on what the City Attorney said, that we
would change this to "will consider adding it to the list of issues at the Policy
and Services meeting."

Council Member Kniss: As the seconder, I think it's a good idea.
                                                                         Page 92 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
