                          TRANSCRIPT
come up with that. Clearly they're going to look at options below the
Scenario Two job growth and so forth. The other reason that I think by
extension this is really important is that this doesn't tell you—I think this is
really fundamental. This doesn't tell you which scenario to take. You decide
which scenario or combination of scenarios or combination of factors based
on what you want to achieve. If your top priority is traffic and air pollution
and so forth, then very clearly you're going to lean towards something closer
to the Scenario Two side of the spectrum. If your top priority is that Palo
Alto should compete with San Francisco and San Jose to get all the good
tech jobs, then you're going to skew towards Scenario Four. The DEIR
doesn't tell you which way to go. It's our job as Council—our job is vision,
policy and oversight—to do that. That's really important because, whether
we're like it not, we're going down the path of looking at what kind of city
we want to be. That's why this is so important, because we're making
decisions, but that's the direction we're going. For a long time, we've been
at this crossroads or approaching a crossroads of what do we want to be.
Historically Palo Alto has been a moderate density, family suburb with great
schools and great services. If you want to continue that direction, then
we've got to go the direction closer to what we're talking about tonight.
Council Member Scharff's motion of the low impact scenario clearly points us
towards that direction. If what you want here is to build a fourth regional
metroplex in the Mid-Peninsula next to Stanford on Sand Hill Road, then you
push for the aggressive growth scenario. That's not what we're doing here.
Everybody needs to be cognizant that is sort of the direction that we're
leaning. People need to understand that. I think most people want to do
the former. I think most of us here understand that, and that's why we're
going this direction. The last thing I want to say is I want to comment very
briefly on housing. I'm going to ask Staff a question, but I don't think I'm
going to propose an amendment. I think our direction to Staff should be
very broad tonight. We are going to take up housing on March 23rd, I think.
I assume that what I'm going to ask here is more appropriate for then.
Given the great likelihood that the answer to the question Council Member
Scharff has asked is going to come back and say in order to achieve the
quality of life scenario, we're going to want to have relatively modest
housing growth. I think everybody's sense is that the place we should try to
help first and the place we should put our efforts is sort of on the lower and
middle income sector. I think that's going to be consistent; we can't help
everybody. I don't see a lot of value to the community in prioritizing a lot of
new market rate housing. People who can afford to live here can work with
that as it is today. If we are going to try to find ways of encouraging
housing that facilitates middle and lower income—people who can't live here
now, assuming there's no way you can build enough to lower the market
price. I'm guessing that's a discussion we should have on the 21st as

                                                                          Page 68 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
