                         TRANSCRIPT

on, the metrics that we can work with. Let me take an example here in the
school section, pages C-19, C-20. Demographics has been critical. I note
that the City when talking about how fast will the population grow has given
us numbers that vary from 1.1 percent per year to 0.7 percent per year or
somewhere in that range. That's a set of numbers. We're growing, and
that's significant growth over all our long-term history. The school, when
you look at them, they have a ten year forecast and say we're going to grow
0.1 percent per year. Policy C.1.14, .17, .18 talk about working with the
school on demographic issues, school sites, cooperation, partnerships, and
yet we're starting from different polls. Do they just think differently about
growth or are they saying something about the composition of growth?
Maybe because of high prices, we won't have families. That's a dynamite
assumption to be making, and it would influence everything in Community
Services. You look elsewhere in Community Services, and it says we need
childcare. Let's invest in childcare. Obviously there's some fundamental
disagreement around demographics, between the School District and us.
Yet, one of the thrusts here is to cooperate and work with, be partners with.
How do we overcome that? Maybe one way is to make explicit what we're
are assuming, what they are assuming. Demographics is a case that
showed up here. It's something we can work through, but I think of basic
assumptions when we get to some of the other Elements like Land Use,
Transportation, Business and Economics.            There's issues there on
demographics, how many people will be in the City, how many jobs, what's
the jobs/housing imbalance, how do we think about L-8, has it been
successful. Metrics that start the discussion—I guess I would encourage the
Chairs of the CAC to raise these issues. I'm sure their group comes with
different ideas. Maybe at some point they want to say we can deal with both
sides of these ideas or scenarios or alternatives. Maybe they want to ask us
to give guidance. It seems to me to have an effective Comprehensive Plan,
we need to discuss upfront and reach some agreement on those basic
assumptions.      As I say, it's going to show up dramatically in the
Transportation, in Land Use and Business and Economics. The sooner we
can get grappling, have a community discussion around those basic
assumptions, the better off we'll be.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I agree the CAC put a lot of hard work into
this. In general, it's a great document. My concerns, frankly, are about the
programs. I'll give you an example. It says establish an online concierge to
assist local residents and businesses with questions about City services and
facilities. I use this as an example. I have no idea how much that is going
                                                                       Page 33 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
