                          TRANSCRIPT
B.    Direct Staff to withhold issuing building permits to the seven homes
      adjacent to the hotspots until the California Department of Toxic
      Substances Control (DTSC) issues its No Further Action determination.

C.    Direct Staff to work with the project Developer to attempt to locate
      pedestrian and bicycle access either toward Page Mill Road or Hanover
      Street.

Mayor Burt: Are we ready? Please vote on the board. That passes on an
8-0 vote with Council Member DuBois recused. Thank you everyone. That
concludes this item.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

Mayor Burt: I just want to share the break that I asked to have to confer
with Staff was because I had really reconsideration on how we acted on the
preceding item on the Maybell project. My interest was not in changing the
outcome of the project. I really had discomfort in the findings that we made
to be able to do that and wanted to see if there was any potential to rezone
the property so that our findings would be more appropriately aligned with
the project. Unfortunately, the only way to do that would really be with a
Planned Community Zoning (PC). This doesn't—even though they are single
lots, they are of configurations that they wouldn't fit in either an R-1 or R-2
zoning. It illustrates the irony that the only way to have this project aligned
with zoning would be under a PC Ordinance. I just wanted to share that
with my colleagues. I really have that discomfort over what we found
ourselves in a predicament and having to make findings that, I think, were
very weak. Thanks for allowing me the discretion of explaining that. Any
other Council Member questions or comments?

Vice Mayor Scharff: We have another item.

Mayor Burt: We do. Yes, that's right. Sorry. I was out of order. I was
hoping we were out the door.

James Keene, City Manager: That's makes 11 or 12 of us.

4.    Approval of a Contract With West Coast Arborists, Inc., in an Amount
      Not-to-Exceed $3,680,960 for Three Years for Tree Pruning and
      Removal Services on a Ten Year Maintenance Cycle (Continued from
      June 27, 2016).

Mayor Burt: Our final item is the former—I'll just say it's approval of a
contract with West Coast Arborists in an amount not to exceed $3.680


                                                                         Page 73 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
