                          TRANSCRIPT
known as InnVision Shelter Network. We operate 17 facilities across Santa
Clara and San Mateo Counties, working to return homeless families and
individuals to stable housing and self-sufficiency. We proudly claim the
drop-in center at the Opportunity Services Center in Palo Alto among them
and the Hotel de Zink, which is a rotating faith-based shelter that rotates
through churches in the Palo Alto area. Nine of our facilities are large
shelters, six of those serve homeless families. We know a little bit about
serving homeless families. We know it only works well when there's a true
collaboration between our clients, our staff and our community partners. We
also know that the best way to solve homelessness in our community is to
prevent homelessness in our community. The best way to prevent family
homelessness in our community is to preserve affordable family housing.
That takes collaboration too, which is why it is so inspiring to see the
proposal that is before you tonight. It's a true collaboration by public-sector
leaders to preserve desperately needed affordable family housing in our
area. What we can't afford is to have any more homeless families in our
community. We are grateful for the time and the effort and the resources
that you have committed to preserving affordable family housing. We're
also grateful for your leadership and your collaboration in support of families
who we hope never to see on the streets or on our wait lists or in our
shelters. Thank you very much.

Winter Dellenbach: Greetings, Mayor ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. If I might, Winter, before you begin. I certainly
appreciate, and we all do, the support that everyone has here. We try to
encourage members of the audience to neither applaud nor boo so that
everybody feels a safe environment. We certainly respect the support that's
here tonight. Winter Dellenbach.

Ms. Dellenbach: Greetings, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Tonight I'm
representing Friends of Buena Vista. In the days since the plan before you
was first announced, more Palo Alto and Stanford residents have asked to
join Friends of Buena Vista than in any comparable period of time in the
nearly four year history of Friends. To me, this indicates support in our
community is growing even stronger than it was before. Goodness knows it
was strong enough. We have people in all neighborhoods of Palo Alto and at
Stanford that have joined Friends of Buena Vista in the last four years. Their
support along with residents of Buena Vista has been steadfast every step of
the way.     It's deep, it's strong, it's committed, and it is absolutely
determined. We are relying on each of you, each of you—I am looking you
right in the eye as I go down this bench tonight—to take this next step. I
am here tonight to aid you in that resolve. We're here to help. We're here
with you. That's what support means. You are not alone. We feel we have
                                                                         Page 31 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
