                          TRANSCRIPT
Randi Brenowitz: Mr. Mayor, City Council Members, I am a resident of
Faircourt 3 and 4, which I didn't know I was either, but I certainly know I
live in an Eichler neighborhood and have for the past 32 years. This is the
first time I've actually been to a City Council meeting. I guess this whole
thing is worthwhile in that space. It's been interesting. I want to speak to
several issues that have been raised. I hope I can do so without repeating
what some of the previous speakers have said. If you look at the current
configuration, I want to agree with the woman who lives on Ross Road who
spoke. Ross Road, although it's somehow however the original boundaries
were decided upon, Ross Road was part of it.               If you know the
neighborhood, Ross Road is a wide street that we consider a main street
going through our neighborhood. The other streets, Arbutus and my street
Thornwood, these are little streets that feel very suburban. There isn't
through traffic. They're very private, and they have a feel of being part of a
neighborhood, specifically in this case an Eichler neighborhood. I know that
in Los Altos, in one of the Eichler neighborhoods there, a friend of mine who
happens to be a recent purchaser, I know how much she paid for her house.
Her property values actually, we think, were increased not because of
square footage or one story versus two stories, but there are people who are
actually seeking out Eichlers because it's very in right now to be doing mid-
century modern kind of architecture. I worry that if we destroy that, we
never get to get it back. Once we start proliferating that kind of bigger
housing on small lots—the other thing is if you look at the size of the lots,
these are not huge lots. You start putting these big houses on them, I think
that it destroys the feel of the neighborhood and will in fact in the long run
reduce our property values. I worry about that. I am recently over 65. My
husband and I have a large percentage of our retirement income and
hopefully our long-term income invested in that house. We are concerned
about it. Again also the nature of the Eichlers are such that it's not simply
that they're one-story homes. I'm sure most of you have been in Eichlers
and have been in the neighborhoods. They've been around for a long time.
There are huge amounts of glass with the outside feeling like it's part of your
house. I don't even have blinds or curtains on some of my windows that go
out into that area, because I want to bring the outside in. I certainly know if
somebody next door to me built a two-story house, the first thing I would
have to do is go curtain shopping. That would certainly ruin the feel of the
neighborhood. Based on both property values and neighborhood feel, I
would encourage you to consider removing the Ross Road folks and then to
pass this overlay for us.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Drew Fisher. We have one
final card, Richard Willits.


                                                                        Page 57 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
