                          TRANSCRIPT
We can't renew it, if I understand it correctly, as an emergency ordinance.
Can we?

Ms. Stump: Just two years and then you need to do something.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We need to do something. When was it passed, how
long ago? It's been over a year, I think.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:          Maybe I
can cut to the chase. It expires in April of 2017.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My concern is that we have to address these issues
prior to April 2017. This is one of the few time sensitive things we have on
here. We spent a lot of time talking about how we want to protect retail.
We passed an emergency ordinance. Now I feel like we're dropping the ball,
frankly. I think what we need to do, because obviously I want to put these
all in the parking lot and have further discussion about where we go with
this.

Mayor Burt: I'd like to just wade in on one other dimension to this. I agree
that we can't wait 24 months and then we have another crisis. I also had
anticipated that when we adopted this, that we would have certain interim
adjustments.     The rigid approach of a moratorium on all retail was
something that we just really, I thought, were doing as a placeholder so that
we could do some things interim while we then had up to two years to look
at a long-term solution. I'm also concerned that we need to look at if there
are hardships that don't seem to fit within what we were trying to
accomplish as our primary objective in the retail ordinance, I'd be interested
in Staff being able to come forward and say, "We'd like you to consider this
set of allowances from it." We can accept those or not, but that would be
something I would hope we'd be able to do sooner rather than later.

Council Member Kniss: I would really support that, strongly.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a little bit of a process clarification here. If
we're putting these in the parking lot, are we going to discuss it now or
when we address the parking lot items? I'll make comments now or I can
hold them for later.

Mayor Burt: Principally when we look at prioritizing them, it's going to be in
the parking lot. I brought this other thing out because it's another portion of
the parking lot that's not identified specifically within the long-term


                                                                        Page 63 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
