                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Actually my light was on about something else.
You've called on me for now. In the housing, it was just to consider this.
That's why I could support it; it's not do it.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That's closer. That passes on a 5-4
vote with Council Members Berman, Kniss, Filseth and Holman voting now.

MOTION PART F PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Filseth, Holman, Kniss no

Mayor Burt: I think that concludes this item. What do we still have to do?

Mr. Keene: I might have missed it. Did you vote on two things?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Where were you?

Mr. Keene: I'm sorry. I wasn't ...

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Mr. Keene: I want to say two things in conclusion. First of all, you did not
do what the main intent of this item coming to the Council was, to give the
feedback to the CAC ultimately on this issue.

Mayor Burt: Let me say that I think what we did was essentially a Study
Session sort of feedback. We had a lot of comments. I think that they
were—Council Members spoke clearly enough that they could be
consolidated without having to be reduced to Motions. I think we gave
feedback, but we didn't—frankly, for the CAC, I'm not sure that we want to
be necessarily giving this binding direction. We want to give our feedback.
I think that did occur.

Mr. Keene: I didn't mean it as a criticism. I just meant the idea of forming
anything as a Motion or directive to the CAC. The other thing, I will just put
all of this in perspective. We have a meeting on the 28th, next week, where
out of Planning we'll do the user fee update. We have April, May and June
before the break. We have 24 planning items, everything from wayfinding
and parking guidance system to the Comp Plan Draft EIR to the
Transportation Element review again to the Scenario 5. We actually have
the Scenario 5 planned to come back to the Council on May 23rd. I don't
mean this facetiously. It all going to Council Member Filseth's comment.
You very well may have the Comp Plan fifth scenario before definitive
solutions.

Mayor Burt: I think this goes into a discussion we've had with you that one
of the things that we will find as reasonable is for the Staff to come back and
say we could do this in this timeframe, but these things would have to be
                                                                       Page 112 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
