                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Post-pilot at a minimum we would come back. Given the fact
that I put on the Council's Agenda even our participation in the pilot, you
could be assured that I would be coming back for your approval for us to
even compete in the broad program that would obligate us to achieving a 25
percent minimum saturation rate in our City.

Council Member Holman: Having that commitment, that's ...

Mr. Keene: That would be sometime in 2017.

Council Member Holman:       The end of the pilot and coming back won't be
until 2017?

Mr. Keene: That's correct.

Council Member Holman: You said you thought the end of this year.

Ms. Slater: The end of this year is the pilot phase. Then we're going to take
all the learnings that we got from the pilots from the different cities, iterate
because that's what we do—we want to learn from this—and then put out
the RFP.

Council Member Holman: I think we're saying the same thing basically.

Ms. Slater: The RFP would probably go out in mid-2017 after we've looked
at the pilot, what the results of the pilot have been.

Council Member Holman: Council Member Kniss acknowledged a member of
the public who had come. I just wanted to acknowledge that Vanessa
Warheit did come even though her card got in before she did. I did want to
acknowledge that she came. There's some things I just want to put a plug
in for that people may or may not be aware of. Some of them, I'm sure you
do, but some of them maybe not. We used to have in the Development
Center—they've disappeared. I think they all got grabbed up and taken
away—brochures about how Eichlers could become more energy efficient. It
was really a how-to guide. Those kinds of things we've talked about for a
long time. Those were actually there for a while, and they were attractive,
very helpful brochures. We've talked about having that kind of mechanism
at the Development Center for other types of remodels and energy
efficiency. Those have never been developed. I hope that's one of the
things that you'll incorporate here. I'm just going to put a plug in for two
other things that I'm a little rabid ...

Mayor Burt: I just want to make sure that we're not using this time to try to
describe elements that would complement the program and things. We're

                                                                          Page 60 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
