                          TRANSCRIPT
our employees. We have recently experienced an economic downturn over
the last few years, which has allowed us to increase contributions to the
infrastructure needs of the organization.        The forecast also includes
dedicated revenue from the Hotel Tax increase from 12 to 14 percent and
from new hotels. There are many challenges ahead that are known and
some that are unknown in terms of the actual costs. We will touch upon
that in our presentation. Starting with slide 2, that's what we expect to
cover tonight during our presentation. Moving to slide 3. I have another
correction here. I apologize for that. The Fiscal Year 2018 where you see
the 14.7 percent change, that's comparing it to 2016, which is not what we
intended to do. It should read 4.6 percent which should be comparing it to
2017. The gray line is the number that I want to focus you to, which
basically says that we have a couple of challenging years ahead of us, in
Fiscal Years (FY) '17 and '18. '19 is not that much better, but at least in the
positive trend. As you can see, '20 and '21 are also a challenge. We'll go
into more detail as to what the forecast has and how we got to it. This next
slide here shows you the base forecast. While it looks very positive towards
the end of the forecast, as you well know, the further out we get the harder
it is to forecast. Keep in mind also that we have several projects and needs
in mind that are being discussed that are not part of the forecast, which
costs have not been implemented in this. With that, let me turn it over to
Joe Saccio who's going to start the discussion with revenues.

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director: This pie chart is self-
explanatory. The reason we show this is just to show the diversity of City
revenues that are fairly well balanced compared to other jurisdictions which
may rely on just sales or Property Tax. You'll note that we've broken out the
Transportation Occupancy Tax (TOT) between that that will go to support
infrastructure and the old TOT, so to speak, that goes for the General Fund,
not that the infrastructure doesn't go for Infrastructure Fund projects. The
next slide, this is just to remind you about some basic assumptions that we
have. We have used a compound annual growth rate methodology. A
Finance Committee recommended using it several years ago. We apply that
trend to the out years based on what we're seeing historically. What we
mean by inform adjustment is if we see a blip or a one-time event, we'll
extract that from historical data such as in Sales Tax in order to have a
Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) methodology that makes sense. We
did modify this forecast, going back to a question Council Member Schmid
raised about a Stanford Hospital Use Tax, which is a one-time revenue
source. We did correct for that as well, taking that down over the next few
years. You're well aware that we've had a pretty strong revenue recovery
since the great recession. Down below, the three more important taxes that
we have, you can see that the CAGR. We're doing fine on Sales Tax;
although, there is a few concerns about the internet erosion, online
                                                                        Page 82 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
