                          TRANSCRIPT
adaptive traffic signals that are coming online throughout the City. Some
members of the public have asked about synchronizing signals. I wanted to
ask Josh whether that in some ways runs in conflict with the ability to be
adaptive or is there some way in which we could have synchronization at
certain times of the day or certain streets. How might that work?

Mr. Mello: Our entire signal system is not adaptive. We have adaptive
technology on Sand Hill Road and San Antonio Road. We're looking to
expand that to other corridors. What we're doing right now is implementing
coordinated signal timing during the peak periods.            We rolled out
Embarcadero Road earlier this year. Middlefield Road will be the next
corridor. We're also working on updating timing along Alma Street to take
into account some of the recommendations we heard earlier this year around
maximizing the green time at the rail crossing, the signals that are adjacent
to the rail crossings along Alma. The way that'll work is the signals will be
coordinated in the peak direction during the peak hour. In the off peak,
they'll operate on free operation, which the majority of our signals today
operate on free operations. They're on-demand.

Mayor Burt: In the peak hour, they would be synchronized?

Mr. Mello: Yes.

Mayor Burt: They would be at the maximum speed limit or would they be at
25 or what would they …

Mr. Mello: The signals along Embarcadero Road have been coordinated at
25 miles an hour. The green band is large enough that you could feasibly
travel faster than 25 and still potentially—but they're timed at 25 miles an
hour.

Mayor Burt: If that's already occurring at peak, I think nobody knows that.
The question is do we want to add signage that will induce people to take
advantage of that. I didn't know it, and I'll bet nobody does before tonight.
I also wanted to just note what Council Member DuBois had mentioned
about how the GPS is directing folks to our bike boulevards, in particular
Bryant. I know that you have coming up at Mitchell Park on what date a
public event on the next phase of the bike plan.

Mr. Mello: We’re having a construction review meeting on November 29th at
Mitchell Park. This will be a chance for the public to look at the construction
plans for, I believe, seven bike boulevard corridors.

Mayor Burt: It includes Bryant, as I recall.

                                                                         Page 45 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
