                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Can we ask whether Staff has a clarification on the assumption
of how many workers per housing unit? That is core to Council Member
Wolbach's concern.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry I'm not going to be able to respond to that on the
fly. Footnote 3 in this Table 1 talks about the number of employed residents
is based on a percentage of the population from the ABAG projections.
That's how the jobs/housing ratio gets calculated. I don't know if that's
responsive to your question or not.

Mayor Burt: I think it helps.

Council Member Wolbach: Council Member Schmid was just telling me it's
about 48 percent. It's pretty close to one job per household.

Council Member Schmid: One-half job.

Council Member Wolbach: One-half job per household.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm not sure that's how it works out. It's based on 48
percent of population. Population depends on unit size and a variety of
factors. The persons per household changes over time, so we'd have to look
at the projection for 2030.

Council Member Wolbach: For any of the scenarios, we're still looking at
less housing units than jobs. If you have less housing units than jobs,
you're probably not making enough room for people, especially given for
each of these we're looking at maybe two or a little more than two people
per household.       Again, just as a comment, I want to share my
disappointment on that and would be open to exploring changing that for
Number 6 so that they would be balanced. I'll just make a couple of
comments for when it comes time for motions. There should be some
specific all-out around parking requirements, perhaps as a particular type of
incentive if balanced with residential TDM. This would accompany the last
item in Table 2, where it says adopt regulations and incentives to create
smaller units. I'd be looking for a Motion that suggests at least exploring
allowing reduced parking requirements in conjunction with residential TDM
and RPP. Table 3 talks about Planned Community, PC zoning district
provisions would be reformed. Obviously that's still be determined where we
move with that in the future. I would suggest as a complement to that
emphasizing Staff would prepare and the City would start to use coordinated
area plans as a more regular planning tool as we've done with great success
in SOFA and SOFA II. A number of people are looking at places like the
Fry's site but not exclusive to the Fry's site where coordinated area plans
might be a useful tool moving forward. I'd like to see that referenced in
                                                                       Page 57 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
