                          TRANSCRIPT
actually widening the road to add bike paths rather than trying to squeeze
everything into the existing space. I'll just throw that out. Thanks.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, the way I read direct Staff to reduce the removal of
parking spaces near Greer Park, that's not actually setting a specific number.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:           I also wanted to talk about that same
intersection. Something I was referring to vaguely earlier in thinking about
intersections and visibility from landscaping. It's actually an intersection
also on Bayshore at the other end, beyond Greer Park and then some
housing, at Loma Verde and Bayshore, where there are bulb-outs and there
are cars that often park half onto the bulb-outs, which raises some safety
concerns there. I won't make it as a Motion, but I'll suggest thinking about
making sure we've got red striping on the bulb-outs themselves, so that
people don't park right up on them. The way the landscaping works at that
intersection, the visibility is a little bit tough. That's something to think
about. At this intersection that we were just talking about as well, really
thinking about what the visibility of adding street trees would do there.
Speeds of vehicles on Bayshore can be quite rapid. It's certainly commonly
exceeding the 35 posted speed. Because of that, I do think that having a
really clear anything to indicate that there's a need to slow down around this
intersection, especially given that it's a very popular park. We have kids on
bikes leaving the apartment complex, people are going to the park, jogging,
biking, playing, lots of soccer fields, soccer balls fly out from soccer fields.
I'd suggest maybe even looking at what's going on, on Bayshore itself. As
far as the amendment that was just made, I'd actually offer a friendly
amendment so that it would read "direct Staff to explore reducing the
removal of parking spaces." It gives you a little bit more flexibility.

Mr. Mello: Could I just highlight a couple of elements in the concept plan at
the West Bayshore-Amarillo intersection? We're recommending a chicane
along West Bayshore that would actually force vehicles to slow ...

Council Member Wolbach: I missed that.

Mr. Mello: ... as they approach the intersection, and the installation of a
median on Amarillo at West Bayshore. Turning vehicles would not be able to
make the turn at high speeds; they would have to go around a median.
That would also serve as a gateway to the bike boulevard.

Mayor Burt: Who needs to approve?
                                                                         Page 61 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
