                         TRANSCRIPT
improvements in job/housing ratio. This particular set of assumptions winds
up with an 80 percent reduction, about 20 percent left over of remaining
emissions.     Those could be offset if we chose to do that.         Again, a
controversial subject but certainly something that's on the table. The model
that we've built behind this enables us to dial assumptions up and down.
We're happy to go through that with any of you that are interested. If you
think, for example, there would be less impact from Electric Vehicles (EV),
we could dial that down. If you think there'll be more growth in housing, we
could dial that up and find, both in terms of the model and in terms of your
sense of what's politically and economically realistic, a mix of strategies, a
portfolio if you will, that can get us to the goals that we want to get to.
Specifically, we focused yesterday at the Summit on three primary areas:
transportation, electrification and water. Transportation and electrification
because they are the lion's share of our greenhouse gas emissions, about 85
percent between the two of them. Water because it's just front of mind for
all of us with what we call the current drought and what we wonder might be
a longer-term shift in the hydrological regimes in California. You can see
some of the strategies on the screen here related to each of those. We've
got about 10 or 12 other areas that we've looked at in the plan ranging from
buildings to municipal operations, adaptation and resilience, the future of
Palo Alto Utilities and a number of others. Our focus yesterday was on these
three with the expectation that we'd come back and dive into some of those
other topics in future conversations. You might identify in your reading of
the Staff Report that there are really kind of three core moves in most of the
things that we've talked about reducing certain things, like reducing Vehicles
Miles Traveled (VMT), reducing excess energy use, shifting what we do,
shifting from natural gas to electricity, shifting from internal combustion
vehicles to electric-powered vehicles, and transforming with some more of
the kind of systems approach that Professor Heck talked about. Mobility as
a service would be an example there of a systems transformation that would
generate a large shift. There's a lot of pieces here. We can talk about all of
them in some detail. I think there's some basic strategies to keep in mind
as we think about how do we plan and make big decisions in the face of
uncertain times and emerging technologies. I would suggest that these
would be worthy of our thinking about setting strong, clear directional goals.
Where do we want to go? That's one of the questions to you, Vice Mayor
Scharff, for tonight.      Articulate clear principles and criteria.   Shared
understanding of how we will evaluate and judge and select the options
going forward so that those are explicit and understood in the community.
Flexible platforms, as I mentioned before, that take us in the right direction
and give us leeway to adjust course as we go. Great example there, you
were talking about the County Transit Tax opportunity. I think you heard
Professor Heck talk about the value of not investing in expensive, fixed
infrastructure transportation systems that are hard to adapt as patterns
                                                                       Page 54 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
