                          TRANSCRIPT
Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt, Council Members. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm joined by Eloiza Murrillo-Garcia, our Senior Planner on housing
affairs, also Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, Eric Phillips from the
firm Goldfarb and Lipman, and Sarah Graham from the firm Strategic
Economics. All of us have been working on this for quite some time. I
wanted to thank Finance Committee Members of the Council who heard this
back in June or July, Planning Commission Members who heard this over the
last several months, and also the public and advocates who have
participated along the way. We know this is a super complicated policy
issue, and we've provided you with some additional materials at places this
evening. I just wanted to make sure that you had those. First, there was a
Packet that included the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC)
Minutes, the Planning Commission Minutes, from November 30th.
Unfortunately that meeting was so near in the past that we didn't have the
Minutes when the full Packet went out, but we provide them to you.
Because of their length, I hope you will forgive us. Luckily, we have at least
one of the Planning Commissioners here this evening, who I hope you will
invite to speak after Staff's presentation. He will be able to answer any
questions you have about their deliberations on November 30th. Also in that
Packet that you got today, we have a slightly revised version of Attachment
H, just with some clarifying changes, nothing changed dramatically there.
We provided a spreadsheet that showed a couple of sample projects and
how the new fees would apply to those projects. With that, I'm going to
hand it off to Eloiza to start the presentation. We will get going.

Eloiza Murillo-Garcia, Senior Planner: Good evening, Mayor and Council. As
Hillary mentioned, I'm Eloiza Murillo-Garcia. I'm the City's Senior Housing
Planner. Our recommendations for tonight are to conduct a public hearing;
consider recommendations of the Finance Committee and Planning and
Transportation Commission; to adopt an ordinance updating the City's below
market rate or BMR housing program; and to also adopt an ordinance
establishing housing impact fees and housing in-lieu fees for residential,
nonresidential and mixed-use development; and finally find these actions
exempt from CEQA. Just to give you a little bit of background on this Item.
The City currently has a 15 percent inclusionary requirement for residential
for-sale development projects with five or more units. In-lieu fees are
applied to fractional units and, when building affordable units, is deemed
infeasible. The City has not been able to impose similar requirements on
rental housing since a 2009 court decision known as the Palmer decision.
On the commercial side, the City currently charges commercial impact fees
for affordable housing based on a 2002 nexus study. One of the primary
reasons the City is undertaking this project is because our recently adopted
Housing Element, which was adopted in November of 2014, called for
                                                                           Page 35 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
