                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: We keep changing El Camino because we haven't
followed this.

Mayor Burt: I'm not talking about that. There may be some segments of El
Camino where there's some applicability, like in some of the Cal. Ave. area
where there's some continuity to some of the street. For the most part, El
Camino doesn't have a rhythmic pattern.

Council Member Holman: Are you comfortable with the Downtown—what
would we call it? The Downtown core and the California Avenue—call it the
Downtown business district and the California Avenue business district"?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Holman: It's limited to that.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED
INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND
SECONDER to remove Part iii of the Amendment and replace in the
Amendment, “urban areas” with “the Downtown business district and the
California Avenue business district.”

Mr. Keene: We are clear what the boundaries of those are?

Mayor Burt:   I hope you are.     We actually have definitions of those, I
believe.

Mr. Keene: If we have existing definitions and something to refer to,
that's—otherwise we need to think about ...

Council Member Holman: It might be wise for Staff to come back with a
map, because we have the Parking Assessment District, but that doesn't
quite cover enough.

Mr. Keene: If I just might add. Along those lines, this sounds like a very
important point that you're making. Just as the Mayor was saying, either
the flexibility of the language or the tightness of the geography are really
important factors. I'm just wondering if after midnight is the time to be
trying to define those things. Even if you did, then you ought to let us go
back and sleep on them and tell you what it was that you did. Just because
how it starts to be applied could have a lot of implications.

Council Member Holman: It is important, and I would be amenable to
applying it to the Downtown and California Avenue area. I think there would
be some wisdom if Staff would come back with what those boundaries would
be
                                                                    Page 102 of 114
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/12/16
