                         TRANSCRIPT
stations and tracks across the country. About $1 million of this was awarded
to the Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board for improvements to grade
crossings along the Caltrain Corridor including Alma Street and Charleston
Road in Palo Alto. Caltrain staff has been coordinating with our Staff to
design minor signing and striping improvements to these two grade
crossings as well as the Churchill Avenue and Meadow Drive railroad
crossings. The improvements at the Charleston Road crossing will be
consistent with the Council-adopted concept plan for the Charleston-
Arastradero Corridor project. This Friday, September 23rd, at 11:00 P.M.,
the railroad crossing at Churchill Avenue will be closed for track maintenance
work and will not reopen until Monday, September 26th, at 4:00 A.M., well
before school starts. That's all I have to report. Interestingly enough,
though, while we were here the Police Chief stopped by to tell me that we
had a car that was struck by a Caltrain at the Meadow crossing. Apparently
perhaps trying to get around and go across. I think there was maybe an
injury associated with that. I do want to tell you that that is unfolding this
evening. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman, did you have something?

Council Member Holman: Yes. Always illuminating, and thank you for all
the comments. I was wondering if City Staff might send out a Nextdoor
notification to people about the Lucy Evans Interpretive Center and
Boardwalk, just for an update. It's been a topic of great public interest.
We've heard from many, many people over the time that that's been closed.
If City Staff would that, that's be great.

Mr. Keene: Happy to do so.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications, and we have four cards.
If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to bring one forward now. Each
speaker has up to three minutes. These are not agendized items, so that
the Council does not have a prerogative to comment on the speakers. Our
first speaker is Richard Yan, to be followed by Neilson Buchanan. Welcome.

Richard Yan: Good evening, Council Members. I'm a representative of the
IMED Gunn Club. We tackle groundwater contamination. Over the past few
years, we've noticed that not enough is being done about the contaminant
TCE. We have written out our demands in the form of this petition, and we
                                                                       Page 49 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
