                          TRANSCRIPT
the TMA be an active voice for local and regional transportation issues. I
think Jamie's partnership with us and us already working together with the
SRP to come up with practical solutions are an important partnership and an
example of how we're already living this mission statement. The next slide
is really a few milestones over the last year. The steering committee was
made up of over 12 of us that met ten times throughout last year. A lot of
work was done during those 12 meetings. I think one of the highlights, if
not the crown jewel of that work, was the Downtown Mode Split Survey.
There's been a lot of call for data, and I think it was the first time that there
was actual real data about transportation and Palo Alto. Referencing back to
one of Josh's slides, we were proud to hear that we had a 55 percent SOV
usage which all made the TMA's job more difficult before it was even formed.
It was really exciting information to receive right out of the gate. We also
invited and did research with companies Scoop, Carma, Move, Lyft and other
organizations to talk about innovative options and some of the subsidy
options as well. The website was established and in the process of updating
right now. One of the things we did this morning was update our upcoming
meeting, Thursday afternoon, so the public knows what we're working on.
Despite the website not being completely up-to-date, the meeting time is
up-to-date now. We also put together a—this is really a mockup of a
brochure that we would like to use. I'll share with the Council Members
afterwards some outreach-type brochure so we can just hand them to folks
and they can read about the programs and how they work with their life in
Palo Alto. Just some highlights again about those dates. In December we
incorporated as a 501(c)(3). Our Board was formed in January. We had our
first meeting at the end of January on the 28th. We've had three meetings
and have gotten a lot of work done. They've been active meetings, and
we're really proud to be at the point we are right now. We have a contract
with the Silicon Valley Community Foundation as our fiscal sponsor, so that
got us up and running as a business right away. In February, proud to say
that we have over $55,000 pledged in contributions really just days after the
formation of the TMA. In March we're finalizing initial programs. We don't
have a budget yet, so one of the things on the agenda for Thursday is—I'm
going to share some information about the numbers with you, but that's
without Board approval. We'll be taking a look at those numbers and
turning them into an actual budget at an upcoming meeting. In April, our
trial program begins. We want to get the ball rolling. We want to show that
the TMA can get into action quickly and programs can have an impact
immediately so we can kind of gain your confidence for the future. I think,
as Josh mentioned, we're privileged to have funding. We want to continue
to have that funding so we can continue to offer those benefits to the
community. This overview slide talks about our programs that we have
planned for 2016. Like I said, the Board has done a lot of work. There's
really a goal to change commute behavior for 200-300 employees. That
                                                                          Page 36 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
