                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part B, “interim.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I wanted to offer the maker an amendment,
"adopt an ordinance ... for up to 1 year and to return for potential review if
the Eichler overlay discussion is not completed."

Council Member DuBois: I was going to clarify that as well. The intent was
only to have it until the Eichler overlay comes back. If that's less than a
year ...

Council Member Holman: Up to one year.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part B, “up to” after “(SSO)
for.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss:       I am going to support this.        I'm somewhat
concerned because it's a little like splitting the baby. A year goes very
quickly, and having this—I appreciate Council Member Holman's "for up to 1
year." If we are able to come back and satisfy all the other questions that
have arisen with this SSO tonight, I think that it could be less than a year.
In the meantime, I think for us to accomplish everything we have laid out
tonight it's really essential to essentially put—we're not using the word
moratorium, but essentially we're doing a moratorium. I know many of you
are unhappy about this. It's very clear. I think that this actually gives
something to both sides. I know that there are those in here who will be
delighted to have that happen, and I can certainly see the yellow signs that
say you won't be delighted. At the end of either a few months or a year, I
think we'll have this process far more in hand, and we'll be able to approach
with a very fair and end up not as difficult an outcome as we've had tonight.

Mayor Burt: I want to step in and ask Staff a question that may inform the
conversation. As I think about this, one of the big issues—there are a
number of components to what occurs from this one year ordinance.
Certainly in Eichler neighborhoods, one of the big things is second stories
and the impact on privacy and mass and scale. It's not all the issues, but
they are two of the keys ones. Those are issues that already exist within our
IR Guidelines. I think there has been a strong feeling that the Guidelines
                                                                       Page 77 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
