                          TRANSCRIPT
ways is what you and Mayor Burt both talked about which is you build the
housing Downtown, you have no parking, and it should show up as no
parking. That should be mitigated. How much housing could we have that's
mitigated? I didn't expect them to come back with more than Scenario Four
frankly, but I wasn't going to say it. If Mayor Burt feels that, then you might
want to accept that.

Council Member Wolbach: That was not my intention. I appreciate that, but
that was not the purpose of hoping to see an expanded study.

Council Member DuBois: Just to clarify, the whole idea...

Council Member Wolbach: We're not picking here; we're just talking about
study.

Council Member DuBois: The whole idea of this mix and match thing was
any number already covered in here we've got done. That's why we said
jobs below what was in here, because that was something new. That's why
you're proposing housing above what's in here, because it's something new.

Council Member Wolbach: I want to see what the impacts would be.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I completely misunderstood. I just was wanting to see
what the highest housing number we could have without impact. That's all.

Council Member Wolbach: I think this already identifies that, and that's
what the City Manager was suggesting. That's why I'm offering this in
addition to that. I think that's (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That's now—has ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I withdrew it.

Mayor Burt: He's withdrawn his (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: It doesn't matter; he didn't accept it anyway.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll offer it as a separate amendment. I'd offer ...

Mayor Burt: We heard it.

Council Member Wolbach:     which is (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: We'll just see if there's a second. No second.

Council Member Wolbach: No second.

                                                                         Page 75 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
