                          TRANSCRIPT
because Ken Dueker has just walked in. Ken, could you come up. I think
where we've been going back and forth tonight is that the emergency
preparedness folks who began when I wasn't sitting here and most of us
weren't sitting here, which is many years ago now. I think this needs to feel
like a more integrated program. You have been doing this for a long period
of time. Have you been listening to anything that we've been saying?
That's why I think you popped into the Council chambers. Am I right?

Ken Dueker, Emergency Services Director: That is correct.

Council Member Kniss: Do you see any conflict between what we now have
up on the board and where we're going to head with this tonight?

Mr. Dueker: As written with or without the amendment, I see no conflicts. I
think it could all be mitigated and streamlined and kind of find the symbiosis
that I think the Mayor was alluding to.

Council Member Kniss:      You've got a comfort level with this is what I'm
hearing.

Mr. Dueker: I do. I understand that members including Annette who wrote
you a letter have some concerns. That's based on, I think, more prior issues
than this case before us tonight. As long as the community continues to be
listened to, with all the various stakeholders, I believe this will be fine.

Council Member Kniss: I hope what we have done is address those concerns
that Annette and some others had tonight. I really appreciate your popping
in here. That makes a big difference.

Mr. Dueker: You bet. Happy to support. Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: I think we've made it very clear that this is a pilot,
that this will involve the Office of Sustainability. I'm reading this correctly,
Greg? Greg Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It will actually not involve the Office of Sustainability.

Mayor Burt: Just to clarify. I don't think that the elimination means that
there's no involvement. It means that it will not be directing it to integrate
this program into the S/CAP strategy at this time.

Mr. Keene: Right. That's the point.

Council Member Kniss: Good.

Mr. Keene: Could I just make a clarification on that though?
                                                                          Page 57 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
