                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Reichental: They do have utility. In fact, we use the utility module
today with SAP. I do have colleagues from Utilities here tonight. I don't
know if they're willing to talk to what the current SAP solution is like or
whether they'd talk ...

Council Member DuBois: Both the consultant recommendation and Staff
recommendation is that we move to something else on utility billing.

Mr. Reichental: We would expect SAP to respond to the market solicitation
we would do. Once it looks like we're going out to marketplace to look for a
new Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), our expectation is that SAP would
want to be a participant in that process. We would expect them to respond.

Council Member DuBois: I didn't really see much discussion about their
current offering. Have they fixed a lot of the issues? If we were on the
current version, does it address a lot of the issues we're seeing?

Mr. Reichental: What I would say regarding specifically that question, the
technology they use today is really entirely different than the technology we
use. They have a new stack called SAP Hana, which is completely new
architecture and technology. We had Sudhir, our Enterprise Manager,
attend the SAP global conference recently for the purposes of evaluating.
He has worked at SAP and with SAP for many, many years. He remarked on
the distinction between where we're at today and where SAP are today.
Very distinctive and modernization of their technology relative to where it
was. Now, whether it fixes some of our shortcomings today, I think we'll
look at that deeply. SAP have a stronger offering specifically for government
than they did in the past. In fact, they have a government cloud offering.
We would be very interested to take a deep look at that as well as the other
providers.

Council Member DuBois: Kind of tied to that new product, do they have
more modern pricing? This idea of large upgrades and maintenance seems a
very legacy pricing model. Do they have more of a cloud ASP pricing model?

Mr. Reichental: They do. In fact that was one of the things I asked Sudhir
to take a look at as well. They have several different pricing models. They
continue to have the build-it-on-site version. Now, what's very popular is
the subscription model.

Council Member DuBois: The price in here for the upgrade was to stay in
kind of the host it yourself. Could it be actually cheaper if they bid and we
use their cloud service?


                                                                         Page 6 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/29/16
