                          TRANSCRIPT
sidewalk, so it's not the most beneficial or functional sidewalk/bicycle
condition. One of the things that we were tasked with was to separate those
or to look at a way to separate those. We came up with a pedestrian-bypass
ramp. The ramp goes up about five feet, and it needs to rise to meet the
downgrade from the ramp coming in the other direction.

Council Member DuBois:         That was in place of a stairway for ADA
compliance?

Mr. Schnabel: We were also tasked with looking at a stairway to improve
the ingress from anybody walking from northbound to southbound. We
thought that the ramp actually was a better solution than a staircase,
because it provides equal access to the disabled as well.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for clarifying that. It was talking about
painting versus weathering. Can you tell us what the lifetime cost would be
for those span options?

Mr. Schnabel: Typically, when you're looking at prefabricated structures,
the manufacturers order one type of steel. He orders self-weathering steel
regardless of whether you're painting it or not painting it. He's going to use
that because it's cheaper for him to do that. It typically costs him about 20-
30 percent extra to add the paint depending on the type of paint system you
want. There are two-coat and three-coat paint systems, which are much
more expensive. The two to three-coat paint systems last a lot longer.
Typically the life of the steel is anywhere from 75 to 100 years, and they
typically last that long. Regardless of the paint system, it also needs to be
maintained. When there are issues of areas where the paint has flaked off
or is exposed, rusting will occur. The benefit of a self-weathering steel
undercoating is that it has a sacrificial section that will allow it to develop.
The only problem is a visual thing. If you see rusting through paint, it tends
to create bigger impacts to people seeing that than it is to the actual. Self-
weathering steel typically lasts anywhere between 50-75 years depending on
where they're located. We've done a lot of bridges near bayland areas, and
this has sufficient circulation to allow for the weathering steel to last longer.

Council Member DuBois: It sounds like it's not a really significant cost
difference in terms of maintenance.

Mr. Schnabel:      The maintenance is different.       Maintenance for self-
weathering steel is typically to deal with discoloration or any discoloration
that is occurring. It's fairly limited. The maintenance with paint, if you want
to maintain the paint, can be quite extensive because you have to grind off
the areas and repaint it.

                                                                          Page 56 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
