                           TRANSCRIPT
as we do these Long Range Forecasts, it ought to include a projection for the
growth in the unfunded actuarial liability in addition to just our regular
General Funds and expenses. I think that's one of the things the Council
should consider. The second chart on this page is really just a breakdown
on the Unfunded Actuarial Liability (UAL) itself. One of the things you notice
is that the UAL actually dipped in the last year which is good. Unfortunately,
if you look at the second chart, it's pretty clear that that's kind of an
accounting blip on the way CalPERS accounted for the recovery and our
asset values. Next year, it's going to continue on its growth track. The
other chart is the bottom chart. One of the things I did was I looked at the
Long Range Forecast this year and then the previous and then the year
before for the same period of time. The bottom two lines are the 2014
Forecast, the green one's the 2015 Forecast, and the blue one's the ones we
have tonight. One thing you see here is they're all bigger numbers, which
means the City has been conservative on its revenue growth projections,
which is very good. Again as you see, expenses have kept track over time
with those. It's good that revenues are growing. Expenses have grown too.
You hate to be in the situation where expenses grow and revenues don't
grow. I think we want to watch that very carefully. One of the things you
find is that the growth in expenses, the size of that surplus that we're talking
about here in the out years is pretty sensitive to the timing of the expenses
and the revenues. I think we want to be really careful with that. We're
being asked tonight for two comments on this. I have two. Mine are that
fundamentally this is good stuff. Thank you very much. I have two
comments.       First going forward, I think we should consider adding a
projection of the unfunded liability to the whole thing as a third line along
with revenue and expenses. It's a big and significant part of the City
finances. It ought to be a mainstream consideration. I hope that when the
Long Range Financial Forecast (LRFF) comes back next year, we can
consider have that part of it. We're going to see the 2017 Operating Budget
in a month or two, or we're going to start seeing it. I think we should try
really hard and I really hope that the 2017 Operating Budget can stick to the
2017 numbers in the Long Range Forecast here. Sometimes we kind of look
at the LRFF as a little bit of an analytical exercise, but I think it's got a lot of
value as a planning tool I think we should take it very seriously, especially
when we've got these big liabilities. Maybe we're heading into less certain
times here. There's a number of those assumptions, especially on the
expense side. One for example is the Long Range Financial Forecast
assumes no headcount growth over the next 10 years over the 2016 Budget.
That's budgeted heads, not actual heads. We should try really hard in the
2017 Budget to follow that. If we do think we're going to need more people,
then it ought to be in the Long Range Forecast, if we're going to really use
the Long Range Forecast as a tool. Those two things. Other than that,

                                                                            Page 88 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 4/4/16
