                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: How do we track that? I think I actually heard
Council Member Kniss—correct me if I'm wrong. I thought that there was
indication that there was 500 Airbnb listings. I think you mentioned 100.

Mr. Perez: I haven't looked recently; it could be a much higher number than
the last time we looked. It would be indicative of the amounts that we're
seeing, as I mentioned earlier. What happens is when you go in as a user of
the system, where you're looking for a place to stay, once you get through
the acceptance of the location, you get into the payment process. Airbnb
collects it for us for each transaction. What they do is they remit one check
monthly.

Council Member Holman: Do we have any spot checks on auditing that?

Mr. Perez: We've been in discussions with San Jose and Santa Clara who
have similar agreements as ours. We're trying to see if it makes sense and
how you go about doing that. We are looking at how we would do that,
what cooperation we would get, and have that review. It's something that
we're exploring, how we would accomplish it.       We don't get detailed
information.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple of other questions. I also didn't see
anywhere interest. What kind of interest do we earn? For instance, we have
reserves. We don't just let them sit there.

Mr. Perez: We do have an interest income line. While the Staff looks for the
number, I can tell you that it's about 1.7 right now, a little below. About 1.6
is our rate of return currently.

Mr. Saccio: (inaudible)

Mr. Perez: While you look for how much, I was trying to give Council
Member Holman an indication of what our rate of return is. As you may
recall, we're prohibited from investing in equities. We're predominantly in
bonds.

Mr. Saccio: Lalo's correct about the rate of return, 1.9, which really isn't so
bad given what you get on your bank account and what we're restricted to in
terms of investments. Right now the interest income is sadly around
$820,000 for the General Fund. It's come down because interest rates are
so low.

Council Member Holman: This may be inconsequential in the whole scheme
of things. I'm just wondering going forward if we ought to take part of our
TOT—part of that is sent to infrastructure and part of it is General Fund.
                                                                        Page 90 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
