                          TRANSCRIPT
trained officer. Not everyone can operate radar and lidar. Currently 25 out
of 75 officers are certified to operate lidar and radar. Pacing can also be
used; this is where a police officer follows a vehicle in close proximity in
order to calculate the travel speed by pacing alongside or behind the vehicle.
Visual estimation is where an officer uses his judgment to estimate the
travel speed of a vehicle. These types of citations are not often held up in
court. Delving into the details of this particular study and this project. In
2012, per California Assembly Bill (AB) 32, the City of Palo Alto conducted a
study of roadways surrounding local schools. This particular study was just
limited to public schools; however, the PTC suggested that we also look at
private schools if we elect to move forward with this. AB 32 allows the City
to extend the 25 mile an hour speed limit from 500 feet to 1,000 feet in the
vicinity of schools. It also allows the City to reduce the speed limit to 15 or
20 miles per hour within 500 feet of the school grounds under certain
conditions, which are listed here. The next series of three maps shows the
roadway segments that we could potentially reduce the speed limit on based
on AB 32. The yellow segments of roadway could be reduced to 15 miles
per hour, and the orange segments would be the extended 25 mile per hour
school zone. One of the main goals of this study and project was to update
the engineering and traffic speed surveys, which are required under
California State law in order for the City to enforce the speed limit using
radar. If we were interested in pursuing radar enforcement, the corridors
that you see highlighted in green here would need to have new engineering
and speed surveys adopted. These are the roadway segments that we found
to be noncompliant currently and ineligible for radar speed enforcement.
I'm sorry. Go back here. I'm sorry. Let me correct myself. The segments
here shown in red as well as green are the segments that were part of this
study. There's 70 segments of roadway that were studied. The data that
we collected on those 70 segments of roadway included the average daily
traffic, the average speed by radar. This is conducted in accordance with
DMV regulations, so there's a certified engineer that uses a radar device.
That device has to be used during free-flow periods. You cannot conduct
these during congested peak hours. We also looked at five year collision
data. We were able to develop a collision rate for each one of these
segments, which is a very interesting data point. Based on that data, we
were able to identify the top five high-crash segments along arterial and
residential arterial streets. I have an inkling here that a lot of these are
probably related to the amount of pedestrian activity, especially the top two.
We would, of course, need to delve more deeply into this data. This is an
interesting point because we now have a collision rate calculated for each of
these 70 roadway segments, which could allow us to focus both our
engineering and our enforcement efforts on these particular segments. The
collision rate is the number of collisions per—I believe it's 1 million vehicle
miles traveled. There's a denominator that's calculated independently of the
                                                                         Page 28 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
