                          TRANSCRIPT
employees on the Stanford campus. There are some Stanford employee
functions that used to be on the campus and now are in Palo Alto, but not all
11,300 that are indicated in the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report. In
regard to what was called value capture, what that essentially means is that
providing something for employers where generally they would expect to be
using the benefits of that expenditure to again increase the employment and
increase further over-development in Palo Alto. The way they would sell it
to the public is by saying the City gets a little piece of that; therefore, you're
really voting for the mitigations. Really what you'd be voting for is for
subsidizing the employers. I would look for a general tax based on number
of employees and preferably on this November's election. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. It looks like we have a couple more speakers. If
anyone else wishes to speak, they would need to fill out a card at this time.
Our next speaker is Jessica Lyman, to be followed by Adina Levin.

Jessica Lynam: Mayor and members of the Council, Jessica Lynam with the
California Restaurant Association on behalf of the Palo Alto members. This
evening I'm here to kind of outline the straw that may break the camel's
back in the restaurant community here in Palo Alto and the fact that not only
do they support the demand for bringing individuals in through the
transportation networks, but this Council has passed several policies that
have hurt the restaurant community. In this past year, it's shown that, like
I said, if the Council does go forward with a business tax, based on my
information on doing averages of business tax in other cities in the
surrounding area, what Palo Alto already has including the Downtown
Business Improvement District, it's much higher. The business tax that
businesses are paying here is much higher than other cities in the
surrounding area, not including all the other fees that restaurants pay for
the health inspections to the County, the fire inspections and the State and
Federal taxes. I'd just like to keep in mind that we would like to discuss
policies going forward that could help grow the restaurant community within
this City and to allow restaurants to continue to have new patrons come in.
We need to find the balance, and we'd like to work together with the Council
going forward. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I just have a follow-up question. Can you clarify what business
tax you're referring to existing in Palo Alto?

Ms. Lynam: Currently, my research says that there's a $51 registration fee,
so the license and registration fee is $51 for most businesses. I pulled off
the City's website the Business Improvement District. That does say that
restaurants pay $340 if they have over 11 employees which all my members


                                                                           Page 76 of 99
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 3/14/16
