                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I'd like to offer an amendment which is actually
what was introduced on Slide 13, use of potable water for
construction/demolition activity should not be—it's not very well worded
here; I agree with you. The use of potable water for construction and
demolition activities shall not be allowed if other water source is available.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would be happy to do that except if you look at Slide
13, that's already in the Municipal Code.

Council Member Holman: Slide 13?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Ms. Dailey: That's why I was so confused. You're right that is already in the
Muni Code.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Those are the permanent water restrictions that we
already have in there.

Ms. Dailey: These are the new ones. I didn't make a mistake.

Council Member Holman: Then how come we don't do it? If it's already in
the Muni Code, then how come we don't do it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: You're just confused.

Council Member Holman: Like I said, if it's already in the Muni Code, then
why don't we do it. You go by a demolition site right now, and they're using
water out of a hose.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's already in the Muni Code; I'm not going to change
it.

Council Member Holman: If that's in the Muni Code, are these other things
too? What's the difference?

Ms. Dailey: The four items on Slide 13 are already in the Municipal Code
other than the fact that the third one is worded strangely and incorrectly.
The four on Slide 14 are the four that we're proposing to add to the Muni
Code. I would just say that non-potable water being available is—there's a
little bit of a gray area there. Staff has worked really hard to get non-
potable water to construction sites as often as possible, but sometimes it's
not reasonable. Sometimes there's no place for the water truck to pull up
and park. Sometimes the noise caused by the trucks aggravates the
residents nearby the site more than using non-potable water, so there is
some (crosstalk).
                                                                       Page 46 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
