                          TRANSCRIPT
Area Bike Share System, structured to allow participation of other Peninsula
cities and private entities.   We further encourage the Ford/Motivate
partnership to make the program available to other Peninsula cities. To
foster the idea of a regional bike share, MVgo will be hosting an
informational forum on the Intuit Mountain View campus on Monday,
October 17th. Please visit www.mvgo.org for details of the schedule. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jamie Jarvis, to be followed by
Adina Levin.

Jamie Jarvis: Good evening, Council Members and Mayor. My name's Jamie
Jarvis. I'm the Transportation Demand Manager for Stanford Research Park.
The proposed expansion of bike share that you saw tonight in Palo Alto will
provide the scale and locations necessary to form an effective bike share
network in Palo Alto. We commend City of Palo Alto Staff for developing a
proposal that uses state of the art technology to maximize the flexibility and
cost-effectiveness of bike share in Palo Alto while maintaining compatibility
with the regional bike share system. This is truly a best case scenario, and
we look forward to bringing bike share to publicly accessible locations within
Stanford Research Park. The Stanford Research Park Bicycle Champions, a
group of active and engaged bicycle commuters, are excited about the
potential of bike share to provide convenient connections to public transit
and facilitate midday trips to dining and shopping destinations throughout
Palo Alto. Stanford Research Park companies, many of whom offer generous
and effective transit subsidies to their employees, are enthused about the
potential of bike share to provide a convenient, low-cost and flexible last-
mile connection between Caltrain and their work sites. In addition, a robust
bike share system along the Peninsula reduces the need for train riders to
transport bicycles on board which will improve the efficiency of Caltrain
through increased passenger capacity and decreased loading times. We
strongly believe the synergy between bike share, Caltrain and the efforts of
the Stanford Research Park Transportation Management Association will
attract new transit riders and convert occasional riders to frequent users,
thus achieving important trip reduction benefits. Stanford Research Park
looks forward to working with the City of Palo Alto to realize the full potential
of bike share in our community. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Adina Levin to be followed by our final speaker,
Andrew Boone.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members. Adina Levin with Friends of
Caltrain supporting Caltrain and sustainable transportation in Palo Alto and
the Peninsula corridor. It was great to be out at the bike expo this weekend,

                                                                         Page 94 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
