                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I think we have a couple of choices. We could do that. On the
other hand, we could go ahead and develop the proposal bids, put them out,
but get them priced by the type of item that they are and be flexible enough
to then make the decision, come back to the Council and start dropping
things out also, if we want to. You may say actually we would like to have
two of those but not eight of them or whatever. It seems like it might be
easier once we know the cost and all of those things than trying to do that in
advance.

Council Member Holman: I'm good with doing that. It's what I was asking
for, but you said it better. Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: Pat, let me add just a couple of words. I'm very
aware that men tend toward blue instead of green. I think green would be
far more consistent. I think we're going to find that blue is very jarring by
the time we install blue all over town. It may be very readable, but blue is
particularly used for hospital signs, if you've noticed that. It's used for
hospital signs and airport signs consistently. Although, as I said, I know
men tend toward blue, I think green is far more attractive for a town that
absolutely prides itself on being green and having green trees as our
symbol. I'm going to be disappointed if we don't go with green.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Sorry to disappoint. I'll just jump to making this
an amendment, and we'll skip the friendly amendment attempt.          The
suggestion would be that we go with the blue color scheme.

Council Member Schmid: I'll second that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to direct Staff to solicit bids for construction for the
Downtown Parking Wayfinding design in the blue color scheme.

Council Member Kniss: What?

Council Member Wolbach: The blue color scheme.

Council Member Kniss: Why didn't you just vote against the Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: May as well just put it out right now. Sounded
like Council Member Schmid seconded it. To speak to it briefly. As I said
before, I think it's important and as Mayor Burt pointed out, I think it's
important to distinguish purposes with various color schemes. I think that


                                                                        Page 72 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
