             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                            Regular Meeting
                                                            March 21, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:10 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois arrived at 6:40 P.M., Filseth, Holman,
           Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach arrived at 6:35 P.M.

Absent:

Study Session

1.   Presentation From Stanford University Representatives Regarding a
     Project Filed With the County of Santa Clara to Reallocate and add
     New Housing Units.

Mayor Burt: Our first item tonight is a Study Session which is a presentation
from Stanford University representatives regarding a project filed with the
County of Santa Clara to reallocate and add new housing units. Welcome.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Department Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor Burt, members of the City Council. I would like to
introduce Shirley Everett, who will come up and make a presentation before
the City Council. I wanted to let you know that Fire Chief Nickel is here to
answer any questions that you may have about fire services. Following the
Study Session discussion and some of your other items on the Agenda,
including the Consent Calendar, there will be an opportunity to have an
Action Item discussion on this particular topic. With that, I'd like to ask
Shirley to come up and make her presentation.

Shirley Everett, Stanford University, Senior Associate Vice Provost: Thank
you. Good evening. I am really pleased to have this opportunity to share
with you the importance of building 2,000 net new beds on the Stanford
campus in Escondido Village. I have a vested interest in this project,
because I oversee housing and dining on the Stanford University campus.
This housing project is one of the most critically important initiatives
undertaken on behalf of the University community in my 25 years as a
leader on the campus. What we want to do at Stanford is to provide on-
campus housing to a greater proportion of our graduate students. It clearly
is essential and a really high priority for the University. We met with


                                                                    Page 1 of 114
