                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Stuart Bernstein to be followed by Mike Thompson.

Stuart Bernstein: Good evening. I'm Stuart Bernstein. I'm a member of
Gil's Sustainability Advisory Council. He's done very fine work. I've run our
firm's clean technology and renewables group for a number of years. Two
comments I'd like to make. The first is that the 80 percent reduction by
2030, I don't think should be viewed as an ambitious target at all. I think
it's actually quite achievable, and we should consider 100 percent reduction
by 2030. Why do I say that? Most new technologies don't follow linear
curves. People have been drawing data points and extrapolating from those
data points, and that's what they believe the future will look like in 2020 and
2030. Mostly technologies follow a "J" curve. We've witnessed with the
adoption of utility-scale solar, distributed solar, utility-scale wind, adoption
rates which far exceed what anyone predicted.                 For example, the
Department of Energy (DOE) thought that there would be just one gigawatt
(GW) of solar in 2012. That number was exceeded by more than a factor of
ten. Every day today, more electric vehicles are sold than what the DOE
thought would be sold in the year 2035. Whatever we believe today, we will
far exceed that in the future, and we should embed that into our thinking as
we adopt the goals that are out to 2030. The second comment I'd like to
make is that there's so many cost reductions in these technologies that if we
perceive this to be an incremental burden to the City, we would be
mistaken. Cost curves are being driven down. These technologies will be
not only competitive with fossil fuels, but far more economically attractive
than fossil fuels without subsidy in the very near future. Furthermore, all of
these because they're economically feasible are financeable. While even in
the short term that the first costs are higher, the total costs will over the
long term be meaningfully lower. Anything that's economically attractive
and has a total cost that's lower than today's alternatives is financeable. For
these reasons, I think we should consider adopting even more ambitious
targets than 80 percent reduction by 2030. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.         Mike Thompson to be followed by our final
speaker, David Moss.

Michael Thompson: I also was at the Summit yesterday. Pretty inspirational
and action oriented; that's very encouraging. I actually heard somebody
who attended yesterday saying it was lip service to EVs in particular was a
quote. I think it was a lot more than lip service, so I have to comment on all
that. I think that Palo Alto's leading California, the U.S., the world and
should certainly target exceeding the norm.         I offer my assistance in
whatever way that can be in terms of mobility of service, energy and electric
vehicle deployment incentives and charging. I am inbound traffic to Palo
Alto. I have worked in Palo Alto before. I certainly come to visit and shop
                                                                         Page 65 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
