                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gallardo: Just to the hypothetical and not well founded. We've looked
at the information that's been generated. We're not questioning the fact
whether TCE was detected or not. Right now, in terms of establishing a
relationship between the site and what has been detected in College Terrace
neighborhood is what we don't know. For instance, as Pete mentioned, TCE
is actually found in a number of consumer products. We don't have any
information about where the samples were taken relative to what potentially
could be in a home. Typically, when you do an indoor air sampling program,
one of the things you do is you actually do take an inventory of the products
that you have in your home.

Mayor Burt: Just a second. First, my questions were originally directed to
DTSC. I'm going to want to return to them in a moment. That seems to be
ignoring the crawlspace issue. That's what I had already referred to. Either
way, I would be comfortable with an assertion that there has not been able
to be established a correlation. I'm very uncomfortable with an assertion
that it's a big leap to think there might be. I'll just make that as a personal
statement. I'd like to return to the DTSC people. As the objective third
party who is acting in the interests of the people, not an applicant and not
any particular appellant, but as scientists looking at this as objectively as
possible, are you able to think that there could very well be a correlation
between the original sump site and what has been found across the street or
do you think that that is a remote possibility?

Mr. Piros: Actually I think the way you just stated it actually characterized it
pretty well. Given the proximity to this site, you can't discount the site as a
potential source of that.     I think the thing you just stated, that the
correlation hasn't been established, I agree with how you just actually stated
it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: If I could just follow up that discussion with the
DTSC. In our material, we received two notes that the DTSC sent to the
College Terrace group and the Public Environment Oversight Group on
March 18th. In the one to the Public Environment Oversight Group, there is
the section on Page 7 that says data collected at the site adequately
characterize the extent of migration of soil vapor. Thus, no additional
sampling is necessary.      Down below, it says the investigation data
consistently indicate the absence of TCE above screening levels outside of
the operational area of 1601 South California. That is defined as the
residential area as more than 200 feet east of California and does not extend
to California Avenue. On Page 2 of the response to the College Terrace
Association, there's a sentence that says data collected at the California

                                                                          Page 43 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
