                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Just real briefly. I think this is really interesting. I'm
glad that we did it. I think given sort of the constrained nature of the exercise,
I think its value is primarily thematic as opposed to specific. I think Staff ought
to take the great lead in sort of figuring out how we incorporate this into
prioritization of the work plan.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you, Jim and Staff, for doing that. I think it
was a really worthwhile exercise. I look forward to building on it. Not only
what were the top votes, but I think it's interesting if you look back there at the
spread of votes. I think part of that is it actually would be useful to have more
discussion. I don't think it's just a grouping issue. I think, again, us having a
shared understanding of these projects. If we spent more time discussing it
upfront at the top of the funnel, not that we're all going to be 100 percent
aligned, but I think we could be more aligned which would actually save an
enormous amount of Staff time. Spending that time upfront is really worth it.
I totally agree with flexibility in the idea of maybe having a quarterly Retreat to
adjust throughout the year. I think it would be very useful to us at Council
meetings if you can highlight how staffing relates to projects. It also highlights
the importance of hiring. I think we're generally aware; we may not always be
aware of exactly where we're understaffed and how that's impacting a project.
Your comment about managing scope is another great one that I think we
really need to take to heart. I think about the Sustainability Summit. It was
great. There were a lot of ideas. It struck me as I was looking at the projects,
some of them related to sustainability. If we narrowed the scope and got some
of those things done right now, I feel like that funnel is so wide it's almost
holding us back a bit. Again, sustainability is just an example, but I think you
guys get the point that some of our projects are just scoped so broadly I think
it just consumes a lot of time and slows us down.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I really appreciate the fact that we're starting to
talk about a realistic Staff work plan. I think that's really helpful. I guess I'm a
little unclear on what we just did with the dots. I thought all of those things up
there ...

Mayor Burt: (crosstalk) the rest of us. We're all clear.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I know you were. Everything up there, I thought we
actually agreed on as a Council that we wanted to do. If that's the case, I
thought that what this was really doing was showing Staff what we thought was
the most important of those things to make sure we get done. If Staff has to
prioritize, that's one we'd prioritize. That's very different than needing more
                                                                           Page 62 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
