                          TRANSCRIPT
The sin is in not having a goal. I think that's what we're talking about
tonight. Have a goal; it's aspirational. We may falter some along the way.
Heaven knows I hope we have more rain in the future. If not, I think we
really have to look much more substantially to purple pipes and to recycling
water and to even looking at that famous toilet to tap thing that we will have
to look at in the future. We have to look at how we can reuse our water.
We need to look at how we can reuse almost everything. It is tempting,
Eric, to give up even my Prius and go to electric. I think one of the areas
that we have to look at is where are we going to have charging stations
sufficient enough that people will feel comfortable buying that electric car
and being able to depend on getting it charged wherever you are. With that,
I think we have really done a benchmark piece of work tonight. Thank you
again, Gil, for putting this out. As I said, it certainly is a Wikipedia of how
we can go forward with climate plans and with an S/CAP. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Two things. For "B," was the intention of that
"direct Staff to return within two months with integration" to return within
two months with a plan for integration?

Mayor Burt: Yes, you're right. It should have been a plan.

Mr. Keene: A process for integration.

Mayor Burt: Or a process, excuse me. Thank you.

Council Member Holman: Council Member DuBois, the four points that you
made. Were you intending those as amendments to the Motion?

Council Member DuBois: As part of the discussion of "D," when it comes
back, we would potentially ...

Mr. Keene: I didn't think that those needed to be explicit amendments to
the Motion. They were additional kind of texture and context for us. We'll
be able to, again when we come back, be able to respond to those.

Mr. Friend: We've captured them, and we can incorporate them into the net
round.

Council Member DuBois: My understanding of "D" is that will be the
opportunity for Council to propose amendments at that time.

Council Member Holman: As I mentioned earlier, it's like how to get on your
advisory group the integration. Again, I won't add that as an amendment.

                                                                         Page 57 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
