                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Thank you. I have a question, and I think I need
Hillary for this. In the DEIR where the transportation and traffic is analyzed,
question and comment. I can't remember what I got it from, but it was a
study of Level of Service (LOS) done in 2001 by the City. What I notice in
looking at this is that some of the intersections—I've heard nobody say that
traffic's gotten better anywhere. I notice in a number of the intersections
that are analyzed in the DEIR that the performance levels are actually better
than they were in 2001. That's a concern to me. The other is that DEIR
studies only 14 intersections. In 2001, we studied 21. One of our major
intersections that's of great concern to everybody is Page Mill and 280, but
it's not one of the intersections that's studied. I'll give you an example. El
Camino and Page Mill, it's indicated here that these are A.M. and P.M. peak
hours, but there's a "D" and an "E." In 2001, it was a "E+." I remember
when we were reviewing a project for the, I believe, VTA lot—it may have
either that or the project on Page Mill that was approved, but I think it was
the VTA lot. The analysis at that time said that intersection was performing
at an "F." I'm concerned about the accuracy of the LOS analysis both in
terms of accuracy and in terms of the number of intersections it studies, in
particular the omission of Page Mill and 280. Can you address any of that?
In doing this analysis, did anybody go back to the EIR for the existing Comp
Plan to look at what intersections were analyzed and what the performance
was then?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Holman, for those questions. I
don't know if someone went back and looked at the old EIR. We collected
new intersection data and developed a new travel forecast model that was
validated using that existing data. There's really a new methodology here.
It's not surprising that some of the intersections are different. Actually,
those of us who were at the Silicon Valley Index presentation learned that
the year 2000, 2001 were—in fact the speaker kept referring to 2000 as an
anomaly. It was higher in terms of jobs than we are today. It was really a
spike. There could be some characteristics around 2000, 2001 that you're
seeing in that data. That would be an explanation for any difference. I'd
have to have the engineers delve into it in more detail to get you a more
specific answer about the results there.        In terms of the number of
intersections studied, as the Council knows, we're in this really critical period
right now where the State is shifting away from level of service. We had
resources to spend on transportation analysis, and we chose to spend those
resources getting a variety of different metrics that we could display for the
Council and the public with regard to transportation impacts. I think in the
EIR you see more metrics, vehicle miles traveled, vehicle miles per capita,
focused on transportation and mode share and trips, internal, external, all
that stuff that wouldn't have been in a 2001 EIR. We had to choose
intersections to analyze along with that. We chose 13 intersections that we
                                                                          Page 57 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
