                          TRANSCRIPT
would like to move to Palo Alto. The concern is we could do a lot of damage
trying if we're not very careful about how we go about it. That's what we're
all talking about here. I think the real questions about housing are how
much should we build and who should it be targeted for. If you answer
those things, you sort of get cues of where to build it and what kind and so
forth. Given that we probably can't help everybody right away at least, who
should we help first? I'm going to weigh in on—I think the Vice Mayor said
this very eloquently. I really think you've got to look at the affordability
issue, but it's kind of an expanded definition of affordability. The classical
affordable housing was sort of low-income people. I think in this town it's
expanded to cover a lot of middle income people who are kind of stuck in the
middle. They make too much to qualify for BMR housing, but not enough to
actually live in town on a sustainable basis. A couple of people in the
audience brought up how do you define affordability. I think anybody who
can't afford to pay market rate in town basically falls into the affordability
bucket. That includes people like teachers, City Staff, other Palo Alto
employees, white collar folks, accounts payable people, Human Resources
(HR) staffers and so forth. These are people that are middle class but can't
afford to live in Palo Alto. The reason it's relevant is because there are
people who can afford to live here. There's actually supply in town for those
kinds of people; it's expensive. You're talking basically about people who
own their own home already, maybe for a long time and it's a huge asset,
maybe their seniors who own their home, or they earn enough to pay
market rate. If you work for a tech firm or you're an associate attorney or
something like that and you make $120,000, $150,000 a year, yes, you can
afford $2,000 or $3,000 a month for housing. I mean, you grimace while
you write the check, but you can afford it. The housing crisis was mentioned
before. I think it's probably more accurate to call it a housing affordability
crisis. If you can afford housing, if you can afford to pay market rate in Palo
Alto—that's not saying it's all roses for the market rate people, but there's
options out there. I think that needs to be the major focus here, on
affordability, and it's the expanded definition of affordability. The second
thing I want to talk about briefly is sort of this idea—Winter Dellenbach was
pretty eloquent about it—of you can't build your way out of affordability. I
think that's exactly right. I know there's been some discussion but, for
example, I've been watching Craig's List for a few months now about rentals
in Craig's List. In Palo Alto, typically they're somewhere between 250
rentals advertised on Craig's List at any given time. A quarter of them are
under $2,500 a month, but not much. This is from a couple of weeks ago.
Here we go. This is the cheapest you can find in Palo Alto: 415 square feet,
$2,100 a month; 360 square feet, $1,900 a month. I didn't see anything
less than that. I mean, that's a micro unit. When we talk about micro units,
I think there may be good reasons for building micro units, but there's not a
lot of evidence they're going to be dramatically less expensive than existing
                                                                        Page 88 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
