                          TRANSCRIPT
incentives and should we continue those. I'm also interested in pace
programs which weren't mentioned in the Report. My understanding is
there's this pace 2.0. Again, is that a funding mechanism we should
consider? Thanks.

Mr. Friend: Thank you very much. Thanks for the suggestions of some of
the evaluation criteria to use. We'll work with that and built on that. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: I'll just add a few quick comments. One is we haven't spoken
much about an initiative that, I think, is part of the consideration which is a
version of the school cities challenge which is a behavioral approach that
was mentioned yesterday. When we look at our whole efficiency, that's
going to be a big dimension. Others have spoken about that importance.
The one thing I would disagree with that was stated earlier by Staff is the
difficulty of retrofit on electrification. There's a level at which it's very
simple. We did it in our house already. We went to Home Depot, bought
three electric heaters. In the rooms that we predominantly use, we heat
one room in the home. That is far and away the simplest, easiest way to
achieve electrification. Our gas bill has dropped by 50 percent as a result,
and we don't suffer a bit. Some of these things are a lot easier than we
make them out to be sometimes. On the broader level, I think that looking
at building a renewable natural gas portfolio, which was something that was
proposed at the State level in just the last year or two, of over a decade
building it to 10 percent of the total portfolio. At this time, we have
pushback. We said the market's not there. Ten years ago, the market
wasn't there for solar that it is today. In fact, some of my Colleagues may
remember, it was five or six years ago when we were—about five years ago,
our Utilities Department had brought forward proposals to complete our 33
percent renewable electricity portfolio with landfill natural gas only including
some landfills that were basically taking materials they shouldn't. We
pushed back; Staff basically said, "Here's the curve of steep escalation of the
cost of renewables. If we don't bite this, it's going to get more and more
expensive." At that time, it was more than 12 cents a kilowatt hour for the
cheapest and really dirtiest renewable. I made the argument at the time
that if they were right—their data points projected it—then everybody in
Silicon Valley who bet billions of dollars including Mr. Bernstein on behalf of
his company was wrong, and our Utilities Department was right. Within a
year, we started seeing these drastic falls, and that regulation and creating
new demand drives scaling and reduced costs. I think that we will see a lot
of that. For that sort of reason, I think that a five year update is too
infrequent. I think that's something. It doesn't mean we have to rewrite
the plan every couple of years, but I think we're going to want to do
periodic, frequent updates. This is going to be a dynamic market, and there
                                                                         Page 89 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
