                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Heck: Thank you. I will continue to be part of this community and
delighted to continue this dialog and help in any way I can.

Mayor Burt: Thanks.

Mr. Heck: Appreciate the time.

Mayor Burt: Appreciate you coming.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, if I could just add. Stefan's been obviously not a—I
mean, the work he's doing at Stanford but just a great volunteer citizen.
He's supported us at the Staff level and through the Lane Center for the
American West, working with City Managers up and down the Peninsula and
has always been at the ready in any way to help us think about the future
and how to get there. I just want to personally thank you for always being
willing to volunteer. Thanks.

Mr. Heck: My pleasure. Thank you.

17.   Study Session Regarding Ongoing Preparation of a Sustainability/
      Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) to Update and Replace the City's 2007
      Climate Protection Plan.

Mayor Burt: We invited Stefan here really to help us kick off our next item,
which is a follow-on from the community summit that we had on our
Sustainability and Climate Action Plans, really our next generations of those
plans, that was held yesterday. We had in the neighborhood of 300 people
attending. We had to cut off sign-ups on the Thursday because of just
limitations on the venue. It was a really great event. I think pretty much all
the Council was there. We certainly gained a lot. It was an agendized
Council meeting so that we could all attend and participate and really to be
informed by the discussions that went on there and to get our blood flowing
on this topic and hear a lot of incredibly great and insightful thoughts from
the community and speakers. Having said that, I want to turn over the
meeting to Gil Friend, our Chief Sustainability Officer, to kick off our next
item which is a Study Session regarding ongoing preparation of a
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan, to update and replace the City's 2007
Climate Action Plan and, I will add, our 2003 Sustainability Plan. Gil, go
right ahead.

Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer: Mayor Burt, thank you. Good
evening. Good evening, Council Members. Thank you for taking the time
for this Study Session. Before I begin, I want to introduce Betty Seto, to my
right. Betty is the Director of the Sustainability Division at DNV GL, an
international consultancy, who has been our senior consultant and partner in
                                                                       Page 48 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
