                         TRANSCRIPT
area? They've just launched, for those who don't know, on January 11th of
this year they launched FLEX service where it's basically an on-demand bus
that serves the area within about 3 miles of the Tasman light rail station in
north San Jose. That's a pilot. I think they're looking for potential other
locations. I'm wondering if the area around the Stanford Research Park or
around the Cal. Ave. train station—in other words, the Stanford Research
Park on its own might be a second location for VTA to expand either as a
partner, somebody to steal ideas from and do it yourselves, of if it's a
complete flop, to at least pay attention and learn from. I was just curious if
you've paid much attention to the FLEX service in San Jose from VTA.

Ms. Jarvis: Yes. I do get the information on it, and I've seen some of the
preliminary results. So far, they're pleased with the results. Definitely
something to watch. We have a really good relationship with VTA. I've
worked with them for many years and again being an Eco Pass partner. We
certainly look forward to working with them on those programs.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd also say definitely work with us please. Stay
in close contact with us both on Council and the Staff about the lobbying of
Caltrain that was mentioned earlier. It is, I agree, important to increase the
service to the California Avenue Caltrain station. Making sure that we speak
with a united voice about that, I think, will be very, very useful.

Ms. Jarvis: Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach:        Whether it ends up being a chance for
collaboration or just sharing best practices, I hope that our City Staff will
continue to work closely with Stanford as we also develop our own City
shuttle program, whether there's any nexus there or at least just notes we
can exchange on best practices.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. Again, thank you, folks, very much for
doing this and for coming and spending this time with us tonight. This is
great. A couple of questions. One, are you folks far enough along to have
put any sort of financial framework around this to the extent of saying, "We
want to get people out of their cars. If we get one person out of their car,
but it costs us $5,000 a year, then that's more than we thought. If it costs
us $250 a year, then it's a huge win." Have you guys done any thinking like
that?

Ms. Jarvis: We haven't gotten to that level yet. We are implementing a
variety of programs that we can get off the ground quickly. We'll evaluate

                                                                        Page 29 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
