                          TRANSCRIPT
same concern that Council Member Scharff did. I'd love to see some ideas
on how we adapt a utility other than to say it's a big challenge. We need to
look at sustainability as an integrated solution. I think that means across
the City as well. How do we manage our utility? Also just understanding if
we move to electrification, what does that do to resilience, peak loads, risk
factor? I mean, there was another Report we got that said it was $50-$90
million to add an interconnect for the power grid. Hopefully we don't have to
pay all that. That would potentially be with Stanford. Those are big costs
just to ensure that people keep their lights on and their cars get charged.
My overall high-level thinking is that we should pretty immediately divide
these goals into two buckets: government goals that I think we'd mostly
say yes to. Those are things the City has total control over. Moving our
fleet to EV, defaulting to green on purchasing, minimizing gas use for City
facilities. I don't think you're going to run into much objection on those
things. Those are things we can probably start now. The community goals,
I too would like to explore more the idea of a Carbon Tax and the idea of
using market forces to encourage the behavior we want. I think this gets to
some of the risk about technology and product available. It really leaves it
up to the market to decide. If we're penalizing carbon usage, people can
make the choice of if they want to electrify their heat or their cooking or not.
Other quick comments on the Report. Again with traffic, I think we need to
be able to segregate retail from commercial. Ideally, if Town and Country
and Stanford Mall and Downtown shifted to paid retail parking at the same
time, I don't want us to like penalize our Downtown retail again. Water
reuse, a new wastewater treatment plant is on the books for some point and
really looking at potable water reuse. I know you intend this, but seeing
some kind of communication plan to go out and talk to a broader part of the
community, maybe hitting other groups in their normal meeting times and
start to evangelize this plan. Support the comments on salvage, the
importance of existing buildings. I wanted to make a call out. I think it was
your Lever Number Eight for information technology. Again, I think the
importance of a fiber network, the ability to work from home and not
commute at all is huge. As a basis for our smart grid or smart utilities, and
even the idea of a Citywide smart home approach could be pretty exciting.
Transportation, I think you and I touched on this briefly talking offline. I see
some separation in the idea of private vehicle usage versus combustion
engine use. There's this idea of people switching to EVs, which is great.
Having a discussion about how we affect that shift, and then a separate
discussion about shared vehicles versus private vehicles and congestion,
which seems to be a separate issue really. I think it would be interesting to
see some ideas on programs that would fund building upgrades, both
residential and commercial. Again, we focus a lot on new construction roles.
There seemed to be a lot of bang for the buck in figuring out how to take
care of our existing buildings. We haven't talked about solar at all, but solar
                                                                         Page 88 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
