                         TRANSCRIPT
Did I hear you say during the presentation that you'll be coming back in the
fall with recommendations about that or should we maybe make a—would it
be helpful to give direction to begin exploring that tonight, to encourage
Staff and the TMA to keep moving down that direction?

Mr. George: Wendy's going to come up and make a comment. The one
thing is that we are planning to come back in the fall to make a request that
aligns more with the three and the five year plan that we've revealed this
evening.

Ms. Atkinson: If I can also break in. One of the conditions in the contract
before you tonight is to come back within 90 days of a signed contract to
provide a Strategic Plan and budget to City Council.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. I missed that. That takes care of
one of the amendments I was going to offer later. I think it's also important
to note that, continuing on what Council Member DuBois was saying about
other parts of town that could use the services of the TMA, I think it's
important to note the TMA is not restricted to Downtown. I think it's also
important to note, going to this question that Council Member DuBois raised,
I think it's important which is what is the purpose of the TMA. I don't think
it's just an employer-funded association to fund transportation options for
employees. There's nothing that restricts the TMA to only being responsible
for employers and employees. In fact, if you look at Page 717 of the packet,
it talks about how—right in the middle—TMAs can fund and offer branded
services to both residents and commercial businesses. Really the idea here
is this is a public-private partnership. We both benefit; everybody benefits,
and we everybody should chip in. That's why I'm perfectly comfortable with
the City continuing to provide some level of funding. I do thing that one
thing to explore—I'll make this as a motion in a moment, but I just wanted
to mention it first. I do think we should explore or just move forward with
having a Council liaison to the TMA. I think it would be helpful for the Mayor
to appoint somebody. I'm not necessarily volunteering for it, but to have
somebody from the Council attend TMA meetings on a regular basis to
complement the representation we have from the City in the form of Staff. I
do get the sense that the community, the City Council, the TMA especially in
the last few months since our last meeting are really ambitious. I just want
to make sure that we do continue to let Staff know that we're empowering
you to support the TMA to be really ambitious, that we have big hopes and
are willing to think big around this. As we look forward, there's something
that we were hoping to get to before the break this year, but it has been
delayed. That's our City shuttle program. One thing that I would be open to
at least exploration of is whether we'd want to outsource operation of the
Palo Alto free shuttle to the TMA. I think it might be potentially a better
                                                                            Page 79 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
