                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Vice Mayor
Scharff to approve the Action Minutes for the November 21 and 28, 2016
Council Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member DuBois, second by Vice Mayor
Scharff. Please vote. That passes unanimously. Council Member DuBois,
did you—nothing.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: We move now to the Consent Calendar. Do we have a Motion
to approve?

Council Member DuBois: I'll make the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-7, 9-20.

Mayor Burt: We have a Motion to approve by Council Member DuBois,
seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff. We have a number of speakers. We have
a total of six speakers. If anyone else wishes to speak on the Consent
Calendar, please fill out a card at this time. Our first speaker is Malcolm
Beasley, to be followed by Andrew Boone. Welcome.

Malcolm Beasley, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Thank you, Council.
I'd like to express appreciation for Mayor Burt's wonderful summary of his
time and all the things you've done over the last few years. My only word to
him and Council Member Schmid who are stepping down is I hope you're
more successful in retirement than I have been. Hence, I'm here. I would
urge removal of Item 5 from the Consent Calendar. This relates to the Lot D
at Hamilton and Waverley, as I'm sure you know. I appreciate that this
would be one more delay in addressing this issue or its progress or lack
thereof. This project is part, as we all know, of a larger set of issues, really
the triangle of housing, parking and traffic. As I've thought about these
issues and been active, as some of you know, over the last few years, I've
come to the feeling and opinion that each action that relates to this triangle
really needs to be considered explicitly and publicly by Council in the triangle
with all the issues on the table at least in some sense. I think this public
consideration would lead to better decisions and to perhaps and hopefully
more civil discourse. I think that as part of this I've come to believe that our
collective failure to do this in these really thorny issues is frankly a weakness
                                                                           Page 21 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
