                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Yeah.      Council Member Kniss made a Motion and Council
Member Berman ...

Council Member Kniss: It's up on the board.

Mayor Burt: There we go. To direct Staff to prepare plans and estimates for
construction of the APGS with preference for single space monitoring and
solicit bids when funding becomes available. As the City Manager said, this
action tonight isn't binding direction. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: City Manager also said they would come back with
iterations, with analysis. I don't know if you need that in the Motion or not,
just to clarify that that will be happening.

Mayor Burt: I don't think we do. Please vote on the board. That passes 6-1
with Council Member DuBois voting no and Council Members Filseth and
Scharff absent. That concludes this item.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1 DuBois no, Filseth, Scharff absent

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: The next is Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs.         I'm not
aware of any updates.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Members' Questions, Comments and Announcements.
I know that Council Member Kniss wishes to adjourn the meeting in memory
of one of our citizens. Any other Council Member questions or comments?
Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks very much to people who contacted me
about Paula Kirkeby, including Karen who was here earlier tonight, I think,
from the Art Center. I'd like to read what she forwarded to everyone that
she knew would be concerned about this. As we adjourn in her honor
tonight, many of you would have known her because she was involved with
art, had an art studio and was a real presence in this community for a very
long period of time. Here's what Karen wrote: I'm very saddened to share
that longtime Art Center supporter and community member Paula Kirkeby
passed away on Friday afternoon. Through her work as an art supporter,
consultant, dealer, community volunteer, owner and operator of Smith
Anderson Editions, Paula made an indelible mark on the art world, and she
will be deeply missed. Her connections to Palo Alto run deep. She first
came to Palo Alto in 1956 and opened a gallery at 200 Homer in 1969. In

                                                                        Page 76 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
