                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: You have not made clear how this amendment modifies this
scope of work or why the scope of work is in conflict with Council direction.
The scope of work doesn't go into the specific detail that you just raised. I
will add that it's often more effective to begin with questions for clarification,
unless you're just so sure that you've drawn correct conclusions and you
have no questions, which apparently is the case here. Go ahead.

Council Member Schmid: In response to a question, which is available
online, Staff has said that they did reduce the nonresidential square footage
from 2.7 to 2.4 but did not reduce the number of new jobs projected. That's
the issue that I'm dealing with.

Mayor Burt: I think as a courtesy that—you have inferred something. You
believe it's a clear conclusion whatever your inference is. It would be more
appropriate to ask Staff for a clarification than to leap to a conclusion. I'd
like to allow Ms. Gitelman to offer any clarification she might have or not or
whatever.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor, Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. We
did receive Council Member Schmid's question last week—I think it was on
Wednesday—and provided a written response by email prior to the holiday.
Basically, we had received Council's direction in August of this year about
the scenarios that we were adding to the Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
analysis. We gave the Council an opportunity to opine on the jobs numbers,
the housing numbers, population and square footage in all of the scenarios
as well as the principle policy components. The Council adopted a detailed
Motion which asked for changes on some of the policy components and
adjusted the square footage numbers as Council Member Schmid has
indicated. The Council did not suggest that we should address the job
numbers, and so we didn't do so. We've explained in our response to
Council Member Schmid why we think that's a reasonable set of
assumptions. We all know there's been job increases in Palo Alto since the
recession, that have happened in existing building space not just in new
building space. It's likely that this is a trend that can continue over the next
15 years. We think that the job number and the square footage number
that the Council ultimately landed on in August are reasonably—a reasonable
relationship can be drawn between the two of them without calling into
question our longstanding, historic assumption related to one employee per
250 square feet. I would add, as it relates to the item on the Consent
Agenda, we're talking about two specific contracts for work that is already
well underway. If the Council wishes to adjust the job number on one or
both of the scenarios we're analyzing, we would have to adjust the scope of


                                                                          Page 11 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/28/16
