                          TRANSCRIPT
initiatives. I just wanted to put that on the record. We now can go to
technical questions from the Council, and then we'll hear from members of
the public. I don't yet have any speaker cards. If speakers would like to put
a card in, please—I think we have some. We'll hear from members of the
public, and then we'll return to the Council for recommendations. Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Hillary, I'm looking at the table on Page 286, which
is the Zoning Code amendments. A question about the last one there, the
residential densities, and the one on the next page, one's for Downtown and
the other one's for El Camino. These are housing-related. I just wondered
why they weren't in the housing section. Is there a difference between the
others?

Ms. Gitelman: We could have easily put that in the earlier table about
housing policies and programs. We knew there was going to be overlap.
This was kind of a zoning thing.

Council Member DuBois: I was just curious about that.

Ms. Gitelman: It could have been in either place.

Council Member DuBois: The first one Downtown says permitting process
by-right.    The one on El Camino uses different language, modified
regulations.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: I'm at the bottom of Page 286, allow residential
densities to increase Downtown and near California Avenue (Cal. Ave.).

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: The very last paragraph there. The wording is
different. I just wondered if that was intentional and what's the difference in
meaning.

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know. You could probably read more into it than
there is. The first description, the paragraph about Downtown and California
Avenue, is a description we used for the other Scenarios, 3 and 4, and
carried that forward for 5 and 6. I think we had the sense, when the Council
was discussing scenarios earlier, that they didn't have the same interest in
El Camino that they did in the other sites. We made this separate line for El
Camino, and the language is somewhat different. It could be the same or
we could find another way to encourage that without making it by-right.

                                                                         Page 24 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
