                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: As a general rule, I also side with those who
argue for a lot less office growth and a lot more housing growth. That's
where our focus for future development ought to be.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I don't think that Stanford Research Park should
be included in the growth cap. I think it's important that it's not. I think it's
important that we maintain flexibility going between R&D and office at the
Stanford Research Park and that we not be too prescriptive there, that you
want to allow innovation. I know my experience of going up there and
seeing Tesla and how they need to move quickly, frankly, and the way they
innovate.     I think we want to encourage innovation in Palo Alto and
encourage research in the Research Park, but that requires being able to flip
back and forth. I think we want to be very careful about how we regulate
the Research Park, that we don't change it's essential character. I think that
we want to have serious discussions about trip counts at the Stanford
Research Park to encourage the direction we want to go in having less single
occupancy vehicles. I think that's a long discussion, and I think we want to
think through that carefully. I think that's the direction we want to move in
with the Stanford Research Park. I'm just going to basically—I think we
want to encourage hotel development. The reason I bring this up a little bit
now—I'll bring it up later as well. I do think that we should encourage hotel
development either near the Stanford Research Park or more likely, frankly,
at the Stanford Shopping Center on some of that land there. I think it would
be nice if there was a hotel close to the Stanford Research Park so that
people didn't have to commute as much if it was there. I think that would
be a positive as well. In terms of the Stanford stuff, if I’m excluding
Stanford from the growth cap, then I don't need to address the other growth
caps. We can address it separately. Is that correct? When Tom's here. I'm
a little confused where I draw the line, to be honest.

Ms. Stump: It's fairly complicated.

Mayor Burt: (crosstalk) growth cap, you should talk about it now.

Vice Mayor Scharff: On the 1.7 million, I don't think we should include
Stanford as I said. I don't think we should include hotels. I think we need
to encourage hotels. I think basically our budget is—one of the huge
components of it, one of the successful things we've done is had hotel
development. That's really what's funding our infrastructure plan. If we
become negative on hotels, we're going to be in a—I don't want to be
hyperbolic. We're going to have real difficulties meeting our budgets. We
already have—I don’t remember what the number is. It's a $2 or $5 million

                                                                         Page 72 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
