                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I want to just quickly echo all of my colleagues, I
think, in thanking the Environmental Volunteers for the work that you guys
did to renovate the Sea Scout building, now EcoCenter. The Staff Report
does a great job of laying out the very sordid history of the Sea Scout
building. It's really just another indication of how lucky we are in our
community that a private group was willing to step up and do the work to
rehabilitate it and turn it back into a real community asset that folks of all
ages are really enjoying. I wasn't that aware of you guys, of the EVs, until
Dominic Dougall [phonetic] invited me to you all's event last year. It was a
really neat experience and just made me appreciate you guys even more. I
agree with what sounds will hopefully be a majority of colleagues. We made
an agreement; it's important that we uphold that agreement. We as a City,
even though times are good right now, have constant demands on our
money. You heard tonight that we're looking at adding a bathroom which is
going to cost even more. I think it's important that we utilize the tools that
we have, and TDRs are one that have been approved by the City and the
City Council. It's important that we utilize that opportunity and those funds
as opposed to constantly digging into our General Fund, especially in this
instance where it's not necessary. I support the Motion, and I would have
supported "D" if it were in the Motion. It sounds like we'll just be giving
direction to Staff tonight, which makes sense. We've heard a lot from
residents that we need more restrooms at our open spaces and public
facilities. Obviously this one is a very remote one, which makes it even
more necessary and important for us to have restroom facilities there.
Thank you again, and I look forward to supporting the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'd like to make a Substitute Motion, two parts, "A,"
"B" and "C." The City allocate $300,000 from the Budget Stabilization
Reserve to the EV for this project, instead of TDRs. Instead of "A," "B" and
"C."

Council Member DuBois: I would second that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:        Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by
Council Member DuBois to:

A.   Allocate $300,000 from the Budget Stabilization Reserve to fund this
     project; and

B.   Direct Staff to begin the process of building a restroom at the site and
     identifying a funding source.

Mayor Burt: Do you want to speak to your Motion?
                                                                            Page 16 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
