                         TRANSCRIPT
things get tighter or more expensive, I would think that that is an area they
would look to the City to maybe contribute the cost of the parking lot.

Council Member Schmid: There are some issues that we'll be dealing with
over the future but to create an exciting part of town. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Mine mostly got answered. Thanks. If you do
Phase 2 a couple of years later, that doesn't require shutting down the Zoo
for construction for an extended period of time or anything like that?

Mr. Aiken: We haven't finished designing it, but what I estimate is that we
would probably have to catch the birds up and hold them in that back-of-
house area onsite. We wouldn't have to move offsite, but we could do
holding onsite while the netting is opened up when the construction is ready
for that portion of it. My sense is also that the construction duration would
be pretty short, so we should be able to manage it onsite.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Congratulations on progress so far.
Some of the questions have been either asked or alluded to. One quick
thing. The dawn redwood, I know of at least one other dawn redwood in
Palo Alto, on Forest Avenue, that the private property owner dedicated. On
the topic of trees, we don't have any kind of arborist report or anything.
When this goes to the ARB, is that when the arborist reports are going to be
done? I note, for instance, that the—what we have are pretty rough and
basic plans. It looks like perhaps the buildings encroach on the dawn
redwood in terms of construction activity especially. Will those arborist
reports be accomplished and available for the ARB? Have any of those been
done so far?

Mr. de Geus: Yes and yes. There are arborist reports that have been
completed. When the project is a formal project and submitted and we go
through the process of formal review, all of those reports will be reviewed by
the different Boards and Commissions along with Council.

Council Member Holman: On a preliminary basis, I'm sure that the buildings
were located where they are based on something having to do with trees.
On a preliminary basis, are the trees adequately—are there adequate
setbacks from the trees including root zones and all of that sort of thing?




                                                                         Page 17 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
