                         TRANSCRIPT
of the speakers spoke of galloping annexation. As I look at this tonight, at
what are essentially just artificial lines that are drawn because of
Embarcadero. I'm not quite sure Melville and Lincoln came in there. I guess
anything could have. It sort of looks like it has a certain symmetry to it.
Again, I'm not really sure that it couldn't have been drawn slightly
differently, in a box for example. Putting that to one side, I'm going to go
with two or three things. I think Eric has said something that really is
important.     The number of permits, I'm surprised but I found myself
agreeing with you on that one. I think we have reached a point where if
you're going to park that many, you've got to think where are you going to
park them, especially without the Downtown garage that was promised, I
don't know how many years ago. Let me take a look and ask either Hillary
or one of the others. On page 4, when we're talking about the employee
parking zones and come down half, three-quarters of the way, where it's
determined on any given day the number of employees parking within the
district was only 50 to 60 percent of the total number of permits sold,
therefore ... What's the "therefore" there?

Ms. Gitelman:     I think this is the point that Sue-Ellen made in the
presentation. Based on our experience, even if you sell 2,000 permits,
you're not going to get 2,000 people parking there on any given day. You're
going to get 50 to 60 percent of that.

Council Member Kniss: If it's 50 to 60 percent of that, then you say the
number in a particular zone would be around 15 to 24 percent of the total
number of spots available on the street. That says that in the Downtown for
some reason, in the current Downtown RPP, it looks to me as though there
must be spots available according to what you're saying. Am I correct?
That's certainly what I'm reading in the report.

Ms. Gitelman: Right now what we're seeing is some bunching, because we
don't have this zone structure. What we're proposing in the zone structure
is a better distribution of the nonresidents who are parking in the district.
We should see more spaces. We're only selling enough permits to equal 15
percent of the total supply. I should let the experts—15 to 20?

Council Member Kniss: You haven't sold enough permits?

Ms. Gitelman: From 30 to 40 percent of the total supply. Then we
experience this phenomenon that you pointed out which is only 50 to 60
percent of the permits get used on any given day.

Mr. Mello: Just to clarify. The 30 to 40 percent is 30 to 40 percent of the
available curb space. We only see about half utilization of all the permits at
any given point in time. About 15 percent of the curb space is being taken
                                                                       Page 98 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
