                         TRANSCRIPT
Walter Bliss: My name is Walter Bliss. I live in Palo Alto for 45 years, 46
years. I wanted to speak against the development at 550 Hamilton Avenue.
That's the neighborhood I live in. It's a gross overdevelopment. They want
to replace a 43,000 square foot building of an age of about 44 years with
two 57,000 square foot buildings, one office, one residential, four stories
high facing Webster Street and two floors of underground parking equaling
3,000 square feet.      This is an egregious overdevelopment.        This is
encroaching into a perfectly good residential neighborhood. The people who
have put this forward, they're just trolling. They're not venture capitalists;
they are vulture capitalists. I voted for some of you; we voted for some of
you. We voted for all of you; that's why you are the City Council. We
expect you to have our values. We expect you to—you are the line of
defense between us, the residents, the electors. You are either our line of
defense or you're the gateway to this overdevelopment. Previous Councils
have been gateways to previous overdevelopment. You can see them
around the City. This is egregious. This is way too much. Already there's
an accident last week of a kid and his father going to school crossing
Hamilton Avenue. It's a residential neighborhood. We don't need this. We
don't want it. I believe that these people have seen some aerial photo that
showed, "Look. Here's a big parking lot. Wonder if that's available?" They
have captured low-hanging fruit essentially. That's going to be a cash cow
for them. What do we residents get out of this? What benefit is that going
to be for us or the City? Housing prices are going to go up because of this
not only for the residents who live there but for the residents around it.
Traffic is going to be way more than it is now. It's just going to be a real
pain in the rear-end. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Kniss returned to the meeting at 6:45 P.M.

9.   Finance Committee Recommends Adoption of the 2016-17 Action Plan
     and Associated 2016-17 Funding Allocations and Resolution 9583
     Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving
     the use of Community Development Block Grant Funds for Fiscal Year
     2016-17 Consistent With the Finance Committee’s Recommendation.”

Mayor Burt: We will now move to what was formerly Item 9, and that is
Finance Committee recommendation to adopt the 2016 to 2017 action plan
and associated funding allocations and adoption of a Resolution approving
the use of Community Development Block Grant funds for Fiscal Year 2016
to 2017.

Council Member Schmid: Mayor?

                                                                       Page 31 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
