                          TRANSCRIPT
the League supports the Citywide affordable housing requirements
ordinance, we still have concerns that the thrust of the ordinance is to favor
onsite below market rate units as opposed to the payment of fees into the
affordable housing fund. We noted in our letter to the PTC the following.
While the League supports policies that allow for provision of units for those
with moderate incomes, where it is feasible for a developer to do so, the
League notes that this ordinance may have the consequence of producing
much less cash for the affordable housing fund. Today cash from this fund
can be leveraged to obtain other sources of funding, for example through
the Federal tax credit program, for the development of many more units for
those with very low, low and moderate incomes, that can otherwise be
produced when a developer provides units on or offsite rather than paying
the housing impact fees.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Packer: Thank you for considering our comments. Thanks for the extra
time.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Candace Gonzalez, to be followed by Pat
Sausedo.

Candace Gonzalez: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council Members.
First, I want to thank the Planning and Transportation Commission,
especially the subcommittee, for really doing their due diligence on this topic
with the help of City Staff. On behalf of Palo Alto Housing, I'm not here to
comment on exactly how much the fees should be, except that they should
be in line with neighboring jurisdictions. We're concerned that if they are
significantly more than our neighboring cities combined with more restrictive
zoning and land use regulations here, it will discourage development
altogether. No new development will mean no funds for the affordable
housing fund and no onsite BMR units. With onsite BMR units, we can
build—we are able to serve those in the low to moderate-income
households, that's 60-120 percent of the area median income. We just saw
a great example of this over the summer when we helped Hohbach lease 18
out of 86 BMR units, serving 60-100 percent of the area median income.
With the affordable housing fund, we serve extremely low to low income.
That's 30-60 percent of the area median income, and that's the majority of
our projects that we build. As you've heard, we leverage the affordable
housing fund into tax credits and gain three to four times as many units, if
not more. We really want to see a balance, and we really want the
ordinance to show some flexibility regarding onsite versus in-lieu fees. More
importantly, I think, as we move forward with this topic, if the goal is really
to increase the affordable housing stock, we really need to reconsider our

                                                                         Page 53 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
