                          TRANSCRIPT
that they want to take down, the maximum they could be fined is $10,000
even elsewhere in the Code. Is that what was said?

Ms. Gitelman:     I'll defer to my colleagues on that question.       The PC
Ordinance itself set a penalty of $94,200 with respect to that demolition that
occurred at Edgewood Plaza. Within a PC …

Mayor Burt: That was because we had a PC Ordinance where we could set a
specific amount. I'm talking what you just previously talked about.

Mr. Yang: That language refers to the amount of a penalty that a court
could impose after a court judgment against an individual.

Mayor Burt: Right. My question is why are we limiting what a court could
penalize? If they take down a building that is a historic building, and it's
replacement cost is $5 million, why are we saying the maximum we could
ever fine them is $10,000 if we went to court?

Mr. Yang: That section, as noted earlier, is very outdated. That's something
that obviously needs to be revisited. To answer Vice Mayor Scharff's
question, I think the penalties in the Penalty Schedule could be interpreted
to apply on a daily basis. If we felt that the appropriate remedy was
reconstruction or restoration if it's not a total demolition, those could be
cited on multiple occasions. The $2,000 level could rise to $4,000 per
citation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is there any reason not to go with the $10,000?
Doesn't that give Staff more flexibility? What's the reason not to? Clearly,
$2,000 to take down a building is too small a penalty. I think everyone
agrees on that. Staff seems hesitant, so I'm just trying to understand what
would be the argument why we shouldn't just do $10,000? I could see some
arguments I could make up. I was curious as to why.

Ms. Gitelman: I don't think we see an immediate problem. I think we have
to use good judgment in applying all of these penalties. We have the
flexibility to apply them at different frequencies. If it was a garage that was
historic garage and the whole structure was worth $8,000 or could be
replaced for $8,000, I don't think we could apply a $10,000 penalty over and
over and over again. We might be able to apply it once. The flexibility is
not with the amount. If the Council sets the amount at $5,000, raising it to
$10,000, that's fine. The flexibility for the City is on the frequency with
which we apply the penalty.

Ms. Stump: I would just add there is a constitutional limitation potentially if
the circumstances surrounding the penalty amounts to a forfeiture. The
                                                                         Page 39 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
