                          TRANSCRIPT
whole range of what he had modeled in the past. I'll forward to hearing
that.   Another is that the Finance Committee—I appreciate—asked for
modeling on low return and also a modeling on a higher salary. I think that
they asked for also those being combined. In my mind, you're not going to
have both of those at once. If you have a downturn, which drives the low
return, you're not going to have those big salary increases at the same time.
You get one or the other. That's reasonable. We almost never have had the
two of them occurring at the same time, because there's a cause and effect.
I would caution against—I think looking at those conservative scenarios are
good. Relying on things that are pretty implausible are not so good. Finally,
we're going to get in this coming budget proposal beginning to address the
unfunded pension liability. Is that correct?

Mr. Perez: We're going to have that discussion tomorrow at the Finance
Committee. To remind the Council, we recommended that—some of the
things that we've done with the surpluses have been to reserve the money
for the following Proposed Budget, for one-time items. We've done that the
last couple of years. We'll probably recommend something similar again this
year. What we also did with last year's surplus is we identified 1.3 million of
that surplus to be considered to be placed in the trust, the 115 that you
heard earlier, to seed fund the unfunded portion, to accelerate it. Just so
we're all clear, it's roughly $200 million for the General Fund, to Council
Member Filseth's point earlier. Based on all the expectations that CalPERS
has, that unfunded liability is going to go away if everything turns out based
on their model. If we don't believe in that model, then our options are to
then start prefunding that. That's the thinking with this discussion, that we
would start that and we would ask all funds to do it, and not just the General
Fund.

Mayor Burt: We last year set aside a reserve off of last year's income to
begin that. This year we will probably be actually moving forward with that
expenditure to pay it down.

Mr. Perez: If the Committee recommends to the Council to go forward, yes.
We would come to the Council with that.

Mr. Keene: Just so we're clear. I think we're talking about FY '16 and how
we would make that allocation. It's too early; there's still moving parts.

Mayor Burt: FY '16 or '17?

Mr. Keene: FY '16, because I think there are too many moving parts in the
FY '17 Budget yet to say ...


                                                                       Page 101 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
