                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Do you think we'd be able to be certified ourselves
and use the money for our projects?

Mr. Shikada: Base on an initial read of the documentation, it does look like
the protocols set up for a city or a utility to take on—we really are not ready
to say what would be involved much less whether it would be cost effective
at the scale of a Palo Alto project and in comparison to the market price of
carbon offsets. Those are the kinds of issues that we'd want to look more
deeply into.

Council Member DuBois: A different kind of question. We're looking at
increasing gas rates of 4-10 percent. What would be the impact on low-
income or fixed-income consumers? Would they actually pay less than that?

Jane Ratchye, Utilities Assistant Director: We would have to increase the
rate for everyone. We can't have the low-income folks be excluded from it.
We do have low-income programs that they can be eligible for. What's it
called? Residential Energy Assistance Program, REAP. We go and do
weatherization and provide free furnaces and appliances like refrigerators to
reduce the usage. There's also programs where they do get a discount on
electric and gas bill. The rate would go up …

Council Member DuBois: Not tied to the increase?

Ms. Ratchye: The bill would go up, and they'd be subject to that too.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: One of the discussions at the Finance Committee
was the problem of doing local offsets especially in those areas where the
greatest value seems to be, cooking, heating, local purchases of electric
cars, that Prop 216 or 26 form a legal barrier to take a Citywide utility cost
and benefit single individuals. Maybe it's a legal question. Is there any
possibilities over the next couple of years of there being cases or
interpretations that might allow a greater freedom for utilities to utilize their
funds?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. It's a broad question. City
Attorney Molly Stump. California Constitutional Amendment Proposition 26
does apply to gas and electric rates and sets some basic requirements. It
doesn't drill down to the very specifics that we may want to explore here.
We are working to understand various innovative ideas and how they might
apply under the law. Under the California Constitution, voters also have the
                                                                          Page 20 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
