                          TRANSCRIPT
is we're trying to—there's some other dealerships in the area. From a land
use perspective, it seems like a reasonable site for an additional dealership.
I think if you were to ask the applicant the—I think that the site as it is now
is—I think their preference would be for even a larger site. I think there are
some constraints with this location even with the additional ...

Council Member Holman: I'm going to interrupt just for a second here. I
don't disagree, because there are other auto dealerships in this immediate
vicinity, that it's a bad location for a dealership. Do I think dealerships really
belong on East Bayshore? No, but there are some so this would be
consistent with that. I'm not talking uses; I'm using building compatibility
satisfying the context-based design criteria.

Mr. Lait: Right. To continue, I think that when we're looking at those
findings or those criteria, this particular site—I mean, I think you said it.
This is an anomaly in terms of the zoning. It allows for a greater height
than the adjacent properties. It will be the tallest building out there, in that
area. I think that the applicant and the Architectural Review Board spent a
fair amount of time on this as well. This went to an unprecedented four
meetings with the Architectural Review Board. The Council knows that it's a
three-rule standard that we have, but the Architectural Review Board
wanted to take another meeting with that. There have been efforts to try to
accomplish what the applicant is attempting to do here, but also do it in a
way that is appropriate and compatible with the neighborhood. There is
the—I don't know—80, 90-foot tall transmission wires that run across the
property and along the street. The applicant's proposing some trees within
that area. The Architectural Review Board talked a lot about landscaping,
the materials that were selected. This is a challenge when you have an auto
dealership with a manufacturer with a very specific branding standard. How
that fits in with the Baylands was a difficult challenge point. The Design
Enhancement Exception, pushing the building back away from the street so
it doesn't dominate Embarcadero and Bayshore, we recognize that this is a
scenic route. The Embarcadero area is as an entrance to the Baylands. I
think it's how the building was sited, the materials that were used, the
landscaping that's being proposed, these are all factors that went into
assessing compatibility with the neighborhood. Again, I would refer you to
the Record of Land Use Action for the draft context-based design standards.

Council Member Holman: Yes, I have read through those and referenced
them. I just wasn't sold. We can have a difference of opinion about that. I
think what we're addressing here yet again is—I'll try not to take too long at
this, but maybe help get us to some conclusion. I think what we're
addressing here yet again—we'll put the FAR issues aside. I think what
we're addressing here yet again is the issue that we have confronted many
                                                                             Page 116 of 128
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
