                           TRANSCRIPT
Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: We will now move onto the Consent Calendar. Do we have a
Motion to approve?

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member DuBois: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-7.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, second by Council Member
DuBois. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:        I believe City Attorney had some comments to
make about Item 5.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Yes, thank you, Council Member Holman. Just
to clarify. The attachment, the City list of filing categories for City officials is
not a comprehensive list in that it includes only the local additions to the
preexisting list that's a part of State law, that include for example all Council
Members, the City Manager and myself as your City Attorney as well as the
Planning Director and Planning Commissioners. Certain categories of folks
are specified under State law and are requirements of State law. This
attachment is the additions that the City makes to that process.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much.

3.    Approval of a Budget Amendment in the Electric Fund to Complete
      Conversion of Overhead Electric Facilities to Underground for Capital
      Project EL-11010 Underground Utility District 47 Increasing the Project
      From $2,346,000 to $2,946,000; and Finding of CEQA Exemption
      Pursuant to Guideline Section 15302.

4.    Approval of a Contract With Professional Account Management, LLC, in
      an Amount Not-to-Exceed $130,000 per Year for Five Years for the
      Handling and Processing of Parking Violations and Approval of Budget
      Amendments in the General Fund.

5.    Resolution 9648 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Conflict of Interest Code for Designated City
      Officers and Employees as Required by the Political Reform Act and
      Regulations of the Fair Political Practices Commission and Repealing
      Resolution Number 9471.”

                                                                             Page 14 of 81
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 12/5/16
