                         TRANSCRIPT
adverse impact on parking conditions. We ask the Council to give Staff this
direction. For these reasons, I respectfully request that the City Council
remove this item from the Consent Calendar and continue it to sometime
within the next 30 days for full discussion. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Malcolm Beasley, to be
followed by Michael Hodos. Welcome.

Malcolm Beasley, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11:               Good
evening all. My name is Mac Beasley, and I'm a longstanding resident of
Downtown North. I strongly support removing the Staff Report on RPP from
the Consent Calendar. We have come a long way in addressing the present
parking crisis, and for that we are very grateful. There are simply too many
substantive, unaddressed issues that require resolution before final adoption
of the RPP. Here are some issues of particular concern to me. There needs
to be a quality standard for the maximum parking density in the residential
areas of the City adjacent to the major commercial centers. Only with such
explicit quality standards can we assure that the need for balance between
development and the quality of our neighborhoods will be addressed in an
ongoing way. In my judgment, in the 42 years I've been here, I've watched
this several times.      The lack of such standards was a major factor
contributing to the present parking crisis. Two, the implementation of RPP
must ensure roughly equal density of nonresident parking within the various
RPP districts. It is a simple matter of fairness. There needs to be some
limited growth in the total size of the residential areas available for permit
parking. Common sense dictates this as does the spirit and perhaps even
the letter of the State Vehicle Code. Finally, Number 4, the parking crisis is
fundamentally a problem of supply and demand. So far there has been no
explicit assessment of demand in the development of the RPP program. I do
not see how Council can make a coherent decision about RPP without an
assessment of demand. I urge Council to request such information for the
next step RPP brought to the Council. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Michael Hodos to be followed by John Guislin.

Michael Hodos, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: Good evening,
Council.    My name's Michael Hodos.        My family's lived in—sorry—
Professorville for nearly 40 years.    I'm also one of the original RPP
stakeholders representing the residential community that worked with the
City Planning Department to develop the current RPP program. On behalf of
my Professorville and University South neighbors, I'm here to ask you to
remove from the Consent Calendar the Downtown RPP Phase 2 Update
document so that we'll have the opportunity at a later date to bring to the
Council's attention a number of misleading assertions and omissions from

                                                                        Page 14 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
