                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene:    I don't see how our position is harmed by us making a
statement to this effect. Even to the extent that there isn't just a kind of
direct correlation as far as sort of the public perception and perspective
about what has happened in Palo Alto. It seems that we want to put
ourselves in a position to be able to make that case, that additional housing
has taken place here.

Mayor Burt: I see no other questions of Staff at this time. Council Member
Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think Stanford made a very effective case that
building housing on campus would be helpful for Palo Alto, and it had a
positive impact on traffic. I appreciated your letter, Jonathan, that you sent
to them. I think it would be helpful to support Stanford in this and also to
make the case that it's important for us. I would like—on Packet Page 14,
there are ...

Mayor Burt: Sorry. Council Member Schmid, this is the question period.

Council Member Schmid: Not comment?

Mayor Burt: Correct.

Council Member Schmid: Then I'll hold off.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: This is the letter going to the County. Question is
can we get as fine-grained in our addressing of the project to the County,
such things as I raised earlier which were about maintenance of the
landscape screen and Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
equipment noise. Can we get that fine-grained?

Mr. Lait: We can make a comment. As I understood it, even the building
placements haven't really been fully vetted out yet, so I'm sure items
related to mechanical equipment has not been developed yet either. We can
express our interest in compliance with noise standards that are comparable
to the City and also our interest in having the landscaping, that screening
the development, be maintained and encourage that those be incorporated
as conditions.

Council Member Holman: Who has the more stringent noise standards, the
County or the City?

Mr. Lait: I don't have that information, but we could look into it and request
that it be set to the more stringent standard.
                                                                       Page 41 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
