                          TRANSCRIPT
stand before me and say they want to have more economic diversity
because that's the way it was, because their teachers lived here, their
firefighters, their responders, I think we might be able to address that.
We've talked about that as a Council. That's not by saying you want
affordable housing. When we say affordable housing, it has a particular
legal definition. That's not your firefighters, and that's not your teachers,
and that's not your middle class. What you're having in Palo Alto, in fact
throughout the Silicon Valley, is actually really interesting. A lot of the
middle class are becoming upper-middle class, which is driving the
affordability. The middle class are having trouble affording the rents and
affording that. They're being driven out of the Silicon Valley and especially
Palo Alto. If we want to do that, we're going to have to focus on how we
solve that problem. I don't know how we solve that problem. The other
thing I think we need to do is we do need to build more housing. What does
that mean? Is that John Kelley's 10,000 units? Ten thousand units, as Eric
Filseth just pointed out, will change the character of this community
dramatically. If that's what the voters want, that's one thing. I don't know
what the voters want. I don't believe it. I believe in 2009, when I ran,
people were having a strong backlash against housing. There had been a
huge growth of housing and people were up in arms about it. One of the
things about office development is now we've had this huge backlash against
office development. Council Member Schmid is talking about let's have no
office development, roughly. I'm putting a few words in your mouth, but it's
basically down to that. I don't think we want to have a strong backlash
against building a lot of housing either. I think you need a sustainable path
forward so you have a functioning market, so people can rent. You have
modest rent increases; you hopefully don't have 30 percent rent increases.
That's really bad for a community, because then you get the big
displacement. It's change. For me, it's how do we restore balance here.
That means it's not just building affordable housing; that means it's building
housing of all housing types and a reasonable amount of it. That's why I
asked those questions when we started. What is a reasonable amount of
housing that will make sense to move forward on in terms of what the
community could tolerate at a pace of change? Let's just think about it a
little bit. We've traditionally built for the last—if I'm looking at this roughly—
25, 30 years, it looks to me like 1,100 housing units per 7-year period. That
means when we get to a 15-year period, if we were in a historical, we'd be
at 2,000 units. If we double that, we're at 4,000 units. Three times that is
6,000 units. What do we want this to look like? Clearly we're not building
enough housing. We need to build more, but how much more? I'm still not
sure on this bookend concept. What I think I heard Eric suggest is we have
two scenarios, not five but five and six. I'm sure, Hillary, you'd love that
idea. I'm sure Staff would love that idea. There are really two contradictory
things that we've been talking about as a Council and holding in our heads
                                                                          Page 96 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/16/16
