                          TRANSCRIPT
future; build broad coalitions to do this. As we've talked about before, do
rapid and agile prototyping so we can take small experiments and learn
quickly, rather than make big plans that take a long time to build and a long
time to change. Support all this with timely and transparent performance
tracking so that we and our citizens and the creative people in the
community can contribute based on shared information. We have a model
for this in our Zero Waste Plan from a few years ago, which really proceeded
in three stages. First, the Council approved the goal of zero waste. At
another point, Staff came back with a Strategic Plan for how to achieve that
goal. In a third session, came back with the Implementation Plans or the
details of how to do that. I would encourage us to think about a kind of
framework approach that gives us a platform for moving incrementally into
the detail. I would respectfully invite you to think about a short list of
design principles that can guide us in this effort. First of all, focusing on
what's feasible while recognizing that both technology and economics are
changing very quickly. Focus on using ambient resources, the sun and
water and wind that fall on this community. Those are resources available
for us. We don't harvest much of that today; we could harvest more.
Council has already gone on record some years ago with a policy that the
City should use full cost accounting in our analysis. We have already done
this to guide some of our financial decisions, for example around our EV first
policy, recognizing total cost of ownership rather than first costs. That's a
critical decision factor for us. In your wisdom or your predecessor's wisdom,
we've also established that we should consider externalities to guide our
financial decisions. We haven't done that much because we haven't known
how to do it. It's something that's perhaps time for us to experiment with.
We need to align our incentives to ensure that we are not subsidizing
behavior that we don't want to see, as in the case of parking as I mentioned
before, and flexible platforms which I mentioned as well. The decision
criteria to guide the individual measures, I would suggest might be a list like
this. The impact on quality of life, the impact on community resilience, on
the health of our ecosystems and natural environment, the greenhouse gas
impact, the mitigation costs of getting those greenhouse gas impacts,
economic return on investment and, of course, fundamentally the impact on
future generations. Where do we go from here? I think it's going to be up
to you in terms of your readiness to make decisions tonight. We'll see
where we go over the course of the next hour or two. I think one
opportunity is to set a climate goal tonight or soon, to endorse the Draft
S/CAP as a launch pad or a strategic framework that's the basis for the
deeper discussions, and direct Staff to come back to you with a five year
plan, the first of a series of five year plans, because we'll have to reset this
as we go forward and specific Implementation Plans about specific elements
of this effort.     We'll need to incorporate the other City plans that I
mentioned in a cohesive, Coordinated Plan. Particularly important is to
                                                                          Page 20 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
