                          TRANSCRIPT
about this 2,000 net increase. The project site in Escondido Village has low-
density housing in it right now with about 400 beds for the graduate
students. Those would be demolished and 2,400 new beds would come in,
which is the net increase of 2,000 housing units. On that site there are also
600 parking spaces. This project would build 1,300 underground parking
spaces below the buildings, which is a net increase of 700 parking spaces.
These beds would be available to single students and couples only. They are
not intended to support the families. We have other units in Escondido
Village that support the families. To give you an idea of the location of this
project, the white boundary that you see is the current boundary of
Escondido Village. The wider road to the northeast is El Camino Real. The
boundary to the southeast is Stanford Avenue. You can see in purple the
future housing site is on the innermost boundary of Escondido Village toward
campus, along Serra Street, near the gas station and Campus Drive. That's
the housing location we're talking about. The project hasn't been designed
yet; it's anticipated to be four buildings with open space and courtyards in
between them, the underground parking. The heights of the buildings of the
different wings would range between six, eight and ten stories tall. It's
surrounded by the existing mid and high-rise buildings in Escondido Village.
In order to support the environmental assessment that was required for this
additional housing, Stanford prepared several technical studies that it
submitted to the County for their review. The first is a General Use Permit
(GUP) intersection analysis, which was prepared by Fehr & Peers, and we'll
go into this in a little bit more detail. That study looks at whether there are
any impacts to the exterior intersections around campus as a result of
adding this housing, that would go above and beyond the significant impacts
that were identified in the GUP Environmental Impact Report (EIR). We also
wanted to do a parking analysis that was done by Stanford's Parking and
Transportation Department, that verified that we were providing sufficient
parking for this housing that was coming online. Additionally, there was a
checklist that went through every single environmental impact that was
identified in the GUP EIR and just methodically made sure this addition of
housing did not create any new significant impacts beyond what was already
disclosed in 2000.        Lastly, we prepared some visual simulations from
viewpoints off campus based on some conceptual massing just to see how
visible it was. We'll walk through some of the details there. For the traffic
analysis, I'm going to ask Ellen Poling from Fehr & Peers to joins us.

Ellen Poling, Fehr & Peers: Thank you. Good evening, Council People and
Mayor. My name is Ellen Poling with Fehr & Peers. We've been doing the
studies that are required under the GUP as well as other planning studies for
Stanford for a number of years. This is one of several that I've done
personally since the GUP was completed in about 2002. Catherine stated
the purpose of the analysis, which is to reassess any external locations, not
                                                                         Page 3 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
