                         TRANSCRIPT
quality of life scenario, which is what the Council was talking about some
time ago? What's the challenge around that?

Ms. Gitelman: I think that was a discussion that got a lot of traction. That's
how we ended up with Scenario 5, if I'm not mistaken. I'd have to look back
in the Minutes from May and June.

Council Member Holman: My understanding is that the CAC is not using that
language, doesn't think it's viable. We can talk about semantics; I'm not
trying to get into that. That's why we're looking at community performance
measures and development performance measures, especially community
performance measures, to try to preserve the quality of life. Maybe it's
more of a comment than question. It seems like we ought to be calling a
spade a spade. On the development performance measures, it talks about—
I don't want us to be hoping that things are going to happen, and we don't
have a mechanism for dealing with things if they don't happen. If you're
looking at the development performance measures, it talks about
establishing basic requirements and incentives.           It doesn't mention
penalties, for instance. It's the stick and the carrot both. You have to look
at both.     Mitigations, I appreciate mitigations, and at the same time
mitigations can sometimes be worse than and can't fully account for
impacts.     I've expressed from early on—it's like an over-reliance of
mitigations is really concerning to me. Define over-reliance on mitigations.
If everything we're going to be looking at requires mitigations, I think we're
going down the wrong path and we're looking at too much happening in
terms of change. Somebody already brought up how do we fund these
programs. Infrastructure, from my perspective—I hope this can get some
support when we look at this—we have a list of infrastructure here. It's
time—where would we do it if not in the Comp Plan. We need to be looking
at our urban forest as infrastructure. I absolutely do. I see Gil is nodding
his head up and down. I appreciate that, Gil. I would like to see that added
to the list of things that has to be funded and supported in terms of our
infrastructure. A lot of the policies talk about housing near transit. One of
the speakers, maybe two, talked about housing near jobs. That ought to be
given more gravity. There are programs that can be put in place, called first
source hiring, which gives first priority of jobs to people who live within a
certain radius. It's a way to not only get people employed nearby but also
reduce greenhouse gas emissions.          When and where would we—if we
wanted to consider a lower threshold for Level of Service (LOS), wouldn't we
want to incorporate that while we're doing the EIR? How would the Council,
from your perspective, and when introduce that desire, should the Council
go there?



                                                                        Page 47 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
