                          TRANSCRIPT
Again, I'm not talking skyscrapers. I'm talking about having an office layer
on top of a commercial layer or a residential layer on top of a two-story
office building. I'm talking about adding a floor or two. It will go a long way
to actually reducing a lot of that Downtown traffic and begins to offer that
option to have jobs and home near transit. Integrated with the sharing
system. The most innovative (inaudible) in San Francisco now are actually
arguing for a reduced number of parking spaces. Remember, those are
diminishing in value. I can build more residential units, and I offer a shared
access system in the basement that gives me access to Zipcar, Uber or other
shared electric vehicles. Transit, some of it we can control locally. Certainly
Stanford University is very interested in opening up transit and has already
made it free for anybody who wants to jump on Marguerite. Integrating that
into our system in the City, and then really getting together with our fellow
cities up and down the Peninsula to push for that frequency of Caltrain.
Let's see what we can do not only with electrification, but before
electrification. I've been to one of the previous City Council meetings about
the crossings and how do we solve the cross-town traffic problem. Let's also
think about how we actually solve the modal transfer so that we can get
California Avenue back into a main stop, and we can make our Palo Alto stop
work even better than it is today. I'm going to touch a hot potato, parking.
Right now, we give free parking for most of the City. Stanford charges for
parking, has seen a dramatic shift, 20 percent of modal shift has happened
over the last decade and a half from people who drive their car to people
who take some form of walking, ridesharing, transit, carpooling, biking,
basically because they made it more expensive and you get a subsidy if you
actually share or bike or walk in the form of a commute credit, and you pay
a charge if you want to park. It can be revenue neutral. There are many
ways obviously to structure it. We can do it through an app. Rather than
just say we need to build more garages that ultimately will depreciate in
value, a lot of other ideas here for what we can do with parking. That's this
idea of the fee-bate where you equalize a subsidy for those who are willing
to change modes and begin charging. It can be very small; it doesn't have
to be a massive charge upfront. Really important, I mentioned this already,
opening up the data for all of our transit and really sharing data so that our
bike trails begin to connect, and we stop doing the study separately for Palo
Alto, Menlo Park and Mountain View and actually say, "Let's see where
people actually really bike." They bike to work. They bike to shopping
centers. They bike to movie theaters. Let's see where our kids go with the
bike to school. Let's integrate that into one network. Right now, if I go to
Mountain View, I've got a gap in the bike trail system. If I go to Menlo Park,
I've got two bridges, so there it's interconnected, but I've got some areas
where I'm in a bike trail desert. I wouldn't send my daughter there who's
nine, through those zones. Lastly, being open to experiments. We're lucky
to have some of the most leading edge technology companies that
                                                                        Page 31 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
