                          TRANSCRIPT
open environment of start-offs and innovation. It would be harmful to the
City and, I think, to Silicon Valley to break that height limit without good
reason.     Number 2, it is important to encourage and maybe provide
incentives for mixed use, substantial housing projects. Too often in areas
that allow mixed use, you get token housing thrown in, just enough to get a
bonus. I think we ought to provide incentives for substantial housing.
Hotels are very attractive financially. They do give the City real funding, and
there's an incentive to do it. We ought to look carefully at what too many
hotels do. They make your center city a place for pass-throughs, for people
who come and do something and leave, do not have a participation in the
community. Our investment in hotels should not go in the direction of
undermining the characteristics of the community. That brings me to Point
Number 4, which is critical to us maintaining Palo Alto as a community.
That's the demographics of the share of citizens between 5 and 17. The
Land Use Element and other elements in our Comp Plan are filled with the
School District saying, "We're on top of this. There's not going to be any
growth in the school population." In other words, the share of citizens
between 5 and 15 will be reduced. There is one community, one county
west of the Mississippi that has had that take place over the last 30 years,
San Francisco. It's one of the characteristics of the old aging, center cities in
the East. You lose your families. I don't think Palo Alto can lose its family
and remain a community. I would say we need to talk to the School District.
If we're going to add 10 or 15 or 20,000 people to our community, they
should include families. We need a way of figuring how to do that. It's the
only way we will remain a community and not an urban center city. The last
thing, I think there is a lot of interest in the community, in everybody on
housing affordability. The most direct and simplest way of affecting housing
prices is to restrict office buildings. Palo Alto has the highest ratio of jobs to
employed residents of virtually any city in the country. No one else in
California is like us. The only cities at the top of the list are Washington,
D.C., and Manhattan County. The high cost of housing comes from high cost
of land use, the incentives the developer has to build offices rather than
housing and the density of jobs here. I think we have to take positive steps
if we want to deal with housing affordability to limit office growth.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I've got a laundry list too, but maybe
what I'll do is send you an email. Do I want to ask a couple of things? Just
briefly, in the business district sections, I noticed that you used to reference
the Downtown Urban Design Guide. There was also some language about
facilitating reuse of existing buildings. Does anybody know offhand why that
went away? I also noticed that it eliminates the square foot cap on the
Stanford Shopping Center. Was there discussion on that?
                                                                          Page 97 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/28/16
