                          TRANSCRIPT
Vijay Varma: Good evening. Vijay Varma. Some of the things I was going
to say Lydia has already said. My comment is growth is not always good or
better. We got into this imbalance because we let other area of the
economy grow. We can't fix that or other area become worse, which is
housing. We have a limited number of green space per person who lives
here. We can't cut it down; that impacts the quality of life. If somebody
doesn't believe it, they can go see the third world countries, how they've
grown. My own native city is the worst city in the world today to live. We
don't want that to happen here. We need to make sure there's enough
water, enough clean air for the residents who live here.        We cannot
compromise on the health and the quality of life of the people living here.
That's the only comment I have at this point. Yes, we can go on building
more; we'll be living in pigeonholes. That's not the way of—the more you
encourage, more problem you're going to have. Just like we had on the
commercial side of the development. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Joe Hirsch to be followed by our final speaker,
Stefan Heck.

Joe Hirsch: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Many people have talked this evening
about very compelling needs which obviously need to be addressed.
However, others have talked about the jobs/housing imbalance which was
around 2.7 when I was on the Planning Commission in the '80s, and is now
well over 3:1. This has been growing for many years, and now the City
proposes to mitigate that by belatedly building more housing, which no
matter what is said and done will make traffic and parking and quality of life
in Palo Alto worse, maybe much worse on top of the current situation which
we all know is extremely bad. Traffic jams, heavy traffic, gridlock on
freeways any time, day or night, is common. Council Member Wolbach and I
agreed last year that traffic on San Antonio Road at times is gridlock, and
that hasn't changed. Putting more housing or hotels down there will only
make it worse. Traffic and quality of life are the key to the residents of this
City. There are other factors, of course, but new housing, particularly high-
density housing, will not make the situation better. Most people have cars,
even those who walk or bike frequently. I happened to walk by the parking
spaces for the Council Members tonight, and they were all filled with cars.
The nature of the Bay Area is such, with its traffic layout, that cars are
needed by the vast majority of people. At the same time, yes, they're on
the freeways; yes, they're on the roads of Palo Alto. It takes a lot longer to
go everywhere. People are thinking about leaving the Bay Area. I had a
conversation yesterday with a woman from Menlo Park who was so fed up
with the situation and the lack of responsibility of the City Council there that
she's selling out and moving to Oregon. Affordability—one final point. The

                                                                         Page 72 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
