                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Just a comment on the Business Registry. I guess
I'd go in the opposite direction of let's spend less money. We spent a year,
a year and a half collecting data, and we are well beneath the numbers that
we are using as our base for employment in the City. I think we're about
one-third beneath it. Where do those numbers come from? They come
from Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG), and ABAG both in 2005
and 2013 came up with numbers of employees in Palo Alto. A question of
where does that come from. They used census data, business census data
from the Commerce Department. It seems to me it's time that we stop
trying to count noses and find that we can't find all these people, and use
the same number ABAG has been using as their basis. Go to the business
census put out by the Department of Commerce on a census-tracked basis
and use those numbers that PlaceWorks is using. We're using it as a
background for all our reports. Why don't we use it?

Mayor Burt: Can I weigh in on that? I'm not sure—when we've quizzed our
Staff on the reliability of that data, in particular how reliable it was for our
medium and larger businesses, the answer was that we think we've captured
it really well. I'm not quite sure why there's the assumption that the
business census data is necessarily correct. I would say that if our data is
closer to correct, then that might favor our position with ABAG. They drive
demand for what we must build in housing based upon, in part, our jobs. If
that's been overstated, why would we want to acquiesce there?

Council Member Schmid: Why are we using, why is PlaceWorks using, why
are we giving out background material for our Comprehensive Plan using the
data that ABAG has given us? We as a Staff have accepted that as a base
number.

Mayor Burt: You were just advocating that we abandon embracing our
specific data. Why wouldn't we want to go in the other direction, which is
look at whether our specific data might be leading us to greater accuracy
and embrace that?

Council Member Schmid: It would be good if we have confidence in it. It
seems to me we've struggled ...

Mayor Burt: I don't know which I have confidence in. I'm not sure that I
have confidence in ABAG's numbers.

Council Member Schmid: It's the Department of Commerce census that you
have confidence in. It seems to me those are the numbers that we have
been using in our Comp Plans for the last 40 years as a true basis.


                                                                         Page 79 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
