                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate this line of questioning. I have a few
others, but I'm going to stay focused on follow-up, which is why I put my
light in. If there's not a correlation, you said it's not a separate issue earlier.
Let's just say that the residents side, the California Avenue neighborhood
side, if you do your work and your response to what's been done so far, let's
say that indicates there needs to be more testing done, where I'm trying to
link these up or not is while I can see the logic of "it doesn't have anything
to do with the layout of the project on the east side." This is more of a
question for Staff I guess. If we approve the project on the east side and
there is mitigation and more tests that need to be done on the west side,
who pays? That's the link that I'm wondering if it exists. If we've already
approved the Stanford project and mitigation needs to be done, who pays
for that?

Ms. Gitelman: A little outside my area of expertise, but I think it's not just a
question of whether the testing proves accurate in finding TCE above the
thresholds, but can a correlation be established between what is found
offsite and this site or some other source. That would determine whose
responsibility ...

Council Member Holman: I understand.

Mayor Burt: Can I try and answer that, Council Member Holman? Let me
just try and answer your question. The responsible party will pay either way
or be pursued either way. We can let the experts from DTSC—that's actually
their expertise rather than our Staff.

Council Member Holman: I guess my question is would the neighbors have
to—let's just say there is a correlation. Who knows? None of us know
exactly at this point in time. Let's just say there is a correlation established.
Do the neighbors have to sue to get the mitigation done? What's the
mechanism—how does that happen so the neighbors aren't just on the hook
for mitigating and remediating what they find on their site? Presuming that
there's a connection found.

Mr. Piros: I think it depends on basically what's the mechanism that it's
getting there by. One thing I think we have to look at is are there any
preferential pathways. I think if there are some preferential pathways, we
may ask Stanford to do something in that regards. If it's another source,
we'd have to—the State always has the option of taken enforcement action if
necessary any time anybody's a responsible party.

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry, go ahead.
                                                                            Page 46 of 80
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/28/16
