                          TRANSCRIPT
should be an ordinance revision. We'll be coming back after a pilot period;
we're thinking that would be a full year. We'd come back to you not
necessarily on the same timeframe in the fall with a probable ordinance
revision that you could adopt. I think that will be later. That will be in '17
before we'll have a proposed ordinance based on our pilot year.

Council Member Holman: I think the Staff at the table know I have great
regard for each one of you. At the same time, I find the timeline for this is
more than frustrating. This has been a years-long issue with members of
the community who have spoken up about this. It came to Planning
Commission where there wasn't that much concern, but some serious
concern about it too. I don't know what we can do to try to better prioritize
this. We did have our Committee of the Whole meeting. This is a major
consideration. It's very frustrating that it's creeping along as opposed to
flowing, if you'll pardon any references there.

Mr. Bobel: If I could defend us a little bit there. With respect to ...

Council Member Holman: I'm not trying to attack anybody. You understand
my frustration there.

Mr. Bobel: With respect to the impact analysis, let me emphasize that we
are implementing that. Folks proposing basements have to analyze the
impacts of their actions. Although it's a pilot, we are implementing it. We're
not losing ground by putting the ordinance revision off until '17. We're just
saying an ordinance revision is a longer process, we actually need time to
analyze what occurred in the first year. We're not taking it off the books
during that period of time. The impact analysis, that was one of the
measures you did adopt, we're implementing now. The thing that isn't
implemented now is the fee structure. That's an issue complicated by the
fact that we have to investigate what type of fee—what the basis of that fee
would be. Would it be based on the use of the groundwater or would it be
based on the use of the storm drain system? If either one of those two or
something else, how do we cost it out? There's a lot to look into there.

Council Member Holman: I know there is a lot. Just one last thing and I'll
pass it along here. I appreciate what you are doing in the localized and
single property evaluation. No surprise to any of you probably sitting at the
table, maybe more Joe than anybody, I'm always more comfortable when
the City is doing the analysis than when an applicant—that the City is hiring
the consultant who is doing the analysis as opposed to the applicant hiring
the consultant. I look forward to a next step, and hoping that this will come
back in the fall with some considerations in front of us. It's an ongoing
issue. I'm sorry. There is one last question. In the meantime, are we going

                                                                           Page 21 of 98
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/27/16
