                          TRANSCRIPT
biking, we have single occupancy vehicles, we have carpool. There's nothing
about buses despite the fact that we have 900 bus stops per day at our
Intermodal Transit Center. It's a phenomenal number. This was brought to
us by Staff 3 years ago. It's not part of the survey; it actually hasn't been
part of the discussion really. We heard from the Stanford Research Park the
bus program is central to what they're looking at. I also saw that this is an
anomaly, but it shows that out of those who commute from 50 miles, 5
percent bike or walk. That just didn't seem quite right, and it was far less at
20 miles. There are some glitches there. There's also an interesting set of
questions. 47 percent would use transit if it was less expensive, but only 5
percent listed cost as a reason for not taking it. Somehow there's some
information that needs to be understood better.           60 percent of the
government workers, meaning our employees primarily, got the Post Office
and a few others, would like to change modes. That speaks to us and our
responsibility as a local city government to embrace that and to our unions
to really work with that. Their union members are saying they want it, and
yet we have difficulty negotiating some of these terms with our unions. I
also saw that 32 percent I think it was the local folks would bike with better
bike storage. That's simple. This is not a very expensive means to get
there. Most businesses don't know that we already have a program where
we will pay for bike racks on private property. It's a hidden program; we
don't promote it, and most businesses don't know about it. These are all a
number of different elements to this that I think we are going to have some
additional discussions at our later item about how do we really make this
kind of program that you—I think if we were to say to you, "If you had a
budget that was $1.5 million a year, could you accomplish this goal within 2
years?" You would probably come back and say, "Nobody ever offered that
to us. Yes, we'd be very enthusiastic about what that could accomplish."
We haven't had that conversation because in part we haven't had the
feedback loop. I think that we'll see there's a lot of interest by the Council
in figuring out how to make this even more successful in the Downtown area
and comparably successful throughout the City. Those are my comments. I
think you've heard tonight that the Council really wants to see this be
successful.    On the one hand, there's frustration that it's taking off
somewhat slowly. On the other hand, you're doing the best you can within
what you understood to be the boundaries and the limits and the
opportunities of how you could proceed. You've laid that foundation for us
to think, with the Research Park and what we've heard tonight, about what
would be possible if we could be able to have a really comprehensive
program. That's been enthusiastically embraced by the Council. We want to
get there, and we have to figure out how to help get us there. Thank you all
very much. We look forward to your ongoing success.

Mr. Keene: Thank you for that. Thank you.
                                                                         Page 64 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
