                          TRANSCRIPT
Stanford Research Park, as strong as theirs appears to be, they've got 25
percent of their employers who are not in the same commitment as the
others. As we see in the Downtown, if we look at that more broadly
throughout the City, we'd have a real hard time having a really effective
program on a voluntary basis. I just don't see it ever getting us where we
need to go. I think the closest that we would get this in the community
would be through the Research Park. In some ways also we already have it
in the Stanford hospitals. Other than that, we don't have those really large
employers that would really do that.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Go ahead, and then I need to call on Council Member Schmid
as well.

Council Member DuBois: Just your comment about the $100 per employee
and if Mountain View's talking about $150. There is some logic to doing this
along with other cities in the area, almost like the minimum wage
discussion. Again, that is also a consideration.

Mayor Burt: It is. We should share that when Cupertino and Mountain View
have been discussing this, they're envisioning funding some major capital
programs as opposed to service. That's why they're thinking about much
bigger dollars. It's a valid question. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I wanted to try a Motion. Recommendation that
the Mayor set up a special committee to explore a transportation tax and
make recommendations to the Council within 4 weeks on the goals, the
amount, the timing, the type, the tiering and the key steps that need to be
taken.

Mayor Burt: I will second that, but then I'm going to need a clarification.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
recommend the Mayor appoint an ad hoc committee to explore a
transportation tax and make recommendations to the City Council within
four weeks, including the goals, timing, type, tiers, and key steps needed to
move forward with such a tax.

Mayor Burt: Did you wish to speak any more?

Council Member Schmid: I think the Council is in agreement that we need
to have funds to make our transportation policies move forward, that it is
fair since so much is commute-oriented, that it be a business tax. I think it
makes sense to have a small group of Council Members who can met flexibly
                                                                         Page 89 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
