                         TRANSCRIPT
department heads, but you know what I mean—people that are not
administrative. If we're going to go further and do unionized employees in
the satisfaction survey, again I think we should break that up if we're going
to do it through Utilities and all of that. I just think we need to parse the
data differently for the different unions in some ways, management and
professionals, and then some of the different job categories so we get a
better sense of it all. You could have a situation with one employee
bargaining group at the time things aren't going well, and you may get a
very different employee—that may be a snapshot in time that distorts the
views.

Ms. Figone: What we might do, just thinking about getting started, is
approach this as a pilot. We can shape something that we know is better
than what you did in 2015, makes progress on the elements that are
important to you, and then get it back to you for your approval in time to
have the data so it doesn't slow the process down. When you start thinking
about backing into it, we've got to get going. In that regard, it might be a
smaller effort that we build upon over time.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I was going to say. Maybe what we have
for 2017 is let's not spend too much money; let's develop something quickly
that works. In 2018, we approve it.

Ms. Figone: You approve it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In 2019 we approve it.

Ms. Figone: Let's get started.

Vice Mayor Scharff:   Let's not make the enemy—the perfect the enemy of
the good.

Ms. Figone: If you don't mind, Rumi, do you have anything to add?

Rumi Portillo, Human Resources Director: I've been doing a lot of research
in looking at measures and metrics for employee engagement. I've come
across some really great types of questions to try to look at different
elements of that. I think (inaudible).

Ms. Figone:   That'd be good not to reinvent the wheel.             There's a lot out
there.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd also use best practices then, if you don't reinvent
the wheel.

Council Member Holman:     There was something else too to be addressed.
                                                                                   Page 18 of 20
                                           Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript 11/16/16
