                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Piros: I don't know that there is another source. Sounds like this has
been a residential area for a long time. Hypothetically speaking, if there was
another source, we do have mechanisms of pursuing action by anybody
that's caused contamination.

Council Member Holman:       There's doesn't have to be a linkage.       If
something's discovered and there needs to be a mitigation/remediation, that
can be enacted by your entity without cost to, in this case, let's say
homeowners.

Mr. Piros: We can pursue action. I won't say ...

Council Member Holman: Tell me what that means.              Be more specific.
Pursuing action, what does that mean?

Mr. Piros: It's hard for me to generalize because it varies specifically. If you
do have—any time there is a contaminated site or DTSC has established that
somebody has caused a release, we do have enforcement authority. Like I
said, that's speaking very generally.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, I think it's an important distinction
that that—I'll ask the DTSC folks to confirm my understanding. That's
independent of the land use action. It's not contingent on it. It's not
actually even related to it. We may wish it were, but it's not.

Council Member Holman: That's what I was trying to determine.

Mayor Burt: That's what I was trying to tell you.

Council Member Holman: The other thing that I wanted to ask you, if I
could please. There's been mentioned a couple or three times that it was
written somewhere in all this stuff that we have to read that these chemicals
are found in paint and all kinds of different things. Some of the levels that
have been at least preliminarily discovered in the residential properties, how
much—is there any way of knowing how much—let's just use something,
paint. How much paint would one have to have onsite to cause those levels
of testing results? I'm not asking you for 72 gallons or 15,000 gallons. Is it
reasonable to think that a residential property could have that much of
something that would contain those TCEs to create that kind of a reading?

Mr. Piros: I don't think it takes much. I think actually Mr. Siegel mentioned
one case where somebody with gun cleaner. I believe it was a site in San
Leandro where, I think, gun cleaner was also the culprit. That's one
example I can give you. If somebody goes to clean their gun and they're
using gun cleaner, it can—in the case of one DTSC site in San Leandro, there
                                                                          Page 47 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
