                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Abendschein: We don't have the graph in front of us. Yeah, 30-50, it's
on that scale.

Mayor Burt: In our community, that is a grossly underappreciated fact. I
think it's something that we really need to get out there to the community,
how much cheaper our electricity is than PG&E. In one sense, it goes into
our broad discussions. We've been able to achieve—I'm sorry. I'm going to
cut myself off, because that goes more into the comment period. I'll bring
that up later. Final question. We've talked briefly about how this program
fits within our various local solar initiatives. Can you just briefly update us
on what is the present and, from a utility Staff perspective, future role of
PACE programs in our local generation initiatives and efficiency for that
matter?

Mr. Shikada: I'll opine on it to start with. We have had a number of
conversations with Property Assessed Clean Energy (PACE) program
providers. There have been some mixed feedback with respect to success
on issues of the contractor used, some of the customer service issues, and
particularly some issues as residential properties turnover and are up for
sale and how it can complicate the sale transaction.          That said, we
understand that Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) recently
adopted something of an umbrella program that would make it easier for
Palo Alto as with other cities to adopt more of a general authorization for
PACE programs to come to town. Staff is looking at how we could best bring
that forward. I think one of the policy discussions that the Council will have
is the extent to which the City would want to be in the middle on the issues
of customer service and somewhat customer protection as those are issues
that have come up of late.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now we'll turn to members of the public. We have
four speaker cards. If anyone else would like to put in a card, please come
forward at this time. Our first speaker is Gina Goodhill, to be followed by, I
believe, Carter Lavin. Excuse me if I didn't read it right. Welcome.

Gina Goodhill: Hi there. My name is Gina Goodhill Rosen with SolarCity.
Thank you for taking public comments tonight. I've spoken before this
Council a couple of times in the past on this issue. We once again urge the
Council to vote against this proposal and to direct Staff to work directly with
the solar industry on something that works for all parties. I'm trying not to
be duplicative and say things that I've said in the past. On June 27th, as
you know, Staff came to Council with this same proposal. Once again, the
solar industry opposed it because it doesn't fairly compensate customers for
the benefit that they provide to the grid. We've submitted a letter in the
past with more details on what we think all those benefits are. Additionally,

                                                                       Page 28 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
