                           TRANSCRIPT
Rachel Hamilton: Good evening, Mr. Mayor and members of the Council.
Thank you again. Just a very, very brief follow-up. As members of our
team have stated, we've done everything we can to minimize the visual
impact of the project. Very specifically from a quality standpoint, when
people come to use the parking garages, the use of electric charging
stations, the fact that they'll have shaded parking on the roof are pretty
huge benefits that really impact basically everyone who's going to be using
these facilities. The other thing is that when you stand below these parking
garages and look up, the solar canopies don't quite read as roofs. You catch
a little glimpse of sun. It looks a little bit lighter than if you were to just put
a solid roof on there. We feel like it's part of the modern vernacular that's
being developed for urban areas that are coming in and bringing solar power
to already constructed urban areas. That's it. Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Zach Rubin.

Zach Rubin: Hi. I really just wanted to conclude by thanking all of you and
not just the Council but the City as well. All of us collectively have spent a
tremendous amount of money. It's over two years getting to this point.
Whether we continue going through ARB or not, I would like to believe that
we'll ultimately get there. We have an opportunity tonight to let this
become a reality. I just hope that I can count on everyone here to support
this project, because the benefits, I think, are really positive for the local
City and to be a representative of clean energy and what we're doing here
going forward. Thank you, all of you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now return to the Council for discussion
and a Motion. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman:        I'd like to go ahead and move Staff
recommendation that the City Council make the determination—do you want
me to read all the Staff recommendations or does it work just to say, "I
move the Staff recommendation"?

Mayor Burt: I think we can post the Staff recommendations.               You don't
have to read them all.

Council Member Berman: I think what's up on the board is my Motion.

Mayor Burt: Do we have a second?

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to make the following determinations:
                                                                           Page 54 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 9/26/16
