                          TRANSCRIPT
requests people have. We do a fairly good job on that. The big problem is
the one that was pointed out earlier, the stuff that in a sense is beyond our
control and that are the policy changes that were made years ago on these
pension and healthcare costs. We've been trying to do our best there. I
think we've been very disciplined, the Council has, in not ever thinking that
any year that we're here we're in the money and we can make long-term
commitments that get you into trouble. That's why when we have had
downturns and those sorts of things we're not in the big hole that other
jurisdictions are. We've been playing it closer so that it's even easier for us
to do it. Not to say it's necessarily easy, but we've been able to weather
that without our City falling apart, even when we had to cut $10 million, $20
million.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'd join in the praise. I think over the last five
years, we've done a terrific job on our infrastructure and moving money into
long-term things that will benefit the City for decades to come. I guess I
would just like to support what Chair Filseth pointed out about unfunded
liabilities. If there is a vulnerability that we should be sensitive to it's the
unfunded liabilities. I noticed one critical difference between the Finance
Committee's Long Range Financial Forecast in December and the one we just
got in March. That's on salaries and benefits, the 10-year horizon for
salaries over that 10-years we're looking out. In December, it was 2.9
percent per year. Benefits were growing 4.3 percent per year. The one we
have in front of us tonight, salaries are growing 4.8 percent per year and
benefits two percent per year. That is a striking difference in two or three
months. I assume most of it was an adjustment made in the 2017 budget,
because you explain what happened that had our benefits looking so
modest.

Ms. Nose: I would say probably the biggest change between December and
now is the change in the Council authority levels for our current negotiations
with our various labor groups. That's probably the most significant change
that's occurred between the two. We've done a number of different things
as part of those sessions. Those have all been factored into here. That's
one of the reasons why this has been delayed so much, to try and
incorporate all of those changes.

Council Member Schmid: It shows up in 2017. It's striking in the sense that
three months ago we were saying the cost of benefits would be higher than
what we're paying salaries. The unions were saying, "I need take-home pay
to live." All of a sudden, you have salaries well above benefits in 2026.


                                                                         Page 96 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
