                          TRANSCRIPT
thoroughly and much more thoroughly than we did tonight. They suggested
Option 1. We received dozens of emails from the public that all suggested
Option 1. The choice is really clear for me about what our community is
asking for. I think that we should approve what they've asked for.

Mayor Burt: I neglected to make one additional comment. If it's okay, I'd
add in the concern as to how will car drivers benefit. I asked the question
earlier. We don't have an estimate. Switching to significantly more bike
riders here reduces the number of cars in this roadway and should benefit
the automobile traffic as well. I recall County Supervisor Simitian a number
of years ago, now 20 years ago, from the dais when they were discussing
bike initiatives. He was championing it, and his closest friend, Gary Fazzino,
said from the dais, "Joe, why the heck are you caring so much about bike
riders? You haven't ridden your bike in 20 years." He said, "Because Gary
every bike rider on the road is one less car I have to compete with and one
more parking space for me. I'm all for it". That's something that we often
lose sight of when we think in a narrow way in terms of how drivers benefit.
They benefit from every bike that formerly was a car. Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to associate my views with those of
Council Member Berman and also Mayor Burt.     I'll be supporting the
Substitute Motion.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'm still thinking about this. Here's sort of how I'm
thinking about it. The comments in the email campaign—by the way, most
of them are the same email, which is a "get this one, push and repeat"
thing. The ways I'm thinking about this. First of all, as Mr. Neff pointed out,
an expert biker is used to cycling down these stretches. I'm probably not as
expert a cyclist as Mr. Neff is, but I'm uncomfortable when cycling down
those things, especially in crossing over to get that lane. I think everybody
remembers there was a gentleman that was killed out on Page Mill on one of
these things where you've got to cross over the lane into the bike lane last
year. There was the white ghost bike up there for a long time. That one
seems to me to be on one side. I think people will bike down that stretch.
To the extent they get out of their cars, I think they will. I think a lot of
them will bike on the sidewalk. I think that's going to be the response.
That's on one side. The other side. I think the 2.5 seconds is significant at
an LOS of D. 2.5 seconds and an LOS of D, that would actually register as a
traffic impact in Menlo Park, because their standards are more stringent than
ours in Palo Alto on a construction project. I actually think that Palo Alto
should look at adopting Menlo Park's standards. It makes no sense to me

                                                                        Page 86 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
