                          TRANSCRIPT
Street, those were great additions that I hope continue. Just on a personal
level, I wanted to thank you for your advice and assistance as a first-year
Council Member. I really appreciated it. Thank you for caring and just
working so hard.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I've got to cozy back up to Tom. I particularly want
to call out something that Karen did this year and that I was supportive of
her in doing that, which was our new Healthy Communities and Healthy
Cities aim and our Resolution that is now in place. I know Karen has been
pushing this for a number of years. I came back on the Council and, as you
all know, health is one of my particular issues. We were able this year, with
Karen chairing it and me co-chairing, I think to bring it to fruition. We
intend to continue it. Karen, thank you for that. That was an important
initiative and, I think, one that is going to now be present in most cities and
also will be a part of the Comprehensive Plan, and an important part as we
think of our infrastructure and go forward, that we need this kind of thrust
toward health as well as we need a thrust toward all the other amenities that
we add to our Comprehensive Plan. Thanks Karen.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I'd like to echo the comments by Council
Member DuBois. As a first-year Council Member, I've appreciated your
counsel. You never steered me wrong. My thanks for that. Also, the
comments by former Planning Commissioner Arthur Keller, I think, were
completely on point. What you've done to manage a contentious, complex
year with diverse community and Council viewpoints and keep us together
has been quite remarkable and deserves repeated commendation. Also, the
example I think that you've set for each of us on Council, whether we're new
or veterans on the Council, and for everyone in the community by
demonstrating the importance of moral leadership should not be discounted.
Your focus on the homeless and others who are most at risk in our
community is something I personally appreciate. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I'd just like to share my comments. As Mayor,
Council Member Holman brought just great energy and ideas and initiatives
that I believe were fully embraced by the community. She also, as others
have mentioned, really provided leadership for the Council over the course
of the year to move toward a more shared vision that, I think, we've heard a
number of people speak about. This Council has come together around a set
of shared community values. I also want to emphasize Council Member
Holman's real dedication to fairness to not only all the members of the

                                                                         Page 16 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/4/16
