                         TRANSCRIPT
funding. There's nothing that precludes Finance from being asked to take up
some discussion of the BSR and different uses that could be used, even
during the course of this year. You can go ahead and adopt this budget.
That discussion could still take place.

Council Member DuBois: We're saying basically a minimum of 750, but it
could be more. Is that what you're saying?

Mr. Keene: I'm saying you would take the specific action right now, but—
you technically could set a policy for the BSR any time you would want or
move money out of the BSR into other funding sources at any time.

Mayor Burt: The simple answer to the question is yes, it could be more.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to replace Part B of the Motion with, “to refer to the Finance
Committee options for use of excess Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR)
funds above 18.5 percent towards the Capital Infrastructure Fund and
Section 115 Trust Fund.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I want to keep focus on the budget. As we're
voting for a 2017 budget, we're coming out of a year where our revenues,
our tax-based revenues, which are the most discretionary funds we have,
increased by probably over 10 percent. That's a unique year, a wonderful
year, a good year. That's why these issues we've been talking about,
HSRAP, giving some flexibility to the Planning Department, dealing with our
parking issues, should get funding that they need. These are important
issues the City is grappling with. To have them underfunded in such a good
revenue year just isn't right. I'm delighted to have these additions coming
in and the flexibility for our Planning Department. On the other hand,
there's still tough choices. Why? Because our expenditures have gone up
fairly dramatically. We've had a number of salary negotiations come out,
and we have been fairly generous in those salary negotiations, making up
for lost time for many people, also a competitive salary situation. The
salaries push benefits, and our unfunded liabilities are going up quite
dramatically. It's striking in the year 2017, we've done pretty well, but the
stock market has not. The money we have invested to cover our unfunded
liabilities has not gone up very much over the last couple of years. That's
something we should keep in mind. The other element is our infrastructure.
As the Mayor pointed out, we have done a wonderful job in dedicating
money, $129 million, to infrastructure projects around town, that are sorely
                                                                           Page 58 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
