                          TRANSCRIPT
and over again. You can drive around, walk around and you will see homes
that have no old wood left in them. What is left that's historic? We're losing
our soul, which really is kind of what Professorville is. It's where we started.
Just a couple of other comments here. Again, I think it was something you
put in writing, Mr. Akin. If we had Individual Review and HRB review
combined, at least we wouldn't be sending property owners to this place and
that place and that place for review and to get answers on what their project
is, whether that's with our current HRB or if it's a different entity or some
additional advisor at the HRB. I'm not trying to propose that. We're sending
people different places to get answers that are potentially in conflict with
each other. Let me see here. The other thing that I have with these
Standards. I thought the presentation was very good this evening. Where
the Secretary Standard was referenced, where it's stated here's the goal,
here's what we're proposing as part of these Guidelines and here's the
Secretary Standard support for that. Here's what we're matching; here's
what we're satisfying. That works well. That doesn't happen in these
Guidelines. I could say more, but I will—there are also—I don't know how
we're going to do this tonight. Also I will say there's some errors in the
maps.

Mayor Burt: Before continuing with colleagues, I think it might be good if
Staff can provide any clarifications that they may be able to on a few issues
that could help the rest of us. First, to what extent are these rules versus
guidelines? Second, what is the relationship between these Guidelines and
the Secretary of Interior Standards? Third, what really is both the situation
and any directions that Staff is moving on how to contend with review of
single-story structures in the District, either the replacement structures or
what standards you're using, if any, to consider whether to allow
replacement of the single-story structures? Any insights you can provide us
on any of those three would help our subsequent conversation.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the opportunity to respond. I'm going to kick
this off, and then Matt will pile on. First, I wanted to step back and say I
wasn't here in 2011, but I'm guessing that the Council at that time heard
comments, much like we heard this evening. Some comments saying there
needs to be more teeth in our preservation program, and others saying we
need to be respectful and not take away property rights. The result was—
we've now studied the Council's Motion from 2011 carefully—a request to do
several things, which Matt covered in his presentation. The request included
the preparation of Guidelines to serve as a tool for Staff and for the public.
That's what we've attempted to do here. They did not request that Staff
amend the IR Guidelines, adjust the regulatory framework for preservation
or any of the things which are not precluded by this evening's action. We're
really requesting the Council's adoption of a set of Guidelines that we think
                                                                         Page 71 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
