                         TRANSCRIPT
analyzed or discussed at the Ad Hoc Committee and an even narrower set of
options would come to Council. From my perspective, that's happened. I'm
not going to go into all the other options there are, whether it's parking
meters or whether it's increasing the cost of permits in the parking garages.
A lot of residents have sent me ideas that they have on ways that we can
raise money to provide more funding for the Transportation Management
Association. I would like Council to have a robust discussion of all of those
options. I think it's important for Council and the community and the
business community to take a look at the full set of revenue-generating
options that exist and then go through them and decide what makes the
most sense. Maybe it's a combination of a few depending on the resources
that can be raised or maybe it's just one and maybe it's the head tax. I
don't know that, because I haven't been a part of that conversation and
neither has the business community. The first Committee meeting was on
March 24th. Today's June 27th. What is that? Three months, a little more
than three months, which is a very abbreviated process, going back to
Former Mayor Kleinberg's point, for the Palo Alto process. I wasn't on
Council when Council tried to pass a business license tax. Was it 2009?
That failed because different impacts on different sectors of the business
industry weren't discussed up front, and then the whole thing kind of failed
due to the lack of early analysis that was conducted. I don't have the
comfortability that that conversation has occurred at the Council level or
with the business community in identifying the impacts on the different
industries that exist in Palo Alto. I also have concerns. I haven't gone back
and read the Minutes. When we passed the Business Registry—I co-wrote
the Colleagues' Memo to create the Business Registry.           Obviously, no
guarantees were made, but there were comments made to kind of alleviate
concerns of the business community that this was not going to pivot
immediately to a business license tax or a similar type purpose. I feel like
that is kind of what we're doing in so quickly discussing and possibly moving
towards a head tax. I also think that we have a lot of work to do to perfect
or just improve the data that we get back from the Business Registry. I
think that needs to be a serious focus of Staff. We've been losing Staff that
would be focused on that, which makes it that much more challenging. Until
we can do that, until we really have accurate data, I just think that needs to
be our number one priority right now for the Business Registry. Thank you,
Charles, for—we worked together on the Infrastructure Committee Transiet
Occupancy Tax (TOT) increase and the parcel tax for the School District six
years ago. This isn't meant to be an indictment on your efforts. An email to
the business community with a survey is not outreach to the business
community. You did what you could with the timeframe you had obviously,
but we as a Council need to make sure that there's much more outreach to
the business community and an opportunity for them to really engage in the
process, help identify and evaluate solutions and come up with—hopefully be
                                                                        Page 73 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
