                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Second question also just to clarify the motion.
In the Staff recommendation on packet page 243, Staff Report page 2, there
was a Part C, not to be confused with Attachment C, of the recommendation
to authorize the City Manager to execute an agreement with terms
substantially similar to those in Attachment D. Would it be helpful to Staff if
that was included in the motion?

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. We're not quite ready for
that, because we haven't provided you with Attachment D. That's the item
that we're still working on, and we hope to come back on your second
reading of these ordinances.

Council Member Wolbach:        We do not need to give you any further
authorization to continue to work on that?

Ms. Stump: I think it's clear that the Council hopes that we continue to
work on it, and that we are successful in resolving it.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me briefly also just lend my voice also to
those who said thank you to both the members of the neighborhood and also
to CPI and their representatives for working closely with each other and with
Staff. Obviously a difficult issue, a tricky issue for all of us. Finding some
level of conciliatory resolution is great to see. I hope we can wrap this up.
Thank you, everybody, for coming to the table and having these difficult
discussions and being willing to consider a healthy compromise.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Add my voice to the negotiating skills of Staff and
also the patience of both CPI and certainly the neighbors. It's been a long
haul. A couple of questions, if I could, for Staff. A couple or three questions
actually. One is why five as opposed to two? Can you clarify that? Why 5
years as opposed to 2 years? If you can clarify that or explain that.

Ms. Gitelman: The 5 additional years in the proposed ordinance would
essentially bring this amortization schedule into conformance with the
minimum of 15 years that's in that provision of the existing ordinance that
Council Member Schmid referred to. Or was it Council Member DuBois?

Council Member Holman: Is there an escalating factor? I don't remember
reading an escalating factor if there's a release. In other words, it's kind of
an incentive to make CPI do even more due diligence to make sure there is
no incident. Nothing's 100 percent foolproof or fail proof, but is there an
escalating factor that we might consider in the ordinance?

                                                                         Page 35 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/29/16
