                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I have a few questions. When Council Member Holman was
asking about whether the findings are all of the findings that need to be met,
I think your response was something to the effect that we currently interpret
it that way. I guess this is more directed perhaps to our legal Staff. Is it
clear that the findings are all findings must be met? Is that clear that that's
the intent?

Ms. Silver: I think Council Member Holman was talking about it in the
context of context based findings. Are you referring to the ARB findings?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead, Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: To be clear—thank you. To be clear, for me it's
both. I have some recommendations when we come to Motions.

Mayor Burt: Both meaning the context findings and all of the findings? Is
that what you mean by both?

Council Member Holman: Yes, indeed.

Mayor Burt: My reference would include the context, but it actually is about
all findings.

Ms. Silver: I think with the ARB findings, because we've had 16 or so
findings in the past, there are certainly some findings for a particular project
that are not applicable. It's very common in Record of Land Use Action
when we're addressing a finding that's not applicable, we will say this finding
is not applicable. The answer is no, we don't apply findings that are not
applicable.

Mayor Burt: That brings up an interesting subset. There are some that may
not simply apply. Others that apply but a project doesn't meet. For
instance, going forward we have a project; we have six findings and five of
them apply, and the project meets four of the five. Under our intent of this
ordinance, can that project be approved if it only meets four of the five
applicable findings?

Ms. Silver: No. Under the intent, it would not. It might be that we could
clarify that in this updated ordinance to make that crystal clear.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. Next, under Finding Number 2 on the second line, it
goes the project has a unified and coherent design and creates an internal
sense of order and desirable environment for occupants, visitors and the
general community. Does that mean that we're referring to the face of the
project to the community or is it somehow referring to—I don't think this is

                                                                          Page 14 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
