                          TRANSCRIPT
14.     PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Approving Revisions to
        the Architectural Review Findings in Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter
        18.76 and Approval of an Exemption Under Sections 15061 and 15305
        of the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Guidelines. The
        Planning and Transportation Commission Recommended Council
        Approval of the Ordinance (Continued from September 12, 2016)
        STAFF REQUESTS THIS ITEM BE CONTINUED TO A DATE UNCERTAIN.

This Agenda Item continued to a date uncertain.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Now we can go onto Intergovernmental Legislative Affairs and
Council Member Questions, Comments, Deletions. I'm sorry, but I was
looking for my Creek JPA materials to report out. I don't know if I tossed
them. I'll go off memory. Mr. Shikada reported out on the retreat of the
San Francisquito Creek Joint Power Authority. It was actually the first one
we've had in two years. One of the things that—we basically for the
upstream projects have—we don't have a firm dollar number. The tentative
dollar number is 18 million plus change. This is for what we've been calling
the 50-year flood protection, meaning that it would replace the bridges at
Pope-Chaucer and Newell. It would address a series of choke points in the
existing creek. Basically it would optimize the flow capacity of the existing
creek. The 100-year flood protection project is the one that would require
other measures of either upstream detention, a bypass or flood walls or
some combination of those things. We're going to have an EIR that will look
at those different alternatives. We actually—this last year, the Santa Clara
Valley Water District hydrologists had new information in part understanding
more thoroughly the benefits that (inaudible) provides on staggering the
water flows. They now believe that our '98 event was a 60-year event.
Basically the project that we're looking for is to protect against an event that
has a 1:60 chance of occurring in any given year. We call it a 60-year
event. That's the project that we're aiming to have enough local dollars and
most likely without Corps of Engineers dollars to accomplish and to get going
on it as soon as possible. We're commencing the environmental analysis in
the coming months. One of the things that became apparent to me that I
raised on Saturday and we'll now be thinking about is even within that
project is there any advantage to sequencing it. One of the line items is
nearly $3 million for the inlet feeding into West Bayshore. As you may
recall, we've got $40-plus million for the downstream project. We have in

                                                                        Page 118 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
