                          TRANSCRIPT
about what's important, and about what's worth saving. We know that loss
is permanent and change isn't always improvement. We know that young
people are the future, and we want them to have a world that is at least not
worse than the one we grew up in. Instead of dismissing the opinions of
retired people, we'd do better to respect them and value the perspective
that decades of experience provides. Eichlers were built for big families with
kids. Some insist they are now inadequate because times have changed.
Yes, times have changed, and they will change again. The belief that a
bathroom should be the size of a bedroom and a bedroom the size of a living
room is giving way to the realization that compact houses are easier to care
for and nicer to live in. I certainly want children in my neighborhood. I also
want them to have what I had growing up in an Eichler, a yard where no one
but my own family could see me and a house open to that yard. A single
two-story house will deprive many of that experience. Architectural fashions
are always changing, but there is good reason for the enthusiasm for mid-
century modern design. It is a style that recognizes something eternal in
our species, the need for contact with the natural world, a need now
recognized as essential to well-being.         A neighborhood of single-story
Eichlers satisfies this need.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I'm sorry.

Ms. Thiemann: One with even a few two-story houses will deprive many
people of that pleasure.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Paul Gilman.

Paul Gilman: We live at 3476 Greer Road. We are in favor of SSO. We
have no blinds on our windows. We can sit on our side patio and in our
backyard without anyone looking down on us. We can see the sky from
inside our house. We love our physical privacy. Increasingly we feel we are
losing our digital privacy to hackers and the Federal government. Experts
warn hackers will someday take away our access to electricity, to our own
money and control appliances in our homes. On many sides of our lives, we
feel our privacy is being challenged. However, on the no side we sincerely
sympathize with those who need more space in their home. For the first 17
years of our marriage, we rented small apartments and houses, moving five
times with four young children when we couldn't afford the rent increase.
When approached by the no side, we could understand the value of sensible
and creative design guidelines that could allow for a partial second story that
somehow preserves the privacy of neighbors. We have a bedroom above
our garage, added by a previous owner, where one of our parents lived in
his old age. We understand and sympathize with both sides. With all the


                                                                        Page 47 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
