                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Just a couple of questions. I
just want to make sure that I understand what you said a minute ago and a
little bit earlier correctly. The way we got to this point is there's a plan. We
took a bunch of samples and we discovered there's a toxic plume down here.
The remediation for that is move some houses over here and do some other
stuff. That looks like it'll fix it. The neighbors went out, and they did some
of their testing across the street. The reason the remediation will work is
because we're making certain assumptions about the soil and the mobility of
the vapors through it and so forth. The neighbors went and did some of
their own samples. They said, "Wait a second. We're seeing this stuff over
here where it's not supposed to be; therefore, your assumptions about how
much there is and what the transmissibility through the soil. Therefore, we
need to revisit this issue over here on 1601 California. If I understand what
I think I heard you say, it's no. Our data on 1601 California is still good. If
you've discovered stuff across the street and if it is related to the plume
that's under 1601 California, that's an issue we need to deal with across the
street, but it doesn't impact anything that we measured on the site itself. Is
that right?

Mr. Piros: Yes.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. The other question is just to what Cory
asked a minute ago. I think he's asking if you foresee any circumstance,
based on what we find across the street and whether it's related to this,
where we might want to come back and dig a great big hole on 1601
California, but we can't because there's houses in the way. I think you said
no.

Mr. Piros: I'm sorry. I'm not sure I understand what you said about digging
a great big hole.

Council Member Filseth:        His question about the modified design and
remediation, if I understand it right, is do you foresee any circumstance,
based on what we find across the street and so forth, you might come back
and say, "We need to dig a big hole in 1601 California in order to get rid of
this stuff," but we can't because we built a lot of houses on top of it. You
don't think that's likely to happen?

Mr. Piros: I don't foresee that. Usually, if you're going to dig excavation,
you have a very significant contaminant source. Like I said, even though
we're above screening levels, you're probably not talking massive
contaminants. The short answer to your question is no, I don't foresee that
we'd need to be digging a great big hole.


                                                                          Page 53 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
