                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I agree.

Ms. Stump: That's helpful clarification. I think what we would be doing is—I
did want to amplify my earlier comments about the Business and
Professional Association. It certainly is a contractor to the City, but it also
is, as the speaker discussed, in a sense a grassroots organization that's
grown up out of the business community. I didn't wish to slight that aspect
of its function. I think what we would do is use the next few weeks certainly
to consult with them, to come back to the Council perhaps with a
recommendation that you go ahead and issue the levy for next year, but
that there be some work that's planned out to address some of these
concerns with the potential for modifications the following year.

Mayor Burt: The contract potentially could be done in the next—those
changes could be done in the next 30 days, right?

Ms. Stump: Potentially.

Mr. Keene: We'd be coming back June 27th, was the thought.

Mayor Burt: I would hope that "B" could be addressed in the next 30 days
with an understanding that "A" and "C" probably will not be able to be.

Ms. Stump: Yeah. Recalling that the Council's Agenda publication means
that that's a week from Thursday, so it's more like 10 days Staff work to
address that, but we'll make an effort.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to offer a Friendly Amendment, also within
the timeframe of looking at it for next year, to consider evaluating the
boundaries of the BID to maybe align with another Downtown boundary such
as the Parking Assessment District.

Mayor Burt: That'd be fine.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “evaluate the boundaries of
the BID to align with other Downtown boundaries.” (new Part D)

Ms. Stump: Just to note for the Council, that one is probably quite a bit like
Item Number A, somewhat more complex.


                                                                           Page 28 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
