                          TRANSCRIPT
lower job number. In this case we've articulated this idea of regulating
employment densities, the idea of a growth limit, the idea of converting
some commercial FAR to residential FAR. We're not going to be able to
analyze each one of those potential techniques in any specificity. When
those individual techniques are developed and the zoning changes that
follow the Comprehensive Plan Update, we'll have to ensure that the impacts
of those policy changes have been adequately addressed. We couldn't
possibly analyze ...

Mayor Burt: Let's go for a moment—taking as a given that this EIR won't be
able to go into the detailed specifics of analysis of each of these different
measure, take the other extreme. If they aren't looking at these measures
in any meaningful way, what's the point of this exercise? My assumption is
there's some degree to which they're going to look at these measures, that
hopefully is moderately meaningful. Otherwise, they can't offer us the
collective impact of these measures. These are building blocks that the
consultant would be using with varying degrees of specifics on different
measures. I'd want the analysis to be transparent about the degree they're
able to have meaningful information about the impact of a measure. Just
having a consultant say, "I can't show you what I did, but in the end I came
up with this," if that's all we're going to get, I have real difficulty with this
whole exercise.      I'm willing to accept a consultant saying, "Here's
approximately the accuracy that we can use at this point in time for a given
measure," with a significant qualifier saying each of these would go into
much greater depth if they're actually implemented. I need to know more
than what I understood you to be describing about what we'd get.

Ms. Gitelman: Let me try and approach this two different ways. I thought
your word transparency was a good one. It's not just that we want to be
transparent about our analysis. In this sense, I mean our analysis of
scenarios with the quantitative measures and the infrastructure choices that
we assign to them. We want to be transparent in terms of the policy options
that we're considering in order to achieve those results. In that sense, the
scenarios are as descriptive as they are analytical. I think we would like the
scenarios to describe policy measures that are under consideration, even if
they never make into the final Plan. Whatever is being considered as part of
this bookended approach, we would like to mention them as part of the
rationale for the scenario numbers that we've decided on. To explain it
another way, let me go back to Council Member Holman's comment about
the traditional approach. The traditional approach, we wouldn't have started
the EIR. We'd still be working on the Comp Plan. We started in 2008; here
we are in 2016. We probably have another year to go. We'd get a draft
Comp Plan that Council would debate for a while. You'd say this is really
what we want to do. We can't adopt it, because we need to do an EIR.
                                                                          Page 53 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
