                          TRANSCRIPT
problem that we need to look at and the basis for your belief that there's a
problem?

Council Member Holman: Personal observation indicates that. I also have
neighbors that have called me over the last three or four years particularly—
I would say maybe five years—that point me to properties that are
undergoing "renovation" or "restoration." They point me to them. There's a
house right now on Kingsley that's a little bit different situation. The house
was picked up after a basement was built.              The house is basically
demolished. It's a different situation. It's isn't a dismantling. It's a
demolition. Different situation. It's personal observation and because
people point me to them. I could take you around to a number of them.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did ask Staff to just respond briefly to that before we
...

Ms. Gitelman: I think Council Member Holman has brought forward a few
examples in the last six months or so. There is a conversation we could
have about the coordination between our two departments and the handoff
that happens, when changes have to happen in the field, how one
department circles back with another or doesn't. There is an issue there
that warrants discussion. I don't know that it's a Council-level or a policy
decision more than just departments coordinating better. Certainly adding
explicit definitions to the regulations that we work with could help that. Just
bringing forward that conversation might force this coordination to occur.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Director Gitelman just kind of covered one thing
that I was going to mention. It sounds like also just needing to make sure
that the inspector is, as I'm sure they are, doing a thorough job and making
sure that the claims made by the developer and the architect are valid. I'm
not an architect or a developer, so I wouldn't know. Somebody going out
there and doing an investigation should hopefully ameliorate the concerns
that exist in the community. Is this going to go through the Architectural
Review Board (ARB)? What's the process for this?

Ms. Gitelman: I think this Motion suggests that we would come back to
Council for an initial discussion and direction, and then we would craft an
Ordinance that would go to the Planning and Transportation Commission and
back to the City Council.
                                                                        Page 73 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
