                         TRANSCRIPT
2.   Acknowledgement of Recipients of Mayor's “Green Business Leader
     Award."

Mayor Burt: Our next item is acknowledgement of recipients of the Mayor's
Green Business Leader Award. Josh, would you like to come forward and
kick things off in any way? I can make my ...

Joshua Wallace, Utilities Department: We would, of course, like to thank
you all for coming for the Mayor's Green Business Award. Really glad to
have a full house here and a full stack of plaques to give out tonight. Very
proud of this year's turnout. I know that Mayor Burt is going to be talking in
some greater detail about the numbers. The big takeaway is that we've got
a very enthusiastic and very successful energy efficiency community here.
Everybody should be very proud of all the work they've done.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. The City of Palo Alto of supports energy efficiency
and sustainability for all of our residents and businesses. The City Council
initiated the Mayor's Green Business Leader Award in 2012, and the award
supports and rewards local businesses that not only talk the talk, but walk
the walk in supporting our community and our environment. This award is
given to business owners and managers who have worked to improve the
energy efficiency of their buildings. The Environmental Protection Agency
Portfolio Manager Program allows building owners to benchmark their
buildings against similar facilities in similar climates across the U.S. For
those businesses that work to benchmark their buildings' energy efficiency
and compare it to others, our hats are off to all of you. Very efficient
buildings become an Energy Star certified facility. Energy Star certified
buildings on average use 35 percent less energy and are responsible for 35
percent less greenhouse gas emissions. In Palo Alto, those buildings that
received Energy Star certification in the last year we consider you to be
2015 Green Business Leaders. Congratulations to all of you. I think at this
time we're going to ask the recipients to come forward one at a time.

Mr. Wallace: Allow me to ask you, Mr. Mayor, to come down so we can hand
out the plaques and have a photograph. We'll have all of the recipients
along the wall, and then we'll take a group photo. Thank you, Mr. Mayor, for
your help with all of this.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say first that 30 Palo Alto buildings qualified for the
Energy Star rating in 2015. This is up from six in 2014. These award-
winning buildings represent over 2.3 million square feet of energy-efficient
floor space in Palo Alto. They are contemporary, high-tech buildings right
alongside buildings from the 1920s. From a regional perspective, Palo Alto's
30 Energy Star-rated buildings make up one-third of the San Jose metro

                                                                        Page 2 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
