                           TRANSCRIPT
Then take that as the first steps, and then general direction about what the
next five to 15 years might look like.

Mayor Burt: Before we have an opportunity for questions from Council and
then hearing from the public, this all spoke about our Climate Action Plan.
This is our Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. I want to make sure that
we're not treating the one as if it's synonymous with the other.

Mr. Friend: Thank you for making that clear.

Mayor Burt: Sustainability really is the superset. Climate action in today's
world is a very dominant set of what sustainability is about, but we haven't
really even talked about what defines sustainability, nor what are the major
dimensions of sustainability, and then how they relate to climate action.
Just to kind of get people thinking about this, if we think about water and it's
dimension and sustainability, it not only is critical in and of itself, but it
intersects with all these dimensions.       We have water as an essential
resource for our survival directly; as the driving force for our food supply; as
nearly 50 percent of our clean electricity, carbon-free electricity supply; and
with climate change as a threat from flooding and sea level rise. It's a
climate impact as well. If we didn't have climate change as probably the
greatest challenge of our era, we would still have water as a critical
sustainability issue. Similar arguments can be made around transportation.
Transportation is the largest single, certainly remaining component of our
carbon emissions, but it's a sustainability issue independent of its carbon
impacts, not to mention its air pollution. It's a quality of life and an ability to
sustain quality of life issue. Before we go down a path of ...

Mr. Friend: If I could, I would just add to that there's also the natural
environment, our open space, our ecosystems, our soils, our biological
resources, and yes, other things we could add to this list. Thank you for
calling that out.

Mayor Burt: I brought up those two because this presentation really didn't
talk about sustainability other than the portion of it and the major portion
that is around climate impacts. Gil, why don't we take a moment and make
sure that we calibrate the discussion around what this is titled, which is our
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan, and a reminder that we have a
foundation of a Sustainability Plan that was, I think, officially adopted in '03
that went through a two year process leading up to that. I want to make
sure that we look at both of these, in their own dimensions and how they
intersect with one another.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, may I just add to both of your
comments? I think those are good points. I think it's going to be very
                                                                           Page 57 of 113
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/25/16
