                          TRANSCRIPT
hardly any attempt in that short period of time to—there's not time for that
big of an outreach to try to re-rent the space as retail. I said earlier that I
think there are all kinds of purposes that this space could accommodate.
Industrial space, I look at this building as being industrial space with the
roll-up doors and the concrete block construction. It's highly sought out in
other communities. We haven't done that. We haven't been creative
enough to try to use that kind of space for really creative uses. I started
mentioning earlier Big Daddy, Architectural Salvage, Turner and Martin,
those kinds of design firms that could be design and gift sales. Turner and
Martin was priced out of Downtown. It could be a plant nursery and a
garden store combined. It could be an art gallery. There are all kinds of
things that those spaces could be used for. If I were owning that property,
I'd be working closely with the owners of the Anthropologie building to
create an environment there, to absolutely create an environment there that
would be a destination place and something that the community could
support and embrace. I'm not persuaded that a real attempt has been made
to reach out, to try to get the kinds of uses there that would actually be
attracted to that kind of space. Again, I went online and all I saw was just
it's posted. There's no creative attempt to attract a maker kind of retail
space or anything else like I've tried to mention. That's why I'm supporting
the Director's determination.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois. I do want to caution us against
asserting privileged claims of fact that we as a body don't have and that
we're not giving the applicant an opportunity to respond to in that regard.
We should be cautious about something like that.

Council Member Holman: Actually I'm responding to the applicant.

Council Member DuBois: For 100 Addison and for retail in general, part of
the key question is what's a taking versus diminution in value based on retail
rents instead of office rents. If we allow office rents to be considered as the
basis for a taking, then the Ordinance is entirely meaningless. We know
office rents are higher than retail rents. Anyone can make this argument for
an exemption. The economic hardship analysis that was provided showed a
lost opportunity cost based on office rent. Again, while I think it was a
creative approach, it kind of flies in the face of the ordinance. I don't think
there should be an expectation of the same rents as an office or even the
same rents as Downtown.          I think the reason we put the temporary
ordinance in place is still there. It's a detriment to the neighborhood. The
ordinance itself says it impacts the public welfare, and I think that's still
true. This is an Interim Ordinance, and it expires in six months. Based on
the Staff Report, it looks like more of a desire not to comply. I didn't see a
lot of evidence in the report of marketing for retail. Saying its unsuitable for
                                                                        Page 90 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
