                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: The reference you said was to—what'd you say?
I'm sorry. You said the first reference was to what? I'm sorry. Not to
coordinated area plans or—what was the other thing?

Ms. French: The Context Based Design Criteria. Those are not specifically
cited in the Findings that are on the City's website right now. That's been
part of this whole effort to specifically refer to the Context Based Design
Criteria in our Findings. Likewise, to refer to compatibility requirement
which say all of the things that you had proposed to go into Finding 2.
That's why they're referred to in Finding 1.         Likewise, in Finding 2,
compatible with its setting, people wonder what compatible means. We
have a great example in the Sofa II guidelines we can send people to in an
urban setting. This is what that means.

Council Member Holman: You're going to assure me that the Context Based
Design Criteria, because they're now referred to in these Findings to the
ARB, are going to assure that the items that the Council passed, that are on
Page 312, are going to be followed?

Mr. Lait: What we're saying is that projects that go before the Architectural
Review Board would be subject to the Findings as amended by the Council
on Packet Page 305 for projects that are subject to the Context Based
Criteria. Those would also be evaluated as they are today for compliance
with the Context Based Standards.

Council Member Holman: That doesn't really get to my question. What I'm
saying is do the Context Based Criteria, would compliance with those if they
are now referenced as they are in these Findings, is following an adhering to
the Context Based Design Criteria going to result in projects that satisfy in
the Motion to B, C and D?

Mr. Lait: B, C and D—this language on Packet Page 312 is directly taken
from the SOFA II standards. Part of the Council's Motion was to Staff to look
at the standard and assess some changes. We came to the conclusion—the
Council's welcome to come to a different conclusion—that rather than pick
the language from the SOFA II and apply it Citywide, these modifications
that we've proposed and went through the ARB and PTC with appropriately
captured the wide variety of projects that the ARB looks at. Those projects
that require greater scrutiny, such as in SOFA II or where there's Context
Based Design Criteria would still have their standards that they would be
applied to.

Council Member Holman: I'm still not hearing an answer to my question. If
you have a project on University Avenue and you have to satisfy the Context
Based Design Criteria, are we going to result in projects that conform to 2B,
                                                                      Page 87 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/12/16
