                          TRANSCRIPT
and then we undermine community spirit by pitting neighbor against
neighbor for relief from abuse. A solution is readily available in adjacent
College Terrace, where resident permit parking has worked for years. The
same sources of the on-street parking that exist there exist in Evergreen
Park and Southgate with very few differences.           That program can be
expanded to us. Evergreen Park and Southgate can opt in block by block
using existing rules. Annexation is cheap. Why spend to create a new
program in every different neighborhood in the City? We don't have that
kind of money. We've got a successful one; let's use it. Annexation is
cooperative. It leaves enough to go around to other neighborhoods instead
of hogging them to deal with the single neighborhood. Finally, I want to say
that this is really an issue of fairness. If you want cost recovery, up the cost
of permits in the business district. Those are the people who are imposing
the cost. The economist on the Council will tell you that externalized costs
are the bane of free market economics. They are patent unfairness; they're
why we have an environmental problem; they're why we have many of our
social problems. You guys are allowing them wholesale by not putting
resident permit parking all over Palo Alto. Would the people who approve of
what I just said please stand. I want to thank you for listening. I know I
was not as delicate as I sometimes am. I hope you understand that after
years and years of putting up with this, I feel some passion about it. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Irene, and I can't make out the last name,
to be speaking for Bradley Horowitz [phonetic], Chi Won Ow [phonetic] and
Susan Spangler [phonetic] and Elizabeth Parada [phonetic].

Irene August, speaking for five people: Hi. I would like to share with you a
visual diary of what the parking situation looks like in Evergreen Park.
These photos were taken on Friday, April 29th, at 11:00 A.M. which is
typically a slow day compared to most other days. Each photo here
corresponds to a block in Evergreen Park, and I've labeled every intersection
and drawn an arrow corresponding to its location on the map. You can see
that every block is full. All these photos are geotagged and date and time
stamped, so you can look at these on your own at this URL:
tinyurl.com/epcantpark. There's a QR code here for you too in case you
can't type in the URL. In this photo album there are several videos where
you can see cars trolling through neighborhood looking for parking, even
though this footage was captured in a short period of time. Karen Holman
asked about Evergreen Park versus Southgate. College Avenue is filled with
apartment buildings and multi-residential properties. You can't just count
the number of streets; you have to look at the number of people living in
this neighborhood. There are far more people living in Evergreen Park than
Southgate. These buildings accommodate one covered parking space per
                                                                         Page 80 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
