                          TRANSCRIPT
lot of comments about the wordiness and some things were (inaudible).
Again, I could envision a process where we see a draft, we give you
comments, you polish it up, and it comes back to Council. There might be a
process where it doesn't go to the CAC and then back to Council. I'm a little
bit worried about getting stuck in an editing loop with changes going from
both groups. The overall impact is—at least for myself, I'm more worried
about the quality of the product and the timeline. If we need to extend the
schedule, we should figure that out.

Mr. Dennis: If I could speak to that. That would be wonderful direction,
because we are—as I've said in the past—still running under the assumption
that we sticking to the CAC concluding its work at the end of this year. If
that is no longer the goal of this body, then we'd like to know that now
instead of trying to—right now, we're stuffing a lot of new meetings in a
limited amount of time. That would be helpful.

Council Member DuBois: There's kind of two parts to it. Again, take my last
comments about polishing edits, you could wrap up CAC at one point in
time, and then we could still be looking at second drafts of things in a
further timeline even. That's kind of two questions. Overall for me, it's more
about quality than meeting the date.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. That's good for us to know. It'd be interesting to
know if the rest of the Council feels similarly. You look at this whole
schedule, we did set this up so the CAC's work would be done in this
calendar year. In the first part of next year, this Council would review all
the work products again. That's when you would look at the revised and re-
edited and simplified version based on your prior direction.

Council Member DuBois: Just a last comment. I am concerned about that
prioritization process. I think last time you said we'd get the entire Comp
Plan and to the prioritization. If we could split that up, that would be better.

Mayor Burt:    I see the Co-Chairs have approached the mike.             I wasn't
serious.

Arthur Keller, CAC Co-Chair: We took you as serious. Firstly, Council
Member DuBois' comments are very important. If we want to keep to the
schedule of finishing the bulk of our work by 2016 and considering the
number of iterations we're going on—it seems to be more than we
expected—then we would have to least increase the number of meetings.
That's an issue with the current resources of Staff and also with the
expectations of the CAC. I'll just take the opportunity to make one other
comment. One of the pieces of feedback from the Council at the meeting
where we discussed the Community Services Element, the nature of that
                                                                          Page 86 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
