                         TRANSCRIPT
place to run operations for the shuttle with Staff support rather than being
primarily Staff-led.  With that, I'll offer a couple of hopefully friendly
amendments. Actually, I guess the funding I was going to recommend has
already been taken care of. The first amendment would be—maybe we
should just do them one at a time—establish a Council Member liaison to the
TMA to be appointed by the Mayor.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine with me.

Council Member Kniss: Sure.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “establish a Council Liaison
to PATMA to be appointed by the Mayor.” (New Part A)

Council Member Wolbach: I had also to direct Staff and the TMA to explore
the possibility of outsourcing operations of the Palo Alto free shuttle to the
TMA.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What is that? Direct Staff to explore? What exactly
would you want Staff to do on that? Staff could explore it and decide
against it or Staff could explore ...

Council Member Wolbach:           To explore and bring back to Council
considerations and the possibility of outsourcing the free shuttle to the TMA.

Vice Mayor Scharff: How about have Staff ...

Council Member Kniss: That's too ambitious.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm open to (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm going to say if it's—when is the shuttle stuff coming
to us?

Mr. Mello: I think we're shooting for November now. We're waiting for the
results of the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) study to gel
a little bit more.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm fine with it coming back even as part of that
discussion in November.

Mayor Burt: I can say that we can explore various alternatives when it
comes back. I would just say I think that's overly ambitious and really
putting a potential load on the TMA. That is not their area of expertise

                                                                            Page 80 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
