                          TRANSCRIPT
to the same degree, at the same rate that the residential does. I think that
there were arguments made for even lower turnover on the commercial.
We're going to test that and see the effect that it has. If I may about the
police services. I just want to note that we did work extensively with the
Police Department to produce that cost allocation. It doesn't reflect my
firm's opinion of what's going on. It's our coordination with the Police
Department, their assessment of calls for service or incident-type data by
the locations that it occurs. We agreed after the Finance Committee to go
back and speak with the Fire Department a little bit more. I think it may be
based on your comments, the Police Department as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm trying to figure out what I'm supposed to use this
fiscalization of land use study for. What I would assume I'd use it for was is
in saying to myself, if we lower job growth, is that going to have an effect on
our budget and we have more residents. What came out of that was that if
we have more residents, we'll have more money in the budget. If we lower
job growth, we'll have nominally. Yes, it's not a huge number; it's $67
million. First of all, that just didn't seem like the right conclusion to draw
out of all that. It seemed like the numbers were wrong, and I thought it had
to do a lot with the Police Department. I think it has to do with the way you
allocate retail and not breakdown ... Obviously, the more retail we have and
more regional center, you draw people from out of the City, the more money
you make. That's one of our drivers. If we do rental housing for instance,
that turns over, I would assume, much more like a commercial building. If
you own an apartment complex, you're going to not sell it based on
Proposition (Prop) 13, similar to owning an office building. That's just
intuitive; I may be wrong on that. That seems different than a condo
project; whereas, individuals would have condos.            I think it's more
complicated than that. When I looked at the rest of the stuff, most of the
City services that we spend are in response to residents, not in (inaudible).
Public Works was another one. We took the Public Works budget—this didn't
make any sense to me—and we said businesses drive 56 percent of the
Public Works projects because it's trip generation on roads and its 40
percent residents. The Public Works budget is much more than just the
roads that we're doing. It just didn't seem the right way to allocate the
Public Works budget. I am just wondering what useful information came out
of that Fiscal Study that would inform me on the Comp Plan. I don't really
think there was any, that I can point to, that was useful in saying what we
should do. It struck me that the drivers of this stuff are you want to have
more Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT). If you want more money, you want
more TOT, more auto dealerships, things that drive sales tax and you want
to turn over your existing property as much as possible. You did point out—
that was one useful thing—that the amount we actually build doesn't create
that much new property taxes compared to the turnover from Prop 13. Was
                                                                           Page 76 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
