                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: To begin with, thank you. This is an incredibly—I
can't think of—robust, yes. As someone said, this is the Wikipedia of dealing
with how we deal with our greenhouse gas reduction in the future. I know
it's taken a good deal of time and effort and so forth. I have a couple of
questions that deal with what I didn't see in here, but I know must be in
here somewhere. Help me out with it. Because I serve on our Clean Air
Board, I always look for things that deal with air. One of the things that
deals with air in particular is compost. We had a long discussion at my
meeting this morning about that. Compost in terms of when it is producing
gases that are unpleasant to smell, which is something that's been
happening in the Bay Area. Could you start with the air and the air quality
and so forth and where I would see it in here and did I just miss it?

Mr. Friend: Council Member Kniss, we didn't address air quality explicitly in
here, because it's covered by so many other activities and jurisdictions
already under way. Certainly many if not most of the greenhouse gas
mitigating measures that we talk about here are reducing combustion in
general, having a beneficial effect on air quality. Betty, would you care to
add anything to that?

Betty Seto, DNV GL Group: I would add that related to a lot of the mobility
measures, taking cars off the road and electric vehicles, I think that's
another important area where, as Gil mentioned, we didn't call out criteria
air pollutants, but that's an important co-benefit that we could certainly call
out more explicitly in the draft.

Council Member Kniss: I'd really like to see that called out. At the Air
Board, we really spend hours on that. In particular, we were dealing with
stationary sources this morning. Diesel is an enormous problem as you
know, a public health problem. Especially lately I'd been surprised how
much trouble we're having with composting and with attempting to do
different mixes with compost. San Jose right now is having a major problem
with their facility. I think we should include it in here. Perhaps it's just my
own perception and how I see this, but I value that blue sky a lot. I think
including something in here about how we preserve it long term is
important, at least to me.

Mr. Friend: Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: The same with the compost. I did see your
composting, and I'm sorry that I didn't pull this one right out. Maybe you
can tell me what page the composting is on so I could ask you another
question about that. No one could not say that this is thorough. I circled it
earlier, and I must tell you I can't find it right now.

                                                                         Page 22 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
