                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Second, on the in-lieu fees for the affordable housing. If we
were to consider allowing in-lieu instead of housing onsite—I have two
questions. One, the rates that—we have our current rates and we have in
process a review of the in-lieu rates. Can you share with us whether the
new rates would apply?

Mr. Lait: It would be based on when the applicant paid the fees. Right now,
it's based on when the property is sold. We'd have to have that information.
The Council may be adopting fees sooner than that, so the new fees could
be the standard by which the ...

Mayor Burt: I want to get a sense of the timing.

Mr. Lait: We're going to the Finance Committee tomorrow, and we hope to
come back to the Council, I think, after your break. We're going to go to the
Planning Commission during the Council break.

Mayor Burt: The fee determination is based on what action on the project?
Which fees, whether it's the old fees or the new fees.

Mr. Lait: Cara's saying it's at the time of permit issuance or building permit
issuance. We're probably a year or so out from that.

Mayor Burt: That, I think, is the answer to my question. If the new fee
structure is coming to the Finance Committee tomorrow, after Council
vacation I assume we'd be seeing it shortly thereafter. That should be well
ahead of the timeframe in which permits are pulled. This goes back to
something I had raised a couple of years ago on this. It does go to my
initial question. Clemo dead-ends; there's a barricade. It allows bikes to go
through, but we have a sidewalk there as well. Has there been any
consideration on and discussion with the neighborhood about whether they
would be interested in closing off that last segment of Clemo and turning it
into public space? The tradeoff would be X number of parking spaces lost.
Basically we have a dead-end street that isn't really serving the community
well. Barron Park has talked for a long time about eventual—there's no
community center in Barron Park, etc., ever since the Terman Library closed.
Was there any discussion in this process about that issue?

Mr. Ah Sing: No, that did not come up.




                                                                       Page 80 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
