                         TRANSCRIPT
projecting large and growing structural deficits. We had also recognized for
over 20 years that the City had neglected to invest adequately in our
streets, our buildings and other infrastructure, resulting in an estimated
$500 million backlog of maintenance and construction projects. We had also
recognized the need to invest adequately in preparing for emergencies. A
full plan funding the required organizational capacity was lacking. Just prior
to the great recession, the City Council hired Jim Keene as City Manager. He
brought a drive for change and innovation, and he's been an instrumental
leader committed to addressing our challenges head on, putting us on the
path to accomplish all that we have done since. Critical to our financial
position were the needs to reform unsustainable employee pension and
healthcare costs and to transform our City government into a more
innovative and efficient organization. Since 2009, we led the County on
employee benefit reform, and we negotiated lower healthcare costs with our
labor groups while reducing the number of City employees. Employees also
now pay for their full share of pension payments, and recent contracts have
added employee payments for the City's share. These reforms mean that
retirement and benefit obligations for Staff hired in recent years have more
modest and financially sustainable obligations for the City, but we still have
long-term unfunded liabilities for employees who remain legally under the
older, more generous pensions. Consequently, two years ago we began to
set aside dollars toward a separate fund to pay down these liabilities. In
addition, the City's fund for retiree healthcare has grown 158 percent since
2008, and it's now $85 million. As a community, we also faced a social crisis
with a cluster of teen suicides in 2009 and 2010 and again in 2014 and
2015. We brought together community partners to form Project Safety Net,
focused on the social and emotional wellbeing of our youth. That work
continues today. As challenging as these times were, we can look at what
we have accomplished.          Within our infrastructure, few aspects of
infrastructure as basic and clear as the condition of our streets. In 2010,
they were in bad shape and getting worse. Since then we have nearly
tripled our annual investment in street maintenance program from $1.8
million to $5.1. The positive results are now being clearer and clearer. Our
average Pavement Condition Index has improved from 72 to 82, moving us
to now the best score in Santa Clara County, and we're on track to reach our
goal of 85 by the year 2019. This level of road quality also allows the City
greater latitude to use our Measure B funds that are dedicated for road
repair instead for other City transportation needs in the coming years. Our
libraries were aged and outdated. In 2008, the community voted to pass a
$76 million bond measure that funded construction of a new Mitchell Park
Library and Community Center, that opened in December of 2014, and the
great improvements to the Rinconada and Downtown libraries. We also
benefited greatly from public-private partnerships to rebuild our Art Center,
create a Magical Bridge Playground, to furnish the libraries. We're now
                                                                         Page 2 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
