                          TRANSCRIPT
that we'll be talking about at the Retreat, whether we want to schedule a
separate Study Session on that. A couple of other points of feedback to the
CAC.     Maybe the diehards who are still here can carry this to your
colleagues. Money is an object. It's a Comprehensive Plan; it's not a
comprehensive dream. I just wanted to give that feedback. That doesn't
mean that it's just—it's also a plan that has a vision and a set of goals. I
don't mean to be saying that it's all fiscally driven, but we don't want just
airy-fairy dreams out of this. I didn't get that from most of you, but I just
wanted to offer that clarification. There was also really a question on
whether the CAC was being limited to policies and programs. I think Council
Member DuBois said something along the lines of what I would say. That is
the primary request, but if you see goals that you think we should
reconsider what we have adopted as a Council, then I don't want you to be
shy about saying, "We've discussed this, and we really think you ought to
reconsider this for the following reasons." I would certainly welcome that,
and I hope others would too. Co-Chair Garber.

Mr. Garber: I apologize. The Co-Chairs and Staff are trying to be extremely
careful to be responsive to the directions that Council gives us. We believe
that we are arms and legs of the Council. It has been made clear to us that
there are two things which are very important to the Council. One of which
is that our auspice be in the policy and program world. The second of which
is that we identify areas of disagreement, so that we can bring them to
Council for resolution. Those are sort of the two driving things that we are
really focusing our process and the conversation around. There is plenty of
interest to talk about other things in the CAC. I would caution Council to—if
they are looking for the CAC to get in front of a topic that they are
considering talking about, it needs to be very explicit so that we can find
ways of structuring that conversation so that it doesn't obstruct our
opportunity to get our other work done. Not that we don't want to talk
about stuff; we love that. It would be helpful in that way.

Mayor Burt: I'd like to add one more thing in the CAC process and the
subcommittees. Although, I wasn't comfortable in going as far as Council
Member Wolbach suggested and I have not witnessed how the
subcommittee meetings are structured and run, I would be open to less
formality than perhaps is there. While the Committee—my impression is
that it might be fine for the Committee to have a meeting that isn't kind of
driven by Staff, but Staff is in attendance. That's the distinction that I would
have made there. Maybe we can take that up going forward rather than at
this hour. That would be my—we haven't had a chance to have that
discussion. I frankly haven't seen how they are being run. I've had a sense
that maybe the CAC and the Council would be open to those subcommittees
being CAC-led and initiated and that kind of thing.
                                                                            Page 106 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
