                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Does it? I'm asking.

Mr. Eggleston:   No, it doesn't.      It comes with grant administration
requirements and those sorts of strings, but not control (inaudible).

Council Member DuBois: Right now, we take relatively little money from
One Bay Area. It's just something to think about. I think those are my two
main comments. I'm just concerned about price escalation. This question
about whether we engage the public or not, I think the Council should decide
if we want a $13 million bridge or we want an $18 million bridge.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just so I understand it. What you're looking for tonight
is—I guess they're almost identical, the recommendation in the Staff Report
or the recommendation at the end of the slide.

Mr. Keene: They're the same.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They're the same. I guess we should go with the
shorter one. In talking about the optional enhancements, I guess the way I
saw it—I wanted to clarify this—was that if we get the Stanford money, we
go with the optional enhancements. If we don't get the Stanford money,
there might be some really cheap ones there. There was some stuff that
seemed fairly inexpensive, but we probably don't go with it. That's the
decision we make when we're at 15 percent? This only covers 15 percent,
right?

Mr. Eggleston: Yeah, that's right. We would bring that to you at 15 percent.
In fact, 15 percent is the level at which we've got to make those decisions in
order to move ahead with finalizing our reports and environmental process.
If we waited any further to make those decisions, we'd be delaying the
project.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The idea is we vote for this tonight, you hire, you get
moving, you come back to us when you're at like 14 percent or whatever so
we don't delay the project, and then we make those decisions on the
optional enhancements. In the meantime, we're going to see if we can get
that Stanford money, but we're not supposed to ask for it just yet, was that
sort of what I got out of the Staff Report? Staff will be working on getting it
when the time is right.

Mr. Eggleston: That's right.



                                                                        Page 91 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
