                          TRANSCRIPT
Member Holman, I just want to make sure I was clear that the change here
was merely to add in the collaboration with Parks and Rec. Commission
(PARC) and the rest was the same as what we had before.

Council Member Holman: The previous one said to direct Staff to begin
building. That was a little premature.

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine. I'm fine with this. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I see Council Member DuBois. I hope we're going to be able to
all wrap up shortly. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just confused on why we're directing this to
come back to us again. In 2007, I guess Council Member Morton made a
Motion that anything over $300,000 would come back to Council. I think we
can make a decision tonight and not take up more Council time. I think
either we put it into a Fund for Historical Preservation. I would actually like
to move that Amendment, that any amount over $300,000 goes into a
Historic Preservation Fund. The point is that the minimum sale ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would accept that with one thing. I am concerned
about how they're going to maintain this building. If the Ordinance allows it,
the money to go towards the Sea Scouts to help maintain this building, that
would be my preference. If the Ordinance doesn't allow, then that's fine. It
was unclear to me whether or not the Ordinance allows it. Are you good
with the Fund, if it can't go towards them to maintain it?

Council Member DuBois: I guess we can't get that answered tonight.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't know. I've been unclear.

Council Member Wolbach: Can I weigh in on this?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Wolbach: Maybe we should just add to direct Staff to return
to Council at a later date if necessary under the Ordinance. Basically
(crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: I guess, part of my objection is I was actually
more willing to put it into a Preservation Fund.        If you look at the
discussion—this is ancient history—they'd asked for $250,000; Council
capped it at $300,000. If we're going to sell TDRs, which I've already
registered my complaint against, if we're going to raise additional monies
(inaudible), I don't see why we wouldn't put that in a Preservation Fund for
future City buildings.
                                                                            Page 25 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
