                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Okay. Let's see how that goes. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things. First actually let me address
this question of micro units. I think it was March 21st, around then; I can't
remember the exact date, but I think it was March 21st. We had a direction
to Staff when we talking about housing sites and programs. I just want to
make sure we're clear that we've already given Staff direction to return. It
was moved by Scharff, seconded by DuBois, to have Staff return with the
feasibility of studying in the near term modern income, government
employee housing that was discussed earlier, micro units for Downtown
including decoupled parking, all of the specific things, minimum impacts,
etc., as Council Member Holman was referring to earlier, the concern about
losing existing housing, we've already given Staff—that was also part of that
motion.

Mayor Burt: The point sounds like we may not need the second motion.

Council Member Wolbach: My first point is I don't think we need the second
motion unless we just wanted to issue a reminder to Staff that we are still
waiting for that feasibility, but I believe Staff is already aware, and so it's
unnecessary.

Mayor Burt: Or if we just want to state (crosstalk).

Council Member Wolbach: I do think it's unnecessary, but I just want to
remind Staff about that. I do think it's important. I raise that also because,
again, several of the points that have been raised by my colleagues we have
already recognized and given direction to Staff, fully appreciating that those
are important. Specifically again, Council Member Filseth's point about
government employees and Council Member Holman's concern about losing
existing properties, we're already starting to move that. We've already done
that. When it comes to—there was actually another question that was
discussed earlier, which is the question of locations. I don't know if we want
to get into that in this or if it's inappropriate. I think that does belong
somewhere else, and we really shouldn't get into it. There was some
interesting ideas that were discussed tonight that I'd be interested in
exploring, and some others that we didn't get into, but I won't right now. If
I’m not mistaken, each of these iterations costs about half a million dollars.
If I'm wrong, I hope Staff will correct me. I just want to ...

Mayor Burt: I would not assume when you're talking about, for instance,
one jobs iteration and a housing one that we've already looked at basically
on the low end. I would not assume that.


                                                                       Page 107 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
