                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Would it be easier to accept if we offered an
amendment to Ordinance 46.11 dropping the option to use the space for
offices?

Ms. Silver: If you wanted to amend the PC Ordinance to effectuate that
amendment, you would of course have to go through the process for
amending the PC Ordinance. It's not noticed for that this evening.

Council Member Schmid:     This isn't the PC Ordinance.    This is the Zoning
Map. Packet Page 262.

Mr. Lait: Ordinance 46.11 is the legislative action that establishes the PC
Ordinance.    As Cara Silver has indicated, the actual language of this
Ordinance is not before the Council today.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I don't want to be voting something that
future Councils can look at and say, "They approved an increase in the
height limit that could be used for office space."

Mr. Lait: I cannot foresee a scenario where the conversation today would
necessitate a conclusion where office would be allowed without a
conversation and removal of parking spaces and amendment to the PC
Ordinance and other considerations.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A couple or three questions. Going back a little
way. Why did we not get Architectural Review Board input on the projects
that would be potentially the most impactful? My question here goes to
we're determining these are minor projects. There's been comment made
before about PCs and are we setting a precedent there. I'm looking at—the
two that concern me are the one on the Florence Street view for the Bryant
Street parking garage. Florence is another narrow street Downtown. When
I look at Sheet A3.2, which is one of the pages I dog-eared in looking
through this, that's—by the way, Council Member Schmid said going 50 feet
to 60 feet. I couldn't find anything that indicated what the height increase
is. Is it 10 feet, 12 feet, 8 feet? What is it?

Amy French, Chief Planning Official: Good evening. Amy French here. The
heights are shown in the sections in each of the plan sets. If you would like,
I can let you know. The garages you've mentioned so far was 445 ...

Council Member Holman: Please. I looked at the drawings, and I didn't find
it.


                                                                       Page 41 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
