                         TRANSCRIPT
consult with the creators of the TDM plan and ensure that they could meet
that plan. We could do that now on the fly, but I'm just a little nervous
about that. We have, back of the envelope, said achieve 20 percent. I
would want to consult with the authors of the plan and the applicant before
we put that as a condition of approval.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Schmid, if we put that in there, would
you support the project?

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm willing to put a metric in there. If we have a TDM
plan that can't make a 20 percent reduction, obviously we have the wrong
TDM plan. Do you agree with that? It's not a crazy ...

Mayor Burt:   It's by design.     Staff is going to determine it by design.
(inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's a "by design" metric. Do you want to put a "G," the
TDM program will be designed to reduce single occupancy trips by at least
20 percent?

Council Member Schmid: What do you mean "design"? Will or will not?

Mayor Burt: May I wade in on that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Absolutely.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't understand how you would implement a metric
otherwise.   You can't have a metric that says—I don't think you can
reasonably have something that says if in a future year they don't do it, we
throw them out. I just don't see how you can do that. We're saying what
Staff would approve in a TDM program, they in their professional judgment
as our Transportation Staff, would say yes, we agree that this plan will
achieve a 20 percent reduction.

Council Member Schmid: As I say, 30 years ago, they had something like
that, and it didn't. It's (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That's a concrete plan. That's not a concept level, but it's a
concrete plan. I don't see what else you can do.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, the experts have discussed that it would be
possible to put in a metric that assures a 20 percent reduction in motor
vehicle trips during the peak hour.

                                                                      Page 90 of 94
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 1/11/16
