                          TRANSCRIPT
what was designed as a suburban, automobile-centric Research Park into
one that is much more multimodal including by bicycle. Hansen has, I think,
a painted bike lane currently. Is that correct?

Mr. Lait: I'm not sure.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say that that would be an important element for me to
assure that whatever we have here really helps contribute long term to
improving that bike infrastructure in the Research Park. There was also a
comment about whether these 50-foot setbacks are really against or
supportive of kind of our values around landscaping and a green
environment in the Research Park. I don't know that the setback per se
impacts that one way or the other. I think that our issues in the Research
Park are once again that it's an outdated landscape design. I'm really
looking forward to us reforming the landscape requirements for the entire
Research Park which would include this parcel. If this is a discretionary
approval, this is also one of the elements to the degree that they're going to
have landscaping which I suspect won't be a great deal if they get the hotel
overlay zoning and can build it if they don't have setback requirement. I
want to see us continue on a process of transforming the landscaping in the
Research Park so that all of that passive landscaping over time becomes a
return toward natural habitat and that it's a transition zone to our open
space. This should be a long-term goal, and it'll also move us toward more
sustainable landscaping for a water consumption standpoint. There was a
comment about Palo Alto square and how it's been accepted in the
community because of the big setbacks. I don't agree with that. First, Palo
Alto square and its height was one of the building sets that caused our 50-
foot height limit to be adopted in the City. The notion it's been accepted is
kind of the opposite of what I consider to be accurate history. When I look
at, whether it's Palo Alto square or some of these other buildings, I do see
that having big expanses of parking lots in front of buildings is not a great
urban design. It doesn't welcome interaction with pedestrians. Neither does
a solid wall on the sidewalk. I think that we should not be in one extreme or
the other. We need street interfaces that are attractive to both pedestrians
and, for that matter, people who are moving along El Camino, that they're
not in a tunnel and neither are they facing just giant parking lots in front of
buildings. I'm trying to figure out now—given that I think a number of us
have a concern about looking at this setback in isolation from the building,
how do we give meaningful guidance? We certainly have had that input, but
we don't have another check-in point that is necessarily identified. Would
this project come back for a more substantial prescreening based on certain
feedback here or how would we proceed off of what you've heard tonight?



                                                                        Page 42 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
