                         TRANSCRIPT
money-making opportunities, which is that the housing has to be near
enough to the jobs or else have a train or mass transportation so that people
can work without tying up the entire City in the Motion of people to their
jobs from other places. Do not let Stanford get away with not building
housing for its hospital and doctors' offices and other residences. You need
that balance of housing. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now, the applicant has the rebuttal time of three
minutes.

Mr. Wuthmann: I'd respectfully request a bit more rebuttal time as I think
several people should say a few comments, given the number of comments
that have been made by College Terrace folk. We can go quickly. Let me
begin by starting with addressing the concern about or allegation that we're
radically changing the site plan because 29 parcels are changing. The parcel
changes are limited to the interior part of the site, i.e., the non-ARB review
part of the site, i.e., the non-California Avenue frontage. They are driven by
the need to densify the site to move houses away from localized TCE areas,
which is a conservative move. We are not narrowing Amherst Street. That
is a misread of the plan. This is not about Stanford being right or wrong or
trying to get away with things. This about the DTSC's review of the site,
review of the plan, and Haley and Aldrich's sampling and investigation of it.
Basically, the allegation has been made that DTSC has made mistakes in its
application of standards. I would like DTSC to say a few words in response
to that. Also, it basically has been alleged that Haley and Aldrich's sampling
has been inadequate. I would like them to be able to respond to that quickly
too, if I may please. First of all, it'll be Dr. Kimi Klein, Toxicologist from
DTSC.

Dr. Kimi Klein, Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC): Good
evening. I'm Dr. Kimi Klein. I'm the toxicologist assigned to this site. I've
been charged to review the health risk assessment portion of the reports
that have been submitted to our department. I've been asked to talk a little
bit about the screening levels. I presume that you're speaking of two sets of
screening levels. One set of screening levels has to do with what we expect
to be the safe levels of TCE in this case in indoor air that we would actually
be breathing. There are two different screening levels. One is 0.48
micrograms per meter3, a small number. That value represents the amount
of TCE that you must breathe every day for your lifetime, for 30 years or so
in the same residence, 24/7 basically. We do let you take a couple of days
off for vacation a year, but basically it's for your lifetime. I'll just say
parenthetically that 30 years in one home is a pretty long time, but this is a
very conservative assumption that we use within the regulatory agency. The
second screening level is two micrograms per meter3, which is a larger
                                                                        Page 30 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
