                          TRANSCRIPT
Report—I think it's in there—is that now that you're really done in a more
reasonable amount of time—the conversation isn't done, but the process
finished September 19th. You really now have a reasonable period to do a
midyear check-in. What I heard in Closed Session is that you want that to
happen, and you want it to be informal. I think from a process perspective,
since we're out of it, is the Clerk and the HR Director should actually trigger
that and prepare everybody for what that looks like.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think it'd be great if we got that on the calendar,
scheduled for next year unless you disagree.

Council Member Holman: I don't disagree.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think Council direction is pretty clear, let's do that.

Ms. Figone: I'd say by February …

Council Member Holman: At the latest.

Ms. Figone: … you should be doing some sort of a midyear.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we should go ahead and schedule that on the
Council thing for the midyear. You agree, right? I didn't think of any
process that MRG should be involved in, but I wanted to throw it out there in
case you thought there was or in case you thought the midyear didn't …

Council Member Holman: There's a pro and a con. In a way, no, it's a
discussion with the CAO. The CAOs that have participated in this in the past
have found it very helpful. It's a check-in; it's a course correction; it's a
where are we; it's a status report. It's all kinds of that sort of thing. It is
informal. My only question maybe is for you, Deb. If you're not there just
to listen and take some notes, not direct it, don't have to create any reports
or anything, when you come back to do the performance work the next year,
are you at a little bit of a loss because you've missed the whole step?

Ms. Figone: I would say no, not at a loss unless you're expectation is that
MRG is monitoring performance. Right now we're not. What we're doing is
facilitating and listening for what's working well, what isn't for purposes of
shaping your conversation. There's no judgment or assessment on how
things are going unless we hear something that needs to be elevated.

Council Member Holman: I didn't mean like that. I meant if there's a
change or there's—I'll just make something up because it's been going on
this year, very recently. A CAO's directive in their performance evaluation is
you will bring two donkeys back to Palo Alto. At the midyear check-in we

                                                                                     Page 13 of 20
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                               Transcript 11/16/16
