                          TRANSCRIPT
arise. I appreciate and thank you for having an answer on the precedent
question earlier. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Maybe a question and a comment. Someone said
earlier—I don't remember who said it. Are these sprinklered? Where—yeah.

Ms. French: Not sprinklered. Our Fire Department is weighing in on the
project. They are going through that process right now.

Council Member Holman: That's just not determined yet whether or where,
all that? Correct? That's TBD?

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. We don't allow spontaneous comments from the
audience unless called upon. If you would like, I can call the architect
forward to ...

Council Member Holman: I think Staff has answered the question. It's just
that the Fire Department hasn't yet determined what or where. Council
Member Filseth and I have had this conversation about PCs. I like the
comment about the gift that keeps on giving. We have a little bit different
perspective about—I think whether these were PC garages or just whatever
zoning project, we'd still have to come back and make changes potentially to
the project, so we'd still have to go through conditions of approval or project
plans or something like that. We'd still have to go through some kind of
project approval amendment if we determined they were other than minor.
It's a friendly disagreement.       Other Council Members have said we're
certainly supportive as a Council and, I think, to an individual supportive of
the goals of this. I do still have concerns about the visual impact of the
Webster Street garage from the University Avenue perspective albeit that
some of the tree screening is not shown here, and I recognized that earlier
on. Especially I'm concerned about the Florence project, because that's a
very narrow street. That structure comes out pretty much all the way to the
edge. I just can't imagine that this is going to get built and the public isn't
going to go a little "hair standing up" on us for this. The other aspect is like
if this was something else, if we'd consider these minor. I can't get there.
As supportive as I am of the project goals, I can't consider this minor for
these two in particular, but most especially the one that's the Bryant Street
garage from the Florence Street view. For myself, I would like to see that
one go to the ARB. I also want to make sure that when we take an action,
that we don't set a precedent for what the definition or change a definition
or change a perspective or change an anticipation of what the Staff is going
                                                                         Page 60 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
