                            TRANSCRIPT
of what was absorbed—I guess you can see that the 32 million kind of
covered that. You may recall that the Council made a policy decision not to
use General Obligation (GO) bonds to pay for salaries for the libraries and
the community center. A lot of those expenses were also absorbed within
the capital dollars. I would say that we've been aggressively growing that
number, besides these, probably in the $2 million to $5 million range at the
beginning. We've been growing that number also for the salary expenses.

Mayor Burt: When you said the $2-$5 million range, each year?

Mr. Perez: No. In the timeframe of the IBRC.

Mayor Burt: For instance, if we just look at streets, we increased it over $4
million a year from 2010 to the current expenditures, just on streets alone.

Mr. Perez: We better look at the numbers, because I'm going off the top of
my head.

Mayor Burt: I think that's an important thing that helps explain the expense
increase tracking upward along with the revenue increase. Another thing
that we do each year or virtually every year is we identified what were one-
time incomes and, for that matter, often one-time expenses. We say those
aren't going to happen in the subsequent years. That's half true because
often that particular one-time income doesn't happen the next year, but a
different one-time income happens. Over the last half dozen years, it seems
that almost every year we have said that we had one-time incomes and
often one-time expenses. I think that helps explain why both income and
expenses are consistently above projections. It's not the totality, but it's
one of these other factors. The infrastructure expenses helps explain why
the expense item tracks upward with the income. I think the one-time are
part of the explanation of why they both are being projected each time
below their actualities. I'm not assuming that that's the totality of the
explanation. I think those are missing components to an explanation. We
also had a model of the CalPERS poor investment return scenario. I think
Bartel in the past has given the likelihood of that occurring. Do we know
what that is?

Mr. Perez: He's     going to provide us an updated presentation for tomorrow.
We'll make sure     that that gets into the Council's Packets so all of you can
see it. He gives    both ends, if they exceed and if they do not meet. He has
charts with that.    We'll have an updated one tomorrow.

Mayor Burt: My recollection from his last presentation was that's a low
likelihood in his calculations of occurring. What we have is that poor
investment. That's a pretty low investment return scenarioo amongst the
                                                                       Page 100 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
