                          TRANSCRIPT
tonight, I think, is very important. The golf course to this community is a
very important asset. It isn't just a place to play golf; it's a place where you
get exercise. More than anything, it really is a place to come together, to
make good friends, to have some time afterward to go into the clubhouse,
do whatever you may do then. Overall, I think what this does is a great
community asset for bringing good people together who like this exercise
and have a wonderful chance to interact with each other. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that Motion.

Council Member Kniss: Now that I've chattered on about it. I'm very
pleased that it looks like this will happen after tonight. Congratulations to all
of you.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, may I just clarify real quickly. It might not have
been entirely clear. The Staff recommendation presumes Option 1. We did
want to clarify that.

Council Member Kniss:     Delighted to read the whole, but the Staff
recommendation consists of the five parts which are listed in front of you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'm more than happy to second the Motion.
Thank you for making it, Council Member Kniss.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to:

A.    Approve, and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute, a
      contract with Wadsworth Golf Construction Company in the amount of
      $11,964,620 for the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course Reconfiguration
      Project, Capital Improvement Program Project PG-13003; and

B.    Approve, and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute,
      deductive Change Order No. One to the contract with Wadsworth Golf
      Construction Company in the amount of $1,191,800 to reflect
      negotiated cost savings measures to be incorporated into the project;
      and



                                                                        Page 108 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
