                          TRANSCRIPT
will be preserved as affordable housing. I want to point out that it's a win
for the City and the County. We're able to make significant investment, but
at the same time with this MOU we are limiting our legal liability and capping
that investment. It has some certainty for the City. The money that we're
using is committed to affordable housing. I saw some comments online and,
I think it's important to make that clear. This is not General Fund money.
Being able to preserve 117 homes for 400 people is a great use of those
funds. Finally, I believe this is really a win for the Jisser family. Full market
value without paying relocation costs, and those relocation costs were the
point of a lawsuit. I just want to say I've never met Joe Jisser; I didn't
realize he was here during the hearings earlier on. If he's listening, I'd ask
him to be open to a full market offer and the resolution of this process. I
fully support the MOU between the City, the County and the Housing
Authority.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I want to thank all of you for really hanging
in there. It's been a long four years. I saw you come to so many meetings
and so much heartbreak at times as things looked down and things looked
up and things looked down. I know it must have been really an emotional
rollercoaster that was really tough on your families and tough on your lives
and very concerning in this environment of high rents and all of that. I've
just been really impressed every time I've met people from Buena Vista that
there's always been a feeling of optimism and good spirits and good cheer.
I've really admired that. I've really admired the perseverance. It's really
nice to see a happy ending to this. I would also say Joe Simitian really
deserves a lot of the credit for this. This is really an amazing thing to pull
off. It really makes me feel good about our community, that we could come
together and achieve something like this. It really warms my heart, so to
speak. I look forward to having the people of Buena Vista in our community
for as long as I'm in this community or forever. I just wanted to thank Joe
and thank all of you for really your hard work on this. I know so many
people worked so hard on this. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I want to echo my colleagues' comments. I also want to say
that, in addition to the leadership that we've had from County Supervisor
Simitian, we've really had a collaborative effort by the staffs of the City of
Palo Alto, the Housing Authority and the Santa Clara County. The support
from our State elected officials, as we heard tonight, this has been a broad
support. Ultimately, it's a support around our values. These are values that
Palo Alto holds, and ultimately they're American values. We believe as you
do, that equal opportunities for our children to have the best chance in life to
fulfill their potential through our education system and our community are
                                                                          Page 41 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
