                          TRANSCRIPT
I both work, so family time is precious to us. I'm not yet at a point where I
can regularly attend when Agenda items directly address topics I am
passionate about. Like a sports fanatic, my family makes fun of me for
talking to the TV late into the evening on Monday nights. I made time
tonight because I want you to focus carefully on the fact that more than 125
people, who were not able to physically attend tonight, have provided you
with direction regarding their hopeful expectations in the most efficient and
perhaps the only way they're able. Each one of those letters sent to you
represents an individual who, under different circumstances, would have
taken the time to stand at this microphone to let you know how important it
is for the Environmental Impact Report to include an additional study
element. They are not looking for you to take a public stance regarding the
pros or cons, but merely to create a body of information which will help us to
understand what it might look like if we go big on housing. You want public
participation, you want clarity about what our community seeks, it doesn't
get much better than this. Please hear these passionate and unified voices,
including my own, imploring you to include in the upcoming EIR what might
be possible if we go big on housing.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is John Kelley, to be followed by
Annette Isaacson.

John Kelley: Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff, Council Members, I'm very
happy and I'm very proud to say I'm a citizen of Palo Alto. That's a word I
choose with care, because I've heard the City Manager use it. I think it's
important for me as a citizen to say to you as my elected officials, as our
elected officials, I would really like you to approach this issue with a sense of
responsibility, which I'm sure you all share, but more importantly with a
sense of reasonableness and, frankly, intellectual integrity, which I think you
all possess. What you have before you right now in terms of Scenarios 1-4
is something that effectively prejudges an outcome. If I could name every
person here who's already spoken tonight with his views I'm in accord and
that I share, I'd use up the rest of my time, and I'm just waiting for the light
to go out. I think the biggest reason to go big on housing—I'll give you a
number, 10,000 units. That's my number. Somebody wanted a number. I
think that's the right order of magnitude. I think you should study what it
would look like to add 10,000 units in Palo Alto through the term of the
Comprehensive Plan and figure out how to do it, not just as a matter of
intellectual integrity to ensure that all views in the community. The two
cities that you were talking about, Council Member Filseth and City Manager
Keene, the two different groups, you have to hear from both sides. The only
way to do that is really to magnify your vision. I'll leave you with four
specific ways to think about that. I've talked about these before. Number
1, think boldly about ADUs. Number 2, think boldly about relaxing the 50-
                                                                         Page 80 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
