                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes. I think this is a really good thing that Stanford's
doing. I think it will actually reduce traffic, bring people out of other
housing, house them on the campus, will have minimal impacts on a range
of things. We'll have actually a bunch of positive impacts in terms of traffic
and congestion and all of that. I think this is something that we should
definitely support and be on records as supporting. I think that's important.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm glad to support this Motion. This is moving us in
a very good direction tonight. I don't think it was accidental that Stanford's
addition to the community in the way of housing is on our Agenda the same
night that we're having a long discussion on housing very shortly. Yes, we
do have something to say as we are within certainly the boundaries of
Stanford as far as commenting. However, I am reminded that the County
will actually make a final decision on this. I know they'll be interested in
what we have to say but, at the same time, they will make that final
decision. As I recall, I think they're either bumping up against the General
Use Permit (GUP) on into the GUP with this. The fact that it is housing and
is going to relieve the situation both in the mid-Peninsula as well as on the
campus, I think, will make a great deal of difference. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Lait, maybe it'd be helpful to just clarify the relation
between this proposal and the general use permit, just so that everybody's
clear. It's the amount that exceeds what is currently authorized.

Mr. Lait: I don't have the precise number, but the general use permit that
was approved in 2000 accounted for, I believe it was some 3,000 housing
units. What the proposal is to the County that they're requesting to do is
move about 500 units from other districts or other campuses to the
Escondido Village, in addition to that the 1,450.        Again, the GUP did
establish that hard, I think it was 3,013 or 3,015 cap, but it did not preclude
the opportunity to go beyond that through the Planning Commission as long
as there was sufficient environmental review. This is not an amendment to
the GUP. This is just implementing part of the entitlements that were
granted.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: If you're going to add housing, I think this is a very
reasonable way to do it. I think we should support it. I do want to second,
third and fourth the Vice Mayor's comments about let's see how this relates
to our RHNA allocation, because it does increase housing in this area. The
only other thing I would comment—probably I should have asked this while
the Stanford folks were there—is the traffic estimate that it actually reduces
                                                                        Page 44 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
