                          TRANSCRIPT
areas and outside of the roadway areas. Alternative 2 is a closed truss,
three-span similar to the baseline but with an articulated look. It would
have a visual changing in degree of the top cords and would have an
interesting view from both inside and from the freeway area. The third is a
basic, steel closed truss, also a single span similar to Option 1. Alternative
4, which is the least cost increase, is basically an open truss similar to the
bowstring but instead of a bowstring, it's a sloped Warren truss. It slopes in
opposing directions to give some visual differences. The last is a steel space
frame. Basically it's inclined. The inclined nature of it actually also gives the
added perception of increased width. It's also very open, so it does not
close off the vistas. The railings would be connected to the space frame, so
there wouldn't be a need for a separate structure to support the fencing and
railing. In general, we looked at those options, and then we also looked at
the possibility of increasing the width of the structure from 12 to 16 feet. In
some cases, it was not practical. The manufacturers wouldn't be able to
manufacture those in the larger widths, partly because of the shipping, the
prefabrication, the methods of construction out in the field and then the
erection. It's also impractical in certain parts of the structure, specifically
along the Water District, Barron Creek, and Adobe Creek areas. There
would be some difficulty in constructing the 16-foot-wide walkway because
of impacts to the utility and to the maintenance and operations of the Water
District. Even if we were able to do the 16-foot width, a portion of it would
probably have to remain at 12 feet through that area. These are basically
the summary. I'll give that back to Brad.

Mr. Eggleston: Thank you, Roy. We've provided it just as a summary. We
won't go through it now, but you can see all the optional enhancements and
their potential costs in one place there.     Lastly, just touching on the
schedule here. This project schedule is the same as what we showed you in
May when we came with the design contract. Just to summarize it, we
anticipate completing environmental reviews late next year and/or early
2018 with our Caltrans approvals for the project in the fall of 2018. We
would begin construction in early 2019 and be completed with the bridge in
the spring of 2020. That concludes our presentation. We'll be happy to take
your questions and comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:        Just a couple of questions please.        Our
presentation that we have in our packet and at places—just in our packets,
is somewhat different than yours. The steel, closed-truss, three-span, what
was the cost on that? I don't have a—it's Packet Page 101. I guess there
are different versions of it.


                                                                          Page 52 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
