                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I want to add my thanks to Staff and to the
community. We've had an extraordinary amount of outreach around this
plan over the past four years, meetings in the community. Staff has been
flexible and has listened to concerns from the community and will continue
to do so, as was indicated by answers in regards to concerns about parking
in some of our Downtown neighborhoods. It's important that we continue to
evaluate the impacts that this has on certain stretches of road and adapt as
necessary. That doesn't mean that we throw the entire thing out. It means
that we kind of track success and see what works and what doesn't. Some
folks in the community have questioned the prioritization of this. This has
been a priority in our community for longer than I've been on Council. It
was an integral part of Measure B in 2014 to fully fund our infrastructure,
because this is a critical part of our infrastructure.        If we have a
comprehensive Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan, more people will bike, more
people will walk, less people will drive, we'll need fewer parking spaces,
there will be less traffic, there will be less greenhouse gas emissions.
Everybody wins. That's the system we're trying to create here; that's why
it's a priority. Residents voted 76 percent, I think, to pass Measure B, and
this was a critical part of it. I'm happy to see that we're moving forward.
I'm excited to see the implementation.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. My question was really the procedural one
about parsing it out correctly so that Tom could vote. Thank you. Other
than that, I think all my questions got answered, and I'm happy to support
it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I would refer to the diagram of the Bryant Street-
Everett Avenue parking impact. Three of the eight sides of the side are
typically over-parked. I assume from your response to questions it is over-
parked on the average over the full day. During the business day, it might
even be more.      I would ask the maker of the Motion for a friendly
amendment to say that Alta Planning would come back six months after the
data is available for the RPP Phase 2 for an opportunity to relook at the
parking spaces to be eliminated in the Downtown parking district.

Council Member Kniss: Is that going to be a sufficient amount of time, do
you think, the six months?


                                                                     Page 50 of 124
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/9/16
