                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bennett: Yep, we have a tag team.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Esther Nigenda. Welcome.

Esther Nigenda: I want to thank the Storm Drain Committee for all the work
they've done and the City Staff also. Based on Keith's presentation, you
notice that the point discharge are very large. It's already been—the
numbers he mentioned. What we're asking is that we have a meaningful
volume-based fee for point discharges into the storm drain, which is the
Item 14 from the recommendations from the Blue Ribbon Committee, of
$33.74 per 1,000 cubic feet. This is approximately equivalent to the
proposed amount paid by residences above the basic fee. There are some
other recommendations that we have for the City, but that's our main one. I
want to point out how we came out to that number. Here it is. We have
proposed—the Blue Ribbon Committee proposes $7 for the volume-based
part of the fee that we're going to pay if the recommendations and you
approve them go through in the next ballot measure. Those $7 amount
comes out to $84.36 per year. The City says that we have approximately for
a standard lot 2,500 square feet of impervious area. We are assuming an
average rainfall in the City of Palo Alto of 12 inches per year. The total
runoff per impermeable surface per lot for any property owner is
approximated to be 2,500 cubic feet. We divide the total fee that we pay
per year by the 2,500 cubic feet, and we get the $33.74 that we are
recommending. That's basically how we arrived at that figure. We hope
that you take this into consideration and that you implement something
similar to that. Including the above items in the Blue Ribbon's proposal
would reduce our public storm drain costs. It will encourage compliance
with the Water Board discharge permit. It will provide funding for the green
storm water infrastructure, which we all love. We think it's a great idea. It
will provide incentives for best building practices that minimize discharges.
We hope that this fee will let builders know that it is not proper to dump so
much water. It will more fairly align payers and users. We think it will
increase the support of property owners. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Daniel Sakols. Welcome.

Daniel Sakols: Hi. My name is Daniel Sakols. I grew up on Webster Street
in Palo Alto and today manage my mother's house as a rental property. I've
been observing the practice of water table pumping in underground
construction projects. I see a lot of valuable resource, precious water, being
dumped down the drain. Not only is it a waste of a resource, but I'm
hearing from friends and neighbors around the neighborhood causing
problems on their property as it creates unusual shifts in the land and
settling. Doors are no longer closing properly. Houses are settling in an

                                                                        Page 17 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
