                         TRANSCRIPT
purchases. Property Tax growing at six percent is certainly in line with what
was found for the Fiscal Study in the Comprehensive Plan (Comp. Plan.)
Transient Occupancy Tax is doing really quite well. With that high-level
review, I'll turn it over to Kiely who is going to talk about expenses.

Kiely Nose, Budget Manager: Similar to the revenue side, we have a slide
just kind of over viewing the global General Fund expenses. Overall, the
holistic view shows in Fiscal Year '17 we're expecting expenses at $194
million. In developing this, like Lalo had said, expenses have been adjusted
by removing our FY '16 Adopted Budget one-time expenses and updating
major cost elements such as salary and benefits. To that note, you can see
the majority of the expenses, about 61.4 percent, are attributed to salaries
and benefits. That's about $119 million. This next slide is just kind of going
over some of those general expense assumptions. With nearly two-thirds of
the annual expenses on salaries and benefits, the assumptions behind this
are currently in negotiations with various bargaining groups.           We've
assumed current Council authority. The annual compound growth is about
3.5 percent which is very similar to what was seen in the December report of
3.6 percent. The remaining expense assumptions are outlined and have
about a 2.6 percent CPI. This next slide is just highlighting salaries and
benefits over the next 10 years, which represent that 61.4 percent. The
benefit costs as a percentage of total salaries and benefit costs have
increased from 40.4 percent in FY '17 to 43.6 percent in FY 2026. This is
compared to the '16 Adopted Budget, which had benefits of 50.3 percent of
total salaries and benefits. As Lalo had mentioned and as you guys are quite
aware, this model doesn't have everything in it. There's a significant
number of known unknowns, both long term and short term. This slide is
identifying those knows and unknowns. In the nearer term, we will revisit
and probably see as part of the Fiscal Year '17 Proposed Budget the
Infrastructure Plan operating capital expenses, things like the street lights
and electric crossings and fire services contract with Stanford. These are all
three things that are not included in this forecast but will be brought up
again as part of your '17 Proposed Budget process. We also did a couple of
alternative Scenario. The first one you guys have seen before. This is the
CalPERS poor investment return. These are numbers from Bartel and
assume a seven percent rate of return. You can see you're facing deficits
through 2023, and then you won't see surpluses until 2024. This is a quick
comparison of the retirement contribution rates or the pension rates by plan.
In your base case right next to the alternative case with that seven percent
return. Another alternative Scenario as requested by the Finance Committee
was to model what a three percent salary increase in the out years would
look like. That's what this is doing. You can see it's about $1 million
difference between the base and this forecast. For example, Fiscal Year '19
is going from a positive 780,000 in the base case to the negative 118,000 in
                                                                       Page 83 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
