                          TRANSCRIPT
you seemed to have dealt with early on in the process. I think that's really
helpful. Thanks a lot.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: That said it all.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I just want to thank Staff for all the work that
they've done and enthusiastically support the Motion. I'm up, all right. And
the direction that we're going. I think Craig said it the best. Any time the
State is catching up to us, that means that we need to work harder to get
farther ahead again. I think that's the role that Palo Alto should play in this
regard, especially given the myriad advantages that we have, just based on
the assets we have in our utility system and all that. A lot of energy usage
comes in buildings. We need to do more. One question I have that I meant
to ask earlier. If I'm walking through Downtown right now probably, at
10:15, 10:30, 10:45 at night and there are a lot of storefronts that are
closed but they've got their lights on inside. What's the deal with that?
What can we do about that? It kind of drives me nuts.

Mayor Burt: I'm not sure that's part of our Reach Code. It's part of a good
set of other questions for another time.

Council Member Berman: We'll find another time to talk about it. I'm just
going to flag that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you, guys, for doing this. It's good stuff.
Absolutely will support the Motion. Appreciate that work. Karen brought up
the issue of salvage and construction materials. If this is going to save 71
tons of carbon dioxide a year, at 75 pounds a square foot, that's equivalent
to about 2,000 square feet of new construction per year which is the size of
one house or five percent of the office cap or something like that.
Absolutely going to support this. Thanks, guys, very much for doing this.
Really looking forward after it passes to see what you guys come up with on
salvage.

Mayor Burt: I will just add that, Peter, this seems like really a next great
step of advancement. Thank you, to you and your team and the consultants
who have helped us on this. I think it's great that the elements to this that
you've proposed are cost effective. Just as we've had leading renewable
portfolio, now carbon free electricity at currently 30 percent below PG&E
                                                                       Page 103 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
