                         TRANSCRIPT
There's a couple of destinations where the land use is pretty uniform. We
probably want to find a mix of uses to place the hub so that we'd have
somebody maybe going to Caltrain in the middle of the day that would
return the bike.

Council Member Schmid: I'm trying to think if you want to associate these
with Transportation Management Associations (TMAs), but TMAs have that
last mile issue. Everyone wants to get from the mass transit to their
workplaces. When they want to catch that evening train, there's got to be
bikes there.

Mr. Mello: We're definitely going to have to think about how to make sure
the bikes remain balanced throughout the day.

Council Member Schmid: The other question I had is your Slide 16 gives a
view of the finances. You say $1.1 million capital cost upfront, and then
minimal operating costs. In Packet Page 542, where you have the cost for
Motivate, they state total five year cost to City is $6.8 million. Very top of
Page 542, it's the next to last column.

Mr. Mello: That's the Staff Report from April of this year. That's not the
updated number that's in the term sheet that's before you this evening.

Council Member Schmid: I noticed that. This is the only one that has City
costs over five years.

Mr. Mello: That was before Motivate offered to operate the system for free.
That would have had us covering the operating costs as well.

Council Member Schmid: Motivate is going to get $5 million out of the
users. Is that what they're implying? That's the cost of the system.

Mr. Mello: The $6.7 includes capital. It was based on the smart dock
system, which is more expensive. It also includes operations being funded
by the City. If you look on Page 541, the very last row, that breaks out
operations, revenue and net cost per year.

Council Member Schmid: It brings the cost to the City down to $4.1 million.
I guess the question is—$4.1 right? That's what SoBi has for the City
payment over five years.

James Keene, City Manager: Unless I'm misunderstanding. First of all this
is old information and old data. The proposal is the City pays $1.16 million
in capital costs less $171,000 grant, so a little under $1 million. That pays
for the 350 bikes plus roughly 35 stations. The ongoing ...

                                                                       Page 82 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
