                          TRANSCRIPT
diversity, the best schools, the caring neighbors. I have lived in my Eichler
for 42 years. I brought up two sons in the School District. I worked for the
Palo Alto School District for 13 years. My son and his children will eventually
inherit my home that they grew up in when I drop dead. My point here is I
have a permanent stake in my community. I am very concerned that maybe
my neighbors might sell to someone that has no stake in the community and
will eventually sell their home thinking there's more monetary gain and they
wish to tear down and build up next to me. Then I am left with a monster
home next door forever. A two-story home will be overshadowing my home
with no sunlight for my art, no privacy, no possibility to install solar power,
no architectural continuity. Thank you. The current process does not
protect Eichler neighbors. Perhaps this process needs to be reviewed and
strengthened. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Janice Henrotin to be followed by Nicola Willits.
Welcome.

Janice Henrotin: Good evening, Mr. Mayor and City Council Members. My
name is Jan Henrotin, as you said. I live on Loma Verde, which I hope will
not be excluded from this proposal. I am a proud Eichler homeowner, and I
do not want to see my neighborhood defiled with any more second stories
put on top of Eichler homes or new two-story homes. I have two points to
make. The first has to do with my own home. I value the light and privacy
it provides. It do not want a second story to go up on either side of my
home or behind it, blocking my light and invading my privacy. My second
point has to do with the Royal Manor neighborhood. The uniformity of the
homes provides a sense of community and identity. It is also much more
attractive than a hodge-podge of different style, two-story homes would be.
Once again, I am a proud Eichler homeowner and believe that our homes
are very special due to their architectural uniqueness and should remain the
way they are with no second stories. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Nicola Willits to be followed by John Potter.
Welcome.

Nicola Willits: Good evening. I'm Nicola Willits. I live at 3396 Greer Road,
and I want to speak in support of the SSO. I'm a native Palo Altan. I grew
up in a family of six in an Eichler. Loved it. I've lived in Europe, Asia, the
East Coast. My husband and I decided we wanted to move back to Palo Alto
and live in an Eichler. He grew up in an Eichler as well. We are raising our
family of three boys. We find the houses are big enough. Our next door
neighbors are a blended family, so they had five children. They managed to
do a very, very sensitive remodel that fits with the neighborhood perfectly.
They got five bedrooms, three baths in there. It's possible. Front yards,

                                                                         Page 79 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
