                         TRANSCRIPT
the Redwood City facility for six, seven, eight years. Once we rescue an
animal, the animal becomes our responsibility.          Whether it's through
fostering or adoption promotions, marketing, we do everything we can to
make sure that animal finds a forever home. We will not ever euthanize for
space. Some shelters will do that; that's how they get around a very small
facility and a lot of intake. We will not do that, and we propose to obviously
not do that at Palo Alto as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Mr. Mayor, may I just ask a couple of follow-up
questions of the speaker? In Redwood City, you mentioned there might be
some animals that have been there six or seven years. I think you have 160
animals roughly?

Mr. Mollica: Give or take.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What percentage of the animals have been there over a
year at any one time?

Mr. Mollica: I'd say 25, 30 percent of our animals are there over a year or
so. The majority of the animals get adopted within, I'll say, six months.
Then, there are those more challenging or they have physical problems, and
it takes a while to find a home for them.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You've been in business a long time in Redwood City. I
can't remember. Like from the '60s.

Mr. Mollica: Fifty-one years.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Fifty-one years. Has that number been increasing or
has it just basically leveled out at that 20 or 30 percent?

Mr. Mollica: That's hard to say. I'm not sure what they—the facilities they
had in 1970, it's a little hard to. I would say in the last 10 years that
percentage has stayed about the same. My hope is that through some
additional, more aggressive and creative, innovative marketing efforts to try
to make the more challenging animals we have more appealing to people the
percentage will decrease.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much.

Mr. Mollica: You're welcome.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I appreciate your interest and your
no-kill policies. Good for you and potentially good for us. A couple or three
                                                                       Page 44 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
