                            TRANSCRIPT
You've asked us to either say under no circumstances would we grant a
variance on this, guys. Go home. Or you've asked us to say we could grant
a variance or you've asked us to look at the broader picture and say,
"Should we get rid of the 50-foot setback?" Is it just on this property or
along Hansen Way? I understood it to be along Hansen Way, but maybe I'm
wrong.

Mr. Lait: Our focus is just the property, not all of Hansen Way.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's just the property.

Mr. Lait: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We could do a Zoning Ordinance to just get rid of it on
this property as opposed to doing a variance.

Mr. Lait: That would be an option.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That would be an option. What's the difference, in
Staff's view, of what difference does it make if we go either way on that?

Mr. Lait: Either way being the property or all Hansen Way?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, the property in terms of doing a variance or in
terms of doing a zoning amendment.

Mr. Lait: Exactly why we're here. We've got the discretionary action or
process that Council Member Holman was just articulating some of the
findings. With the limited amount of information that you have about the
project now and the site characteristics, if instinctively you thought, "There's
no way we could support a variance on this because it's not passing Finding
Two or Finding Three," that's information for us. If you were still interested
in allowing for an encroachment to the setback, the legislative path would
provide you a little more flexibility to do that.

Vice Mayor Scharff:       I think the legislative path is clearly cleaner.
Otherwise, you get stuck on—if we were looking at this today, I have a hard
time believing that any of us would vote to put a 50-foot setback on this
property, if we were starting with a clean slate and being asked to do that. I
haven't heard any reason of why we would want a 50-foot setback on this
property. If we basically try to shoehorn—I'm going to quote Council
Member Filseth who once said if we don't like the rule, we should just
change the rule as opposed to going to try and shoehorn in a variance. I
think in general that's probably right. I guess I would lean towards doing
the zoning amendment and having a thoughtful policy discussion about what

                                                                         Page 32 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
