                          TRANSCRIPT
the entire thing, installs all the systems, runs the whole thing, and then gets
a cut of the revenue. There are other ways to do this, but we will look at the
options.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you for adding that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, guys, very much. The consultant
recommended the per parking—I'm not getting the terminology right—the
parking spot technology, which I agree with. When would the consultant
possibly not recommend that? Isn't that kind of ...

Ms. Sullivan: I think that's a fair question. In fact, we challenged—clearly
it's the most expensive option. The consultant doesn't make more money
one way or the other. They're a design consultant, so they're not benefitting
one way or the other. One of the questions we did ask was most of our
garages are one directional, meaning that you don't drive in and make a
decision. You're driving essentially around in a circle, with the exception of
Lot S which you actually have these sort of pods that go off to the left and
you can park over there. We did sort of challenge them and say does it
really make a difference, does the green and red really help you find
parking. They said yes, it does. I can vouch for that. I park in Lot S, and
every day it's like people creeping along looking for a spot and then
someone trying to turn around and someone honking.

Council Member Berman: You're absolutely right. That's the experience
that I've had. I thought it was at Santana Row in San Jose, but maybe it
was a different mall. When I used to work down there, we went somewhere
for lunch, and they had these. I remember thinking this is so much easier.

Ms. Sullivan: The Winchester garage has the green and red.

Council Member Berman:         This was a couple of years ago, and the
technology wasn't super. Some spots were green that should have been
red, and some were red that should have been green, but that'll happen. It
really does—I think one of the slides said it makes it more welcoming, and it
really does make it a lot more welcoming. As you use the wayfinding on the
street to funnel people and then you've got the signs out in front of the
garage that say—I'm a proponent of the per floor. If I know there's three
spots on one and eight spots on two and 38 spots on three, I'm just going
up to three; I'm not bothering with it. That does make it faster, and that's
better for the business community. That's better for residents; that's better
for the environment.      I'd be curious what the actual greenhouse gas
emission reductions are in terms of scope of magnitude and just whether or
                                                                         Page 57 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
