                          TRANSCRIPT
what they have to offer. We'll let the marketplace respond. I would imagine
SAP is going to respond.

Mr. Reichental: They will, certainly.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Some of the things you didn't mention here that you
mentioned in the Finance Committee, which was stunning to me at least.
We spent $17 million on SAP since 2003, but it wasn't that amount. It was
the $43 million in labor costs that we spent on this.

Mr. Reichental: $26 million plus $17 milion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Total.

Mr. Reichental: Total of $43 million.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sorry. I mean that seems like such a huge amount.
Correct me if I'm wrong. What I heard you say at the Finance Committee
meeting was that a new system, a new ERP environment, will be intuitive
and will be easier to use because we had such huge training issues on the
previous one with SAP. Is that correct or do you still think we're going to
have lots of training issues?

Mr. Reichental: There certainly will be training requirements; that's for sure.
The difference between a 2001 ERP system and a 2016 is material. Anyone
who has used a cloud-based sort of consumer experience today knows you
can kind of figure stuff out often yourself, rather than having to go to class.
We would anticipate any new software that we buy today would be much
easier to use and configure and take advantage of.

Vice Mayor Scharff: For me, that's sort of one of the key issues. What I
heard from Staff over the last six years is that's it been incredibly difficult to
use the current SAP, that everyone's too busy in this organization to train.
That seemed to me to be the real issue. It was very complicated; it would
take a huge amount of effort to get up to speed. The flow of work really
prohibited in some ways—people always had something that was a more
burning issue, shall we say. If we're going to move forward on this, I think
that's something we really need to think about and to make sure that if it is
intuitive, it is easier to use and the parts that aren't intuitive and used, that
people actually have to use them, so they spend the time to learn it, which
will interrupt the first workflow and cause all sorts of problems as we
transition. The tendency in this organization, I think, is because everyone's
so busy is to do the work that's in front of them that's really important
rather than learning the basics and doing that. That would be one of my
concerns on this whole process. The question, I guess, when you say 10-15
                                                                           Page 14 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/29/16
