                          TRANSCRIPT
infeasible. That doesn't go in the conditions of approval? It's just a letter
that we do separately?

Ms. Gitelman: We could have done that, but what we did hear was restate
the Code provision.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine. Those are my concerns. We'll see where
we go from there.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I just want to extend a big thank you to Golden
Gate Homes on this. You guys have set the gold standard for neighborhood
outreach. Appreciate it very much. I hope very much that we're going to
approve this plan tonight. Assuming we do, I wish you good luck and
Godspeed on the project. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I am going to support the proposal principally because our Staff
and the neighborhood as a result of the process that was accepted has
invested a year or more in bringing this project forward. We're going to do
it not because, I think, this truly is the appropriate project for a number of
reasons. First, I want to say that I believed at the time that both the project
that came to us a couple of years ago and the process that brought it there
were flawed. I attempted to have a couple of modifications to the project to
make it less onerous. Those failed against a majority of the Council at the
time. I had expressed an interest in extending the process, and that failed
as well. What we've done is gone to the other end of the pendulum. We
now have a process that really—this project is contrary to what were the
overwhelming arguments made by the opponents to the previous project.
The opponent said that they wanted a project consistent with zoning and
consistent with the Comp Plan. I see some shaking heads. For instance, our
exception—we had to make four different exceptions here basically because
it isn't compliant. That's why we're having to make these exceptions. One
is reason why we're—Number 4, the granting of the exception will not
violate requirements, goals, policies or spirit of the law. We have to make
an exception to that. The statement as a reason is because it is not likely
the site will yield multifamily densities given the neighborhood opposition.
Not based on the zoning. Just simply based on political opposition. We have
under Exception Number 2 a statement that—we have this is not R-1 zoning.
That's basically what we have. We have a project that is R-1. Number 2
says that the original intent of the applicant was to develop the property to
be consistent with R-2 and RM-15 zoning, which would have included at
least 23 dwelling units. Those are the facts and the truth. We do have a
project that the applicant has agreed to, but it's really not truthful that this

                                                                          Page 11 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
