                         TRANSCRIPT
and shocked. I think we need to remind people of that fact. That would be
equivalent to about one pound every mile that we drive. Can you imagine if
we threw out a pound of our home garbage every mile we drove? Just
throw it out the window. That would be a problem. We could fix the
problem with road sweepers and so forth. We could fix it a lot easier than
we're going to be able to fix the CO2 going into the atmosphere. We need
to move faster than the Paris accords are pushing us, the Pope is pushing
us. We're going in the right direction, but we're not moving fast enough.
Berkeley and San Francisco have come up with an ordinance to require that
of the filling stations in their towns. North Vancouver has already done it in
BC. I would think that we could take the ordinances that Berkeley and San
Francisco have already drafted. It's a 14-page document. A lot of legal
thinking went into putting it together, I guess. I don't know why we couldn't
just take that and use it without an awful lot of additional work. Although, I
admit to being very naïve in how things get done in the City of this type.
That's simply my pitch. I think if we did it, my grandchildren will thank you
for it greatly. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Sea Reddy. Welcome.

Sea Reddy: I want to take this opportunity to congratulate the students that
are graduating tomorrow. As well, I want to thank the City Council as well
as the officers that are going to support the Bernie Sanders event. I'm not a
Bernie Sanders fan, but I think it's great for democracy. I think that's what
we live for in the United States, to hear different perspectives. I hope you
use restraint and friendliness. I urge the citizens to be friendlier to the
visitors. We want to look like we are the nicest people in the town, in the
area. Back to what you're talking about, the sea level rise. I think there's
one commonality in all this. The world is changing. You have earthquakes.
You have meteoroids. We have unknown things, fracking elements. All this
require us to respond. What is the policy? I think the policy needs to be
one simple thing, save people, people's lives. Warn people ahead of time,
not when it happens or just before it happens. I think it's unwise to have
housing, affordable housing and all that, on the east side of the freeway.
We need to figure out another way to do affordable housing. Just because
you don't have money, you don't want to kill them (inaudible) from now. I
hope we can consider all these things in the elements. It does require more
staffing, but I think it requires wise planning. That's all I say. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Action Items

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Numbers 2 and 3 concurrently.

                                                                       Page 27 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
