                         TRANSCRIPT
Abrar Hussain: Thank you. Members of the City Council, Mayor and all the
Staff, I hate to be the one person standing between you and your pillow. I
will make this short. I live on 3477 Thomas Drive. I am here in support of
the SSO. I couldn't have said that a little while ago. I was actually against
the SSO. The reason why I wanted to speak and frankly be the last one to
speak is to leave you with this one thing. The reason why I made this
decision is because this is not a one-to-one issue. You see people here on
both sides. You see that some people are going against, some people are
going for it. The key here to remember is that every house that comes up
has a benefit for one person, the person building the two story, but it is a
detriment for all their neighbors. It's not a one-to-one relationship. It's a
one to at least three, at most six. You are here and elected to literally
balance. You have to make a decision. There isn't an easy one that's going
to satisfy everyone. What I will tell you is that it is not a one-to-one
decision. Each one house has an impact far greater than the benefit, and
that is finally why I decided to support the SSO. I hope you do too. Thank
you very much. I hope you sleep well.

Public Hearing continued to May 2, 2016.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes the hearing for tonight. We will
keep the hearing open to our meeting next week. Mr. Keene.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, in the spirit of nothing being simple or easy on this
issue, you have two Council Members who are recused. We're down to
seven. My understanding as of now is that we will have two Council
Members who will not be at the meeting next week. We will be five if that
holds. The City Attorney may want to just let you know what five means.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. City Attorney Molly Stump. You
can go forward with five. To pass a resolution does require five votes. Four
or three members of a five-member group could give the Staff direction, if
that was the Council's decision after hearing the matter next week.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry, repeat that. A majority of the five members present
can give Council direction?

Ms. Stump: Could give direction to the Staff, yes, to do some work and
come back, for example.

Mayor Burt: But not to pass an Ordinance.

Ms. Stump: Right. Passing an Ordinance or a resolution does require five
votes regardless of absences or recusals.

                                                                       Page 90 of 93
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/18/16
