                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: One of the things just to keep in mind is that with the pay
increases we've built in, in anticipation of some of the contracts we're
reaching, we also have some factors related to benefits that are part of
those, whether it's increased employee contributions, differences in the rates
of our healthcare plans and those sorts of thing, that at least for now do
have a rippling effect as we go forward. When we think about employee and
employer share on pension and those kinds of components, those things
start to play out.

Council Member Schmid: I guess it's important to make the case that those
numbers under salaries don't reflect take-home pay.         They reflect
investment in benefits. Is that a correct statement?

Mr. Perez: It would reflect the gross pay if I’m following your question. I'm
not sure I understand your question.

Mr. Keene: We increased the salary estimates significantly, so that would be
an increase in take-home pay.

Council Member Schmid: You're saying very clearly that the benefits, which
three months ago were growing almost twice as fast as salaries, will now
grow in the future at half the rate of salaries. That doesn't seem to be a
realistic assumption. If we're concerned about unfunded liabilities, we
should make sure we're clear.

Mr. Perez: What we did is we updated the pension rates based on the five
year projection that CalPERS gave us, that we didn't have. John Bartel did
the second five year projections. They were updated based on CalPERS' and
Mr. Bartel's expert opinions. That's the change that you're seeing.

Council Member Schmid: I did note that you reflect that Bartel updated
based upon the June 2014 data.

Mr. Perez: That's the latest data we get from CalPERS.

Council Member Schmid: He just got that. That year the CalPERS or the
stock market showed a gain of 15 percent. The year before it had been 14.
He took those two numbers and said, "This looks great. CalPERS is doing
terrific." In the year and three-quarters since that time, the total gain in the
stock market is about two percent. Are we overestimating our benefits on
the basis of one good year, Fiscal Year 2014, which is long in the past.

Mr. Perez: That's a good question. They're not.



                                                                         Page 97 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
