                         TRANSCRIPT
this came to the Finance Committee that there were three bullet areas for
how the funding might be spent, but there was no quantification provided,
as I recall.

Mr. Friend: Gil Friend. Council Member Holman, there were three bullet
areas with quantification for each of them. $50,000 for the community
engagement and outreach, $100,000 for the additional research and
analysis, and $100,000 for the various pilot projects and grant development.
The reason that this was added is, as you know, the base budget for the
Office of Sustainability is 1.65 FTE, about a half to a third of the size of
comparable offices for cities of this size, and a $60,000 budget for
contractors. We anticipate that, as we get into the work of this next year
particularly around the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP)
implementation, there will be additional work required. In order to shorten
the decision cycle of having to come back to you both to find the money as
well allocate the money, the recommendation that we developed with OMB
was to establish a contingency so that the money would be appropriated,
and then allocate it subject to decisions to be made later on your guidance
and with your approval.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for the refresher.

Mr. Friend: You're welcome.

Council Member Holman: Final, final comment that I have. We talked a
good deal about whether we should have some budget transfer or some
withdrawal from the BSR or not. One of the things that we brought up
several times was it seemed prudent, at least to some of us, to stay on an
even par and not take money out of the BSR, because we have things that
we even know about already, let alone the things that we don't know will be
coming up like the Post Office purchase and such, which we haven't
identified a funding source for yet specifically. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I was going to ask the Mayor a question. Eric, let
me ask you this. As I understand it, looking at the bottom of 129 and
flipping over, which are the seven areas that we're looking at, these are the
areas that—where it says you struggled to find consensus. My question to
Pat would have been did he suggest going through each of these one by one
and discussing them again tonight. It would seem as though that would be
somewhat redundant from what you have done as a Finance Committee. It
looks to me as though the big ones on this are probably the sustainability
contingent, Number 4 I guess it is, changes to planning and transportation,
which I presume is the one that you have here on Packet Page 131.
                                                                           Page 34 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
