                          TRANSCRIPT
option. I didn't think we'd see this. I remember the commercial proposal
that we had. I talked with those folks, the Pollack group, afterwards. They
said, "We can't do commercial. We'll build a hotel. We've crunched the
numbers, and a hotel is the only viable thing that we can build there. We
looked at housing, but it just doesn't work." Maybe a year later, I kind of
got wind of this housing proposal, and it took me by surprise, because I'd
kind of given up on that. I think that this is a perfect place for housing. I
support ground-floor retail as well, but I don't know that it's necessary at
this location. I think that'll increase traffic. I don't know that it'll be very
successful. Frankly, my number one priority over retail, over office space is
housing. If it's something that's going to reduce the number of units on the
site for retail in a non-ideal location, I don't think that's necessary for me.
That's definitely not necessary to get my support for the project. The issue
of open space has come up, and open space is important. I'd argue that the
need for housing is greater than the need for balconies. I would encourage
the applicant to look at creating some sort of community garden. My
girlfriend lives in a studio apartment in San Francisco. I think the units are
500 to 600 square feet per. They don't have balconies, but there's a
community garden in the back. They all have their own little plants that
they want, and they have a grill back there. That's an area where they get
together on Sunday afternoons and evenings. Being more efficient with our
space—I think if you have a good-sized community garden area as opposed
to small, individual balconies—I have a balcony where I live. I actually have
two. I never use them. Why? Because I'm never home. I don't think we
can deed restrict—I think Winter brought up legitimate concerns about how
we move forward on deed restricting these units. A large number of people
who live there will be millennials that are working very hard. I love having
windows, but I don't need the balcony. If there were a community garden
area, that could be a place that I'd go hang out. I'm not a stickler ...

Mayor Burt: If you were home.

Council Member Berman: If I were home, exactly. I'm not a stickler for that
requirement. You guys have offered up—this is all still in the proposal at the
preliminary stages. You clearly have thought out the TDM issues. That
definitely comes across. Staff is working on ways that we can make sure
that we're enforcing those requirements as well. The Mayor brought up
examples where sites like this don't need one parking space per unit. I
realize that that's what we've historically done, but the way people live is
changing. That's just no longer needed. I think what we need is the
housing units more than the parking spaces. Those are just a couple of my
thoughts. Obviously none of this is final. None of this is fully baked. I love
the idea of getting 60 units on this site. I don't think that it's under-parked
in terms of how it will actually be used in reality for the people who live
                                                                         Page 34 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
