                          TRANSCRIPT
night. I just want to encourage you to keep this simple. Every day, every
week, every year we don't have this bridge, bicyclists are at risk because
they are forced onto surface streets like Middlefield and San Antonio. In the
winter, in the rain, these are not where you want these bicyclists to be. It's
not where I want them to be. I just want to really encourage us to move
this thing forward as quickly as possible with as few changes as possible.
Keep stuff in here that makes it functional, but let's not delay it any further.
Let's stick with our budget. That's all I would ask. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.      Robert Neff to be followed by our final speaker,
Rob Robinson.

Robert Neff: Thank you and good evening. I think the proposed design for
this bridge at Adobe Creek is an excellent design that you should expedite as
quickly as possible. In particular, the features originally requested, the 12-
foot width, a connection to East Meadow via the Santa Clara Water District
path, and also the viewing area on the Baylands side, are valuable additions
and well done. The sidewalk access from West Bayshore incorporating the
sidewalk into the bridge and letting the space on the existing roadway bridge
be used as a bike lane is inspired. We had a lot of different proposals for
this, and none of them solved that problem until this one came to us tonight.
I'm just thrilled by that. I can see that there's a menu of options for
enhancing the design. For any expensive option, I'd suggest the City bank
the money and use it on other bicycle and pedestrian projects. I do not
favor spending several million dollars to cosmetically enhance this design.
Spending more money to widen the bridge is really not justified in my view.
The 12-foot width is the same as some of the nicest mixed-use bridges built
in the area. The Mary Avenue bridge in Cupertino and the Stevens Creek
Trail bridge over Highway 85 are both 12 feet. When I use those bridges as
a bicyclist, it is easy to safely share that bridge between me and the
occasional ambling family groups that might be heading across the bridge at
the same time. The Baylands viewing platform incorporated in the design
will offer a good space for viewing and also let people hang out on the bridge
without being in conflict with other bridge users. Please move forward as
quickly as possible on this design. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker, Rob Robinson.

Rob Robinson: Hi there. I was the one who compared the bridges nearby
us. The Permanente Bridge is 12 feet wide, which is generous, so 12 is no
problem. I would like to see the overview slide again. I can't emphasize
more than Robert did about the ingenious fix on the West Bayshore.
Building another bridge, if you will, and tearing out that dysfunctional bit of
bridge and make the sidewalk useful is just the breakthrough. Imagine how

                                                                          Page 70 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
