                         TRANSCRIPT
Maintaining, Repairing and Replacing Historic Materials. The Guidelines in
this chapter come very closely from the Secretary of the Interior Standards
and state that the preference for treating historic homes in the
neighborhood, those that up until the 1930s, is that historic materials should
be preserved and repaired whenever possible. When situations exist where
they cannot be repaired, they should be replaced using in-kind materials,
that is those materials that match as closely as possible. These include
items like shingles, siding, brackets, various decorative elements as seen in
these photos. Chapter 4 regards additions and alternations to those early
homes, up until the 1930s. Particularly with additions, it provides guidance
for where to place them within the lot. The photographs here show two
good examples of additions that are set to the side and pushed back from
the front facade, so that they appear subordinate to the original residence
and clearly identifiable as new. Although, they may have certain material
characteristics that are related to the original residence. Other Guidelines
focus on architectural style differentiation so that you can identify new
construction as well as scale. The illustrations right here illustrate what
would be appropriate and inappropriate for a new addition in comparison to
the original residence. Chapter 5 is a similar topic but for those residences
that were built after the 1930s, which may not be historic in their own right
but may have elements that are in keeping with the historic characteristics
of the neighborhood. These could be wood shingle siding perhaps or gabled
fronts.   These Guidelines work to promote the preservation of those
elements. Where new construction is proposed for additions to these types
of residents, the Guidelines aim to place those additions so that the overall
streetscape and appearance of the neighborhood is not affected. Chapter 6
is guidelines for designing entirely new construction. These Guidelines
include elements such as architectural style. In this case on the left, you
see a residence that is built in a very sympathetic style to historic homes in
the neighborhood. Also, the Guidelines state that contemporary styles are
also appropriate so long as issues like massing, roof forms, the patterns of
windows and doors relate to and match those of the historic homes that
surround them. Lastly, Chapter 7 is guidelines for site improvements
including detached secondary units, accessory buildings, landscape and the
streetscape. These Guidelines relate to those issues that I talked about
before with landscape, including promoting an open feeling in front yards,
leafy character of the neighborhood with its mature trees, attempting to
minimize the presence of pavement in front yards, the preservation of
existing garages and the construction of new garages and secondary
buildings so that they're placed on a lot not to call attention to themselves
and are subordinate to the original construction that exists on the lot. I'm
going to reintroduce this slide with our schedule just to talk about a few
different moments in the development of these Guidelines, at which we
reviewed comments that we received from various parties and made
                                                                       Page 58 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
