                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have two speaker cards. The first is Beth
Bunnenberg, and the second is Jim Wall. You're welcome to speak up to
three minutes, but don't feel obliged to use it all.

Beth Bunnenberg: Beth Bunnenberg, 2351 Ramona Street. I'm speaking as
an individual tonight. Very much in support of renewing the lease for the
Museum of American Heritage. Just about three points. First of all I've
observed that the museum has been very prudent in its financial
management. This has been a big part of their success in rehabbing the
building and all the things that were listed. Secondly, they have attracted a
large number of very skilled and talented and delightful volunteers who have
served for many years and done things that many museums have to pay to
get done. This is a real strength for the museum. It also has had very
professional directors that have directed these people. I strongly support
this recommendation. This is a true Palo Alto success story. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Jim Wall. Welcome.

Jim Wall, Board President MOAH: Good evening. Thank you. I'm the
current President of the Board of the Museum of American Heritage. Also
present is Sandra Roorda, the museum Executive Director. We primarily
wanted to be here to make sure we could answer any last minute questions
you had, to address any issues you might have, and maybe to thank you, to
take the opportunity to thank the current City Council and past City Council
and the City Staff that basically have given us the opportunity to steward
the Williams House and its gardens. We certainly look forward, anticipate
being able to do this in the future also. I don't particularly want to sell the
museum at this time. If you'd like, I will do that though. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Returning to the Council for questions, comments
and hopefully a Motion promptly. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'll be quick. The thank you is to you. It's a
wonderful museum, and I think it's one of the best kept secrets around the
Bay Area, quite frankly.      A quick question for Staff.        The Staff
recommendation is to authorize the City Manager to negotiate and enter into
a new 25-year lease agreement. A question about that. Why would it not
be to authorize the City Manager to extend the current lease for a new 25-
year lease? What's to be negotiated?

Mr. Perez:    We need to incorporate any new requirements that have
changed since that lease was established. We've got to work through those
changes and talk to the Board and finalize those details. We haven't had
time to get into all of that level of detail at this point. That's why we need
the negotiation parameters.
                                                                        Page 68 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
