                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'm looking at Packet Page 554, but I'm comparing
it to Packet Page 430 from our May 16th meeting. I'm sorry.

Ms. Gitelman: We included a kind of broader statement about commercial
densities being converted to residential densities. It just wasn't specific to
the CC(2) or any other district. Again, we had to take your direction and
kind of evolve this to the next level.

Council Member DuBois: That's helpful. I had three kind of areas of
concern. One was the process, which we addressed. Another one's kind of
the reliance on highly effective TDMs, and we've talked about that.
Performance-based zoning was another one, and then concerns about the
fiscal analysis. I had planned basically—we have until Wednesday, but I
guess we're—will we leave it open until Wednesday and then close it?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. The idea is that the written comment period will close
on close of business on Wednesday.

Council Member DuBois: Again, given the hour, I'll probably submit more
detailed things in writing. Just to highlight. I'm concerned about the
reliance on the TDM goals. I think we should look at the Stanford TDM as an
example of what's possible given kind of best conditions. To assume we
could do better or even as well Downtown seems like a pretty aggressive
assumption. You look at the history of Stanford and no new net trips. It
took them 20 years to get to where they are. Again, I would just kind of
compare what they were able to achieve with our assumptions. Again, on
the performance-based zoning, I appreciate you kind of softening that. It
was also kind of concerns about this kind of unproven idea. I think one
thing we had discussed before was could we have something in the Comp
Plan that would trigger if those things don't work. I would like to say I was
a little surprised by the business community pushing back. I'm not really
seeing a benefit to the City's ability to determine density of office use. That
seems like a pretty basic function for a city, not terribly unusual. It would
be nice to be able to work with the business community in a productive way
to really determine what densities are good for employees and good for the
City. The same thing. We're one of the few cities in California without a
business license. It's not a radical idea. It won't be the end of Palo Alto if
we have one. On the fiscal analysis, I read that report quite a while ago, I
guess, when it came out. I really found it pretty troubling. The analysis was
done at the scenario level. We've been told that we're going to mix and
match these scenarios. That report basically assumed we're going to do
Scenario 1 or Scenario 2, and it analyzed the fiscal impacts. I think it would
have been much more useful if we had some indication of more at program
level, like how valuable are the sustainability functions, how valuable are the

                                                                           Page 72 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
