                          TRANSCRIPT
million, does that include Staff time? Is that related to that $17 million we
spent before or is this $10-15 million—how do I relate the $10-15 million in
this to the 43 million we spent since 2003? How do I get apples to apples on
that?

Mr. Reichental: The $43 million includes everything, so it would have been
any of the upgrades we made, any of the changes, and the software and the
maintenance. The 15 plus or minus will become clear as we go through this
process now ahead of us, will include the acquisition of the software and any
hardware—hopefully there's not much of that—the implementation costs, the
training. The day that the service goes on and we start to use it as a
protection environment is a different figure. That's just the cost of doing
business. That's the operating cost.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That doesn't include the operating cost. That's the ...

Mr. Reichental: That potential $15 million over five years does not include
just operating the system. That's getting it to the point at which it operates.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Would it be $3 million a year to start with or it would be
an upfront of, say, $10 million and then you pay? How does that work in
terms of budgeting process? Do we suddenly have a budget out there in the
Long Range Forecast that we should be putting in? Here's $10 million for
this or is it we currently have $3 million so it doesn't change the Budget.

Mr. Reichental: The numbers will be different over the period of time based
on what we're doing. In fact, we did sit down with Lalo Perez and his team
to try to do some projections on exactly that. There will be a year when we
have the most amount of help to get certain pieces working, where the
numbers spike and then it drops a little bit. It does peter out as we get
towards the end of it. It is a fluctuating number. Yes, as we come forward
with asks, it'll be different each Fiscal Year.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess my question is when we looked at this, is this
something that's going to impact the Budget in a way that other things are
going to have to fall off? I mean, even an extra $3 million in the Budget if
revenues go up or down, it could be a big impact.

Mr. Reichental: I hope not. The reason I say that is when we procure IT
systems at the City that are used by everybody across the departments,
they pay IT back for the use of that as a charge-back mechanism. Over the
last 15 years effectively, we've collected money for this exercise. There is
what's called an IT Reserve which is separate cash that's sitting there for the
replacement project. I defer to City Manager or Lalo ...

                                                                         Page 15 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/29/16
