                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:     These don't apply to districts.      They apply to individual
projects.

Council Member Schmid: Mm hmm, TDMs.

Mayor Burt: The proper comparison is, for instance, an individual project in
the Stanford Research Park that might be a large building.

Council Member Schmid: The Downtown TDM is an association, a group.
That's how we've been talking about it.

Mayor Burt: It is, but that's not what this Schedule applies to. There's no
way in which this Schedule applies to the Downtown TMA.

Council Member Schmid: I guess that's—is that correct?             What is the
Schedule for, if it's not for the Downtown TMA?

Ms. Gitelman: The idea here is to be able to assess a penalty to an
applicant who pledges as part of a project approval to prepare and comply
with a TDM plan and then fails to do so. We would be able to charge a fine
of up to $500 a day, increasing to $1,000 a day, for the first six months we
notice that kind of violation, and then increase it significantly after the first
six months. In reality, again, we're not in this to make money. We're in
this to get compliance. We would issue a notice. We would work with the
applicant in trying to bring them into compliance. It would be nice to have
this recommended penalty of $2,000 a day after six months rising to $4,000
a day if necessary as a significant incentive if we're not reaching compliance
in another way.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “increase the penalty for violations of
Municipal Code Section 18.52.050 to $1,000.”

Mayor Burt: They apply to individual projects. Let me try and move the ball
forward. I would offer an amendment that 18.52.050 amount be doubled to
an initial maximum amount of $1,000 a day and an ultimate one of $4,000 a
day. If I have a second.

Council Member Schmid: Second.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. We should have …

Council Member Kniss: Why don't you incorporate (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I should have asked the maker and the seconder. I apologize.
Are you good with it?
                                                                          Page 43 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
