                         TRANSCRIPT
parking officer. I call on a regular basis; they're out there in 20 minutes,
half an hour. There's never a problem. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Jack Morton.

Jack Morton: Good evening, Council Members. It reminds of days past. My
name is Jack Morton, and I'm the President of the California Avenue Small
Business Association. I'm here to support the untenable and impossible
situation that Evergreen Park and Southgate face. Those neighborhoods
with million dollar-plus homes should be ideal. They walk to an area that
has a shoe store, a bakery, a camera store, grocery stores, restaurants,
dentists, insurance and mortgage brokers, low-income health services,
psychologists, family services. What's the problem? The problem is there is
nowhere to park. Most of those small businesses employ three or four
people of lower wages, and they need to park there. Many of them all do.
Where else do they park? They can't park in California Avenue. If you make
that an area for employees, then there's no place for the restaurants to have
parking at noon. You can't park anywhere between roughly 10:30 and 2:30
in Cal. Ave. I support the previous speaker who suggested you've got to
expand the supply. Instead of waiting to build a parking structure when you
move the police building to Cal. Ave., you need to take action now. If you're
going to implement a restrictive parking area, some part of that area has to
go for the employees of small businesses. The ultimate solution means you
have to accelerate the building of more multilevel parking structures. If you
don't, this whole area is going to lose most of the things that make that area
ideal. There are more people who love California Avenue for what it
provides in services. Take a big view. There's not just one problem. Most
of the people that are small business are not high tech; they're not Paly
people; they're not Stanford overflow. They are generally lower paid people
who provide the services that most of the residents love. You have a
problem to solve, and it is time to move forward with a solution. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council for a discussion and
motions. Council Member Filseth, is your light on deliberately?

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I was one of the authors of the
Colleagues' Memo. Thank you to all of the people who came out here
tonight and to the Staff for the work they've done. I was one of the authors
of the Colleagues' Memo. The reason we did it was we felt that there was a
dire problem and it didn't feel like we as a City were responding fast enough.
We wanted to spur some action. As we went through this tonight, at some
level it feels like we might have gone back a half step. We're talking about
the pros and cons of RPPPs. I thought we'd moved beyond that. It also has
the tenor of looking at neighborhoods as parking lots. We're talking in terms

                                                                       Page 91 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
