                          TRANSCRIPT
continuing some of this conversation at a higher level in addition to more
discrete, important topic areas. Council Member DuBois had mentioned earlier
something that I think that, or touched on it, that the City Manager also did.
We've got issues around the Staff work plan, and the Council work plan and our
time. Within that subset, the City Manager spoke about how much—we need to
ask ourselves to reflect on how much of our focus we want to be on policy and
how much, for instance, on oversight. Two of our principal functions. I'm not
assuming that gets resolved today. I'm just laying some things out on the
table. Within that Staff time issue is this issue of ongoing relationship between
our Priority setting around subcategories of our City Council Priorities and Staff
resources and having to figure out how to balance what we've asked to be done
with what can be done. That's kind of one level of trying to frame and a little
bit of a stall while we're counting dots. This is not meant to be comprehensive.
What the Staff did is they listed the ones that are five dots or above. How
many—that looks like a pretty good number, five. Seventeen got five or above
out of 24 dots. What did we have? Twenty-four. That's a good reference
point. It doesn't mean that if you got four dots, you're off the list. Remember
we put that in context. This just helps us. I should have mentioned too that
some of those projects look like they could have been folded together into one.
The voting got divided perhaps. We just have to keep all that in mind. This is
very imperfect, but maybe it'll inform conversation. If it's okay, I'll just read off
the ones. Seven dots, grade crossings.

Female: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I just did.

Council Member Berman: Seven dots.

Mr. Keene: No, the number of the item.

Mayor Burt: No.

Council Member Berman: That would take forever.

Mayor Burt: It's high level.

Mr. Keene: You'll have it by next week.

Mayor Burt: We'll get it sent out. Then we have the following six with six dots:
local transportation funding which is a sheet that was added, it wasn't up there;
Public Safety Building; traffic signal timing; Bike and Pedestrian Plan, I'll note
there were a lot of sheets up there related to Bike and Pedestrian Plan; Housing
Element, and there were a number of things up there related to housing;
Sustainability/Climate Action Plan. The following ones all got five: Parks, Trails
                                                                            Page 59 of 86
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 01/30/16
