                          TRANSCRIPT
The project that we're doing with Santa Clara Valley Water District,
everyone's talking to each other and everyone's sharing information.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I would like to have a reference in there to
the studies that are being done in San Mateo County since it does include
the San Francisquito Creek, which is us.

Ms. Dailey: Okay.

Mayor Burt: We're going to have comment period opportunities coming up.

Council Member Schmid: One other question, technical question. On Page
318, you have our base historical and projected data. This, I assume, we're
working with and is given to our Sustainability Plan. It is quite striking that
the number of accounts, Table 12, shows virtually zero growth. Yet, on Page
281, where you show Palo Alto population, it is growing from the period
between now and 2030 14 percent. Those two numbers don't make sense
together. To say we're trying to solve a problem where we assume there
will be no new water accounts is a striking statement when later this evening
we're talking about scenarios about growth. How do you reconcile your
having virtually zero growth in new accounts and the fact the rest of the City
in the Comprehensive Plan is talking about 14 percent growth?

Ms. Dailey: I'm going to have to get back to you on that one. Certainly the
population numbers are Association of Bay Area Government numbers. The
accounts are generated internally.

Council Member Schmid: I know we have the population figures there, but
in addition we are talking about millions of square feet of office commercial
space. There should be some commercial accounts showing activity here.
It's hard to vote this as our Water Plan and then to the Sustainability Plan
and say you have different numbers.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Was Council Member Schmid complete?

Council Member Schmid: If there is a response.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. I'm trying to find the question per se, a technical
question versus kind of eliciting ...

Council Member Schmid:     The technical question says why are water
accounts not growing. Is that are assumption we're making in the Water
Plan?

                                                                        Page 38 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
