                          TRANSCRIPT
Sandra Slater: Thank you, Council Members, for the opportunity to address
you this evening. Also, thank you for your commitment and all the hard
work you do on behalf of our community. To the Staff also for all their hard
work on this project. This has definitely been a group effort involving Lisa
van Dusen and me as citizens bringing this forward, the UAC, our fine City
Staff. Thanks to Jane for your 30 years of service, and to Karla for her work
and the Finance Committee. We've been advancing and shepherding this
through the various entities. There's been really a unanimous agreement
that something must be done to mitigate the harmful effects of natural gas.
Natural gas was once considered a great way to wean ourselves off of coal,
and as such was touted as the cleaner bridge to a renewable energy future,
but we were misinformed. Natural gas is an extremely potent greenhouse
gas. In fact, in answer to your question, Mr. Mayor, according to the Union
of Concerned Scientists, the drilling and extraction of natural gas from wells
and transportation and pipelines results in the leakage of methane that is 86
times stronger a greenhouse gas over a 20-year period. Preliminary studies
and field measurements show that these so-called fugitive emissions are just
the tip of the iceberg.      They occur not only in extraction but in the
transporting of gas right here in Palo Alto and even as it travels through the
City to our homes and businesses. Karla alluded earlier that about 27
percent of our carbon footprint comes from natural gas, but that doesn't
even include the fugitive emissions, which are substantial. The purchasing
of high-quality offsets is the least we can do. It's not a panacea, but it is a
great step in the right direction. I would support developing local offsets as
we've discussed tonight to make our community even more efficient and
resilient and hope that you can direct Staff to study this further. You voted
last week to adopt the S/CAP of 80 by '30, and I applaud your unanimous
decision for that. The green gas initiative supports this effort and will send a
signal to Palo Altans that we are using all the tools in the toolbox to reach
that goal. The green gas program offers an interim strategy. I'm a firm
believer in an all-of-the-above tactic to get to where we need to be. We
need efficiency programs, local offsets, fuel switch to cleaner energy sources
for our cars and our homes. We need a real tax on carbon, but these things
all take time. It's imperative that we increase our efforts on efficiency in
fuel switching, finding creative ways to finance and implement these
programs through programs like on-bill financing. The Council passed a
resolution in 2009 to account for all externalities in the way the City does its
business. This helps you fulfill that promise of that resolution. We have as a
community decided to be bold. Let's continue down this moral path with a
program that moves us in the right direction and know that we're doing as
much as possible as quickly as possible. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lisa van Dusen, to be followed
by Dr. William Conlon.
                                                                          Page 30 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
