                          TRANSCRIPT
will be confusing to the public. I know that Staff has said we pick and
choose and mix them up, but I don't think that will be as clear to the public.
It kind of looks like you can't have any of those great public transit and
Caltrain improvements unless you go for the big growth scenario. That is
two of the most important things to me. I'm also very mindful of the
discussion that the Council had earlier about water. There are not a finite
amount of resources. We're contemplating a City where people can no
longer eventually—I guess lawns will be amortized out. Is it really the case
that we can actually have unmitigated growth? I also worry when people
start mixing items up from the different scenarios. I wonder how, under
that mix and match scenario, the impacts and mitigations would be properly
evaluated for the final EIR. I'm also very interested in pursuing a more
creative use of the Research Park with Stanford. I think that maybe it's an
opportunity for housing, and it's probably—as the largest employment center
in the City, I think it's also an opportunity for Stanford maybe to provide a
regional private bus service that they fund. Even if we go forward and let
them develop all the office that they have left there, nearly another million
square feet, we should be mitigating the single-vehicle trips to the Research
Park already. Stanford knows how to do that really well. I'm not sure what
the answer is there, but I think we need a more creative approach to what's
going on in the Research Park. Since so many of colleagues touched on so
many other important things, I think I will just leave it at that. I wanted to
mention something. I really appreciate the need for data-driven planning,
but I also think there's an old phrase in planning that you plan for what you
want. I think that is true also. I'm also mindful of the fact recently I went
through a lot of really old documents, older planning documents from like
the '70s. In the mid '70s, Palo Alto thought it was a built-out City with a
traffic problem. I think we better start doing something on that. Thank you.

Mr. Garber: Thank you, Doria. Alex, the last speaker.

Alex van Riesen, CAC Member: Good evening. I'm guessing I'm your
favorite guy, because I'm the last one. I just thought I'd close by reiterating
every comment that every other person on the team made. I think you'd all
...

Male: (inaudible)

Mr. van Riesen: Yeah, exactly. As you can see, we're a timid group, and we
don't have many opinions. I think almost everybody spoke. There are a few
who didn't. That is very indicative of our meetings. I have lived here for 17
years; I went to school here, went down to Southern California where I grew
up for 13 years, came back in the late '90s. I'm the pastor of a local church.
I'm also a professional—part of the church rents. We both rent our facility at

                                                                            Page 76 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
