                         TRANSCRIPT
Once you're over capacity, then if that new demand results in delays to
travelers, that also leads to potentially the expansion of new facilities that
will have an effect on the environment. Those type of impacts do need to be
disclosed. You do have this tug of war, if you will, under those issues.
Under CEQA, we are required to disclose impacts of mitigation measures.
Even if we recommend more transit, that could generate some type of
environmental effect that we need to disclose.

Council Member DuBois: I think you started to touch on this. I'm probably
not the only one that's still confused about VMT. It seems like there's
different kinds of VMT measures. You could talk about VMT per capita. I
think we're predicted to double our senior population. Just as people get
older, that number could go down. You could have VMT per employed
people. Like Karen said, if the market turns down, your numbers just get
better because fewer people are working. You could look at, I guess, total
VMT for a city. Are we going to start to see different metrics like that?

Mr. Milam: Yes. There's already a lot of different versions of VMT out there.
We use VMT for lots of other purposes. This is going to be one of the
challenges that we all run into. If you picked up an EIR today, you should
see VMT in at least three other sections, not transportation. The energy
section, because the amount of mobile travel to and from a site demands
and consumes energy. Air quality, when you drive around you're generating
air pollutants, and greenhouse gases. We already have VMT in those other
three sections. We're going to put it over in the transportation section. Are
we putting it in, in the same exact form as those other sections, because
there's different methodologies used in those other sections as well? When
we set thresholds, again what is an acceptable level of VMT is usually easier
to think about when you tie it back to air pollutants or greenhouse gases
because there's Federal or State laws that tell you how much of those things
you can emit. With transportation, we don't have quite the same direct
connection to an environmental resource.           It's tied really to your
transportation network. If you express VMT as per capita or per employee,
it does serve as an efficiency metric. It's actually hard for people to think
about and understand what's good VMT versus bad VMT in that case.

Council Member DuBois: It's going to be interesting. You started to touch
on my next question, which is how do we start to think about congestion. If
somebody's sitting in traffic for 30 minutes to go two miles, it's a two mile
VMT but it could be a lot of greenhouse gas. We're not really capturing the
efficiency of the network anymore.

Mr. Milam: To the extent that a community still values traffic and level of
service-type calculations, you can still do that and include that information

                                                                       Page 17 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
