                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Pirnejad: Possibly. We just issue the permits. They come with what
they want. We just try to expedite the process as best we can. Bathroom
remodels, like I mentioned. Residential remodels are going from $4,000 to
about $4,900. Minor changes. You'll notice that in a bathroom remodel the
price actually goes down. Is that right?

Mr. Angell: Yes.

Mr. Pirnejad: Because we changed our per fixture fee. Good news in some
cases. You might see more bathrooms. That's a good thing.

Mayor Burt: That cover it?

Mr. Pirnejad: That does.

Mayor Burt: Any questions? Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This is sort of a practical question. I noticed plumbing
fixtures. We used to charge $3 each. Now, we charge—is that a flat fee of
$88? Is that how that works? If I have a bathroom and I have a shower, a
thing. We were charging $3 each per fixture, and now we're charging a flat
$88.

Mr. Pirnejad: Yes. We went from a per-fixture fee to a flat fee with the
thinking that once you're on a job site, whether you check one fixture or 20
fixtures, you're already there. The cost of travel should be taken out of the
equation. The cost to go and do the one fixture is a little higher, but we're
assuming that you're going to be doing multiple fixtures when you're at the
site doing an inspection.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This is my practical question. I'm in my shower, and I
decide I don't really like this showerhead. I go onto Amazon.com, order a
new showerhead, unscrew my showerhead, screw the new one on. Would I
need a permit for that?

Mr. Pirnejad: I don't know. Do you do it with the lights on or off?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't know. If I do it with the lights off or on …

Mr. Pirnejad: I could bring my building official to ask specific questions
about what would require a permit.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My question is a serious one.

Mr. Pirnejad: For a showerhead, no. (crosstalk)

                                                                         Page 81 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
