                          TRANSCRIPT
giving up the exception, we are doubling or tripling the size of the activity in
the building on the Palo Alto thing. What does this mean to traffic? We've
got to take that into account. We also are committing, by building the
exception and putting more activity there, to Palo Alto as a commuter center
and point of transiency, moving through. We are not investing in the
community. Who's investing in community in that particular place? Look at
Stanford. Over the last year, Stanford has put substantial housing on
California Avenue near College Terrace. They're building now along El
Camino, just to the north of Page Mill. They are transforming Escondido
Village, putting in housing. They are showing us, showing to us the
importance of community, of keeping a community. Question is what can be
done with this site under CS zoning. It allows mixed use. Maybe we should
be talking about housing. If you want to five exemptions or exceptions,
maybe they should be on the housing side. One other question I would raise
is right across the street is CPI. As I recall, a couple of weeks ago the
Council passed a notion of let's move these dangerous chemicals from near
people on Chimalus Way northward, moves it right to where the hotel is
being built. The question is what are we doing on a health basis by
encouraging CPI to move chemical activities which had some health impacts
closer to what we say is going to be a big luxury hotel. I think there are a
number of questions about that site. It's important, one, because it is the
only site in that area that the City controls through their zoning and
exceptions and 50-foot setbacks where they have some impact on this
transition from the Research Park to the City.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have a couple of questions on this diagram of the
existing and proposed. On the existing, it seems to show the property
extending onto the sidewalk. Could you clarify that?

Mr. Lait: I don't believe it does extend into the ...

Mr. Popp: If I may? I studied the drawings pretty carefully. In the
Geographic Information System (GIS) system, the line is drawn
inconsistently. The surveys that we have of the site accurately reflect that
the property line is essentially back of sidewalk and does not extend over
the way it is described in that little diagram. The diagram is just not
accurate.

Council Member DuBois: Which is how you have it in the new diagram. I
appreciate the owner coming here tonight. You've owned the property for
30 years. I assume you were aware of this setback on the property.


                                                                         Page 36 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
