                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Last week, I went before the August body of the
Cities Association where I was reelected to serve on the Bay Area Air Quality
Management District Board. Thank you all. Also wanted to pass this on to
you. From time to time, there are a variety of grants that come out. This
one says Dear Mr. Hamm Congratulations. We're writing to notify you of the
blah, blah the Air District's Board of Directors recommendation to give
transportation funds for Clean Air TFCA Funds to the research center in order
to put in 24 single-port, DC charging stations. The $120,000 will go to
them. From time to time, we do get grants. I know that you receive these
as well, but I thought you might like to know that there is money. We do
get some money from time to time. This is for electric vehicles. That's it.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Also in addition I see two other colleagues here, but I want to
announce one important thing related to the aircraft noise. As you probably
have read, Congresswomen Speier and Eshoo and Congressman Farr have
created a select committee for their three different Congressional Districts,
each having the option to appoint four representatives to, within the next 6
weeks, make recommendations to the FAA on noise reduction. Vice Mayor
Scharff was appointed as an alternate. I think we were disappointed that
our colleagues in the Cities Association didn't see that we deserved to have a
full appointment.      Fortunately, Congresswoman Eshoo has appointed
Supervisor Simitian who is well versed on the issues and understands the
impacts that they've had on Palo Alto. We are confident the data shows Palo
Alto, East Palo Alto, and East Menlo Park are the epicenter of these impacts.
I think that between Vice Mayor Scharff and Supervisor Simitian, we'll be
well represented. We'll have to make sure our voices are heard. Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: That was my point. I was just going to ask if
somebody wanted to report out on that vote. That was covering my point.
Thank you, Pat.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Three things quickly. On the 3rd of March which,
I think, was since our last Council meeting, I with Vice Mayor Scharff
attended a San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission
(BCDC) event on sea level rise which I thought was very useful and
informative. A good table top exercise at least to start thinking about what
some of the impacts might be, but there's much more to think and do on
that front, as we all know. Also along with, I believe, Council Members
Schmid and Holman attended the FAA and Sky Posse meeting here. I
thought Staff did a great job with that. On 3/9, I just wanted to say thank

                                                                        Page 98 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
