                         TRANSCRIPT
anything. I just wanted to give you the basis for our recommendation. One
of the points of feedback was it really should be every year, and it should be
peer as well as direct report. That is a much broader scope. It's not that it
couldn't happen. I think it would be somewhat cumbersome, again just from
my former City Manager perspective, to have a colleague comment on
another colleague, but you might want to invite that. I just don't know
(crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: You mean CAO and CAO?

Vice Mayor Scharff: This would be a CAO commenting on the other CAO.

Ms. Figone: CAO to CAO. That's what I would consider a peer … I think
that's awkward, but …

Council Member Holman: It's what we've done in the past.

Ms. Figone: I'm not familiar with that. I know it isn't what we did in 2015.
That would just be one question, is it annual or not. Is there a peer-to-peer
dimension? I would recommend that we be given the opportunity, whether
it's every other year or every other [sic] year, to work with your HR
Department to fashion, I think, an improvement over the 2015 survey.
Maybe that's something that's less cumbersome to process. That would be
online. If you did want MRG to follow up with people or give them the
opportunity to say, "Please call me about this," I think we'd have to take a
look at what that means in terms of scope. The other thought I would just
throw out there—maybe this could be too much to take on for 2017—is I've
thought for you as well as for the cities I've worked for that an employee
satisfaction survey that is a standardized survey, that can happen every 2
years or if you wanted it every year—let's just say every 2 years, because
that is a best practice—might be the better approach because it's not
focused on the CAO. It's focused on what's happening in the culture and the
organization. The interpretation could be what falls in the City Manager's
lap, what falls in whoever's lap. That depends on what your purpose is in
having a survey. If you want a survey that is focused specifically on the
CAOs, where people can air their grievances or how they feel, that is a
different survey than a general employee satisfaction survey. One of the
recommendations in the report is for you to discuss this, get (inaudible)
feedback and your thoughts. Maybe what we do is walk away with an
assignment to bring you back some options, even if we're stepping into
them. Just in the interest of time, bring it back to the Committee in time to
at least implement something that's a step in the right direction for 2017,
with the idea that we can—you as a City can refine it over time depending
on your goal. I know I've thrown a lot at you. I guess the last thing I would

                                                                                      Page 4 of 20
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript 11/16/16
