                          TRANSCRIPT
threshold a little bit.     As you can see, they kept the 500 for new
construction, and they lowered the rehabilitation from 2,500 down to 1,000.
The only thing that we did that was different from the BAWSCA Ordinance
was lower it so that all projects would be required. Keep in mind only
projects that are required to get a building permit are required to get this
additional landscaping permit. If you are just remodeling—if you are just re-
landscaping your front yard and doing nothing else, you would not be
required to get a building permit. You'd only be required to get a separate
landscaping permit for a landscaping plan that's in conjunction with a
building permit. I just wanted to make sure that was clear. Really, that's
the main distinction from the BAWSCA Ordinance.             The intent of the
BAWSCA Ordinance was to simplify the State Ordinance, which we reviewed,
and it's quite complicated. Any modifications that we make to the State
Ordinance would have to be reviewed by a third party to ensure that it's
consistent and not less restrictive than the State's. Ultimately, the State's
Ordinance has to be complied with. Options today, before the Council, if I
could just jump to the chase, would be do nothing. The State's Ordinance
becomes effective. The cons to that—the negatives to that is that we don't
have the ability to track those permits separately and report back to the
State. The State Ordinance is very convoluted and confusing to our experts
that have tried to review it. The State Ordinance is difficult for consumers to
understand. That's an option. The second option would be to come back at
a later time and just adopt the BAWSCA Ordinance, which is the exact same
as the State with some modifications to simply the language. As you can
see, the square footages have just been reduced a little bit. The third option
would be to modify some of the typographical errors that we found, thanks
to some of the comments from Council, and move forward with our
Ordinance which would basically do what I've already mentioned.
Understanding that this was a rushed Ordinance, it was an Executive Order
from the Governor, so we have very limited time to respond to this. We
engaged the public through the Green Building Advisory Group. We had a
full day retreat. Water efficiency was a major topic of discussion, focused on
the drought. We received a lot of public comment from that. Staff was
involved. The BAWSCA effort was also a very public and transparent
process, which we found out through various parties that invited us. It
seems that this has gone through some public process. There's always room
for more, and we can very well go out and do more as long as the Council
understands that if we do nothing, the State's Code would be mandated. If,
at some time, we decide to change that, we always can—it's just a matter of
communicating that to the public and understanding full well that if we make
any changes to the State's Code, we would need a third party to verify that
it's more restrictive and less than the State.

Mayor Burt: More restrictive?
                                                                            Page 29 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
