                          TRANSCRIPT
within existing height limits, setbacks, site development standards, etc. I
think slightly more than half of the CAC members were open to some height
increase for strategically placed housing, especially affordable housing.
Again, this is housing for seniors, housing for adults with disabilities, and
again along those C corridor areas. A few other CAC members have
expressed an interest in what is known as car-lite micro units, again going
back to the sort of parking reduction idea. Some CAC members are
obviously very concerned about the parking requirements and want to
ensure that there's adequate parking onsite. I think that kind of captures
the range of ideas that are offered on the CAC with respect to small units.
Overall, there is interest in it and placing that in the C zones. With respect
to mixed use, there's definitely a broad sense that there's support for
retail/residential mixed use designations. Comp Plan Policy L-10 already
supports this, the idea within the C zones of allowing greater residential floor
area ratios. If you were allowed 2.0, maybe increasing the residential share
to 1.5 or 1.75, something a little bit higher or having a pure retail over
residential mixed use zoning designation would help. I think there's also
some concern from several CAC members recognizing that there's a finite
amount of expansion that the City can provide, and any time redevelopment
occurs there may be a displacement of existing tenants, whether that's small
commercial or residential who might not be able to find new or afford more
expensive rents. There's interest in retaining members of our community
who have already made the commitment to being in the City. CAC members
included support for including office space, maybe like the idea of a single-
story, ground floor retail, single story office, and then additional stories of
residential. On San Antonio Road, it's a little bit of a mixed bag. There's not
a lot of consensus, but a couple of ideas. Some members are open to keep
San Antonio Road sites, because the services might be there given what's
happening kind of southward. Again, there's the concern, however, that
anytime you redevelop it may displace the existing tenants. Retaining those
community members in the existing sites along San Antonio Road is
important to several of the members.

Ms. Summa: Thank you, Mayor and City Council. Moving on to the Fry's
site. We felt like this was one of the most important opportunities that could
yield more housing and other exciting ideas. The Fry's site provides a
unique opportunity as it will be a clean slate and can be designed from the
ground up to benefit what the City needs most and what residents need the
most, with possibly potential for some higher buildings and density towards
the center of the development that transitions on the perimeters so it can
coexist and be compatible with existing neighborhoods. We're also thinking
there definitely of parkland opportunities and even maybe daylighting or
unchannelizing Matadero Creek.         That's an exciting opportunity.    The
affordable housing overlay. There was general agreement that this should
                                                                         Page 53 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
