                         TRANSCRIPT
been happening, that we were concerned about and the community was
concerned about?

Ms. Gitelman: I think what you're referring to is in the Code cleanup
ordinance.     We created a process for affirmative and formal Code
interpretations. Staff could initiate an interpretation. If we had a number of
situations calling into question one section of the Code, we could make a
formal interpretation and publish that for review. Similarly if we made an
interpretation that an applicant or someone interested in a property didn't
agree with, we could make that available in writing. We included an appeal
provision in the Code. We haven't had occasion to use that provision, but
it's available. In fact, we could have used it for a couple of the cases this
evening. It seems unnecessary in the case of an interim Ordinance where
we could just bring it and have the kind of conversation we're having this
evening. That provision does exist in Code, and we could use it in the
future.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's proceed to the public. We have 12, 13—I
have 12 already. We have a lot of speakers. Each speaker will have up to
three minutes to speak. Given the number of speakers, if somebody else
has represented your thoughts and you want to attribute yours to say, "I
agree with the last speaker" or whatever, feel free to do that. It'll speed up
the process. Our first speaker is Michael Morris, to be followed by Soroush
Kaboli. Welcome.

Michael Morris: Mr. Mayor, Honorable Council, thank you for listening to us
this evening in regards to our waiver request for 100 Addison. The Morrises
are not developers. We are a small family with close to 100 years of Palo
Alto residency. This building is part of the future for us and generations to
come. The lack of any income has caused a financial strain on the family.
We have had no income from this property since July 2015 but have had to
bear the carrying costs all the same. We've offered the property at a major
discount, below what is considered market rate for the area. We've also
cooperated with the City every step of the way in applying for this waiver,
offering anything requested by the Planning Department. We wish to remain
in harmony with the residential homes directly on the other side of the alley
from our building. We have sent you letters, emails and a petition about our
request for a waiver from the Ordinance. As my Cubberley High School
forensics teacher once told me, "Tell them. Tell them you told them. Tell
them again." We have, and thank you for that. In our request for the
waiver, in our opinion, there has been a few inconsistencies in implementing
the ordinances.     Section 18.85.104(a) talks about economic hardship.
We've presented documentation requested by Planning. The result of no
income and continuing expenses, according to Planning, does not constitute
                                                                       Page 57 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
