                          TRANSCRIPT
Scenarios are a strategic planning method used to make flexible, long-term
plans. Why flexible? Because we're facing unprecedented and unpredictable
change. We can't nail down every step for the next 14 years; we need a
flexible framework for doing that. This is a portfolio of measures. It's a
collection of possible moves that we could take.            Like an investment
portfolio, it's designed to be managed according to the investor's risk
tolerance, timeframe and investment objectives. Those are some of the
things we'll need to talk about, which elements of this portfolio contribute
best to the results that we want to find for the community. This is a
Directional Plan. It's a Strategic Plan, not an Implementation Plan. It's
starting at a higher frame. There will need to be Implementation Plans to
support it, but this is the basis for discussion. I want to state just to be
clear, before we go into some of the numbers, that most of the numbers
that you've seen in this plan are estimates. They're well thought-through
and grounded estimates based on assumptions that Betty and her team
have vetted, but they're not precise. Assume that everything you're seeing,
there's probably a plus or minus 10 percent kind of number. Transportation
numbers probably a bit softer. Utility numbers probably a bit tighter. The
direction that we have proposed in the S/CAP and that we're certainly
hearing from around the world, the direction is clear. We're looking at how
to de-carbonize industrial society over the course of this century. It's a tall
order. It's a remarkable transformation, and one that has—we've seen
energy systems change in the global economy before, but never intentionally
and directed in a short period of time. With that in mind, we've put forward
the provisional target of reducing emissions 80 percent by 2030. Just to
give you a broader sense of what's in the Plan, I've talked with you before
about investigating three scenarios: a 100-percent reduction by 2025; an
80-percent reduction by 2030; and an 80-percent reduction by 2050, the
California Plan. This is sort of like the Goldilocks story; we've taken the one
in the middle. Many people felt that the 80 percent by 2050 target was
frankly not challenging enough given where this City already is. Some
people felt that the 100-percent target by 2025 was too steep a climb. Let's
start in the middle there. We've got, as I mentioned before, ten domains of
action. There are 24 strategies gathered there with about 375 specific
actions beneath them. We're obviously not going to go into all the actions
tonight. I would encourage us to keep the conversation more strategic and
higher level and defer detailed examination of specific actions for another
time. The process that we've undertaken here is extensive work by City
Staff with our consulting team, both from DNV GL and from the Rocky
Mountain Institute, participation from Staff in multiple departments through
our sustainability board and individual activities, an Advisory Council of some
22 people who have worked with us from the beginning. Their names are up
on screen here. Design (inaudible) early in the process, engaging 40
citizens, an ideas expo with 80 people participating, the Climate Summit that
                                                                         Page 17 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
