                           TRANSCRIPT
thing. If they have indoor seating or outdoor seating, to not be constrained
by ...

Mayor Burt:   Are you saying that it would be a permissible use from the
outset?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mayor Burt: I think we should think about what portion of the retail would
be allowed to be essentially a small restaurant.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine. I was actually even thinking of coffee
shops. If they want to have a little outdoor seating or that kind of stuff, but
yes.

Mayor Burt: It's a little tough to do this on the fly, but I wouldn't—if we,
say, allowed up to 25 percent of the retail space to be for—essentially it's
restaurant use. I would add that condition that up to 25 percent of the retail
space be allowed for restaurant use.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's good.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “authorize up to 25 percent
of retail space be allowed for restaurant use.” (New Part G).

Mayor Burt: I think with the 30 percent TDM, we're still in good shape on
the parking. The other thing that we basically now are back to a project that
has less office than arguably is permitted under existing zoning. It may not
be the project that we all would design if we didn't have zoning, but we do.
Going forward, we're going to have some opportunities to change our
zoning, but we have to figure out what we can have as the best project
possible under the zoning that exists today. I think these changes move it
in that direction. Do all the speakers want to speak to the motion, I
assume? Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I want to try one more addition to this that will let
me vote for this more comfortably. I asked the applicant or I spoke about
this when I was doing my questions. I would like to see two BMRs rather
than one BMR and in lieu contribution. I could either do that as an
amendment and force it or ask the applicant if he would be willing to allow
that. Your call, Mayor Burt.

Mayor Burt: I don't know whether the applicant would want to respond on
the fly to that proposal or whether we simply put it in—I guess I'd have a

                                                                        Page 48 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
