                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: If I'm doing an analysis and I can look at what's going to
happen if you've got a 2.0 and I can look at what's going happen in a 1.5,
I'm going to ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: The other argument I'd make on this is since we
already have the thing about replacing FAR with housing, this will actually
reduce available FAR for housing. Where we end up is we already have a
50,000 limit a year. What you'll end up doing is reducing the amount of
available FAR for housing on the Cal. Ave., which is not necessarily
something you want on this. I'm not sure. If you can't unbundle it and
we're making—why 1.5? Why not 1.75? It's just pulling something out of
the hat without any thought. I don't think that's a good plan.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: This has been thought about for a long time about
the housing. Even with the 1.5, you've still got density bonuses to allow for
more housing. I don't think it's a ...

Mayor Burt: Let's just go on with the separate vote items.

Council Member DuBois:     There wasn't a second on that one.       Is that a
separate vote?

Mayor Burt: Because I've withdrawn my second?

Council Member Berman: I'll replace your second.

Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead. First we'll vote on—this is separate vote A.
Everybody understand. Read it. In Scenario 5 we will study—a favorable
vote means that we will—a yes vote means that we will study 1.5 in
Scenario 5 and 2.0 in Scenario 6. Am I understanding ?

Vice Mayor Scharff: If we don't want it in, we vote no.

Mayor Burt: That's correct. If you don't want to make that distinction, you
vote no. If you do want Scenario 5 to study 1.5 FAR and Scenario 6 to study
2.0, you vote yes. Vote. That passes 5-4 with Wolbach, Scharff, Berman
and Kniss voting no.

AMENDMENT B RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to add to the Motion, “add to Proposed Zoning Code
Amendments Row 8 ‘in the Community Commercial 2 (CC-2) district, the
allowable 2.0 FAR would be reduced to an FAR of 1.5 near California
Avenue.’” (New Part A.ii.)

                                                                       Page 85 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
