                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Nickel: Yes. Excellent question, Mayor. Coming out of the IBRC, the
number one station priority was Station 3, to be followed immediately in
sequence by Station 4. We weren't able to do them both at the same time,
just between either the cost issues or the disruption to the Fire Department.
Station 3 was identified as the worst facility that we had.

Mayor Burt:    It was objectively ranked as the worst condition or most
vulnerable.

Mr. Nickel: Correct. I believe Council Member Berman was a part of that,
the IBRC.

Mayor Burt: I wanted to get that out there. Finally, this last question is
only indirectly related to tonight's item. It's one of our few opportunities to
ask for an update on these things. Ms. Munoz raised the question of onsite
housing for essential employees. I can understand why the Station 3 site is
probably not such a great alternative. Is it being looked at in any way for
Station Number 4, whether there could be rental housing probably for
younger, essential service employees? It's not going to be their long-term
housing, but maybe new hires and things like that, to be able to be in the
community, some apartments. I appreciate it wouldn't be a lot.

Mr. Nickel: As constrained as the Station 3 site is, Station 4 has a lot of
those same constraints. We have a utilities facility right behind us. We back
up to that alleyway and then the church right behind the station. There's
not a whole lot of excess space on that site to provide any sort of housing.

Mayor Burt: I was thinking in particular about the substation right behind it.
One is we've been consolidating the footprint of a lot of our substations. I
have no idea whether that's possible there. The other thing is that when we
build, whether residential or commercial buildings, we have setback
requirements. Up against a substation, we in all likelihood would not. I'll
just leave it there. I'm not saying that it would work, but I want to make
sure that we're including that consideration. If you need to return to the
Council for whether we want that seriously considered to do it through that
process. I don't want to lose an opportunity because either there was an
assumption that that was never part, for instance of the IBRC proposal.
Therefore, we're just focusing on what's there or, from a financial reason,
there was some assumption that it would necessarily be City funds when, in
fact, we might be able to have partners. Who knows?

Mr. Nickel: It's a great idea. It's currently been outside the scope of our
discussions, but certainly we will consider it for future fire stations.


                                                                       Page 46 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
