                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Let me just ask a follow-up there. I thought that you also said
that you were open to deed restrictions on car ownership.

Mr. Spieker: Yes, that has been brought up as an option, I believe. A
Council Member brought that up at the last prescreening. We looked into it
a little bit; we have a lot more work to do on that. Where you work is not a
protected class, so I think legally we can do that, and we're open to it.
There are going to be some unintended consequences when doing that.

Mayor Burt: That's a deed restriction on location of work. The other one I
was just asking about is on car ownership, whether you could—is that
something that you've looked at and whether you can require at your
discretion? If it was part of the development agreement, that only say
hypothetically 75 percent of the residences could have a resident that owned
a car, that's something you would be open to as a deed restriction and that
you would impose and be part of the development agreement?

Mr. Spieker: Yes. We would work with Council and Staff to figure out an
implementation method that works.

Mayor Burt: It sounds like you're confident that you could lease these units
under those conditions.

Mr. Spieker: Yeah, we are.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Questions, some for the applicant and some for
Staff. Is there any—these are in no particular order. The permit parking
program in the neighborhood that the applicant brought up—thank you for
bringing that up—there's no proposal for one in this neighborhood. How
long would it be in comparison to, say, a construction schedule before a
permit program could be put in place? Is there other interest in having a
permit program in this area?

Mr. Lait: I don't know of any that have been articulated to us. I think we've
seen, with the recent requests for permit parking in other neighborhoods, it
takes a little bit of time to initiate that.

Council Member Holman: One thing that would be important to know, if
there hasn't been other interest expressed in this, is what would the cost be
for implementing a residential permit parking program for the purposes of
satisfying the intention stated by the applicant. I don't expect you to have
that answer right now. One of the questions about—let's just say that some
of the units were given first option to, let's say, Stanford employees, PAUSD
                                                                      Page 12 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/12/16
