                          TRANSCRIPT
Eichler overlays, single-story overlays. There's reference to the Architectural
Review Board (ARB), but there's no reference to the Historic Resources
Board (HRB). There's actually some errors. Packet Page 228 talks about, at
the very top, more than a dozen buildings in the National Register of Historic
Places as well as two Historic Districts. We actually have four Historic
Districts as identified on the map on the opposite side. It's the California
Register for Historic Resources, not landmarks. We get to public spaces,
streets and parking, and the design aspects of this. I've brought up
numerous times the Colleagues Memo that Vice Mayor Scharff, Greg Schmid
and I—I should have looked up to see the other—wrote in 2012 or '13. I've
been assured numerous times that those concerns and considerations and
recommendations would be addressed in the Comprehensive Plan as we
looked at design. If you look at public spaces, streets and parking, I just
don't see any of that incorporated either there as broad-brush considerations
or later in the policies and programs. It has to do with sidewalk widths and
ample sidewalk. It has to do with building setbacks and step-backs. It has
to do with plazas and retail. All that kind of stuff, attraction of retail. That
Colleagues Memo exists as well as the attachments that go with it. I have
brought it up numerous times. I don't think childcare, going to Page 236,
does belong in—it says childcare options, choose one to carry forward. I go
with the second option, which eliminates childcare. There are reasonable
locations for childcare but not in those shopping areas. Going to Page 239
and 240, this is Goal L-1. A lot of what happens here is the word "design" is
eliminated.     We're talking about neighborhood design, neighborhood
character, community character, but we get rid of the words "a well-
designed compact (inaudible) City." Why do we eliminate "well-designed"?
I think it should be retained. On the next page in Policy L-1.3, we talk about
overall scale and character of the City to ensure a compact, efficient
development plan. I have not a clue what an efficient development plan is,
not a clue what that means. However, as I think Council Member DuBois
mentioned, what's been struck out here is maintain the scale and character
of the City, avoid land uses that are overwhelming and unacceptable due to
their size and scale. That should be retained. I'm sorry, I'm trying to go
through these. If I seem harsh, I don't mean to be. I'm trying to go
through these in a hurry because there are a number of them. I won't get
through all of them here.       Definitely support Policy L-17.1, increasing
improved Code enforcement practices. At Finance recently we talked about
fees and full cost recovery. In fact, what we do is—that's fine in most cases.
In places there are some concerns that some of us raised.               We are
subsidizing Code enforcement. We are subsidizing people who are repeat
offenders. I absolutely support improved Code enforcement. Like I said, I
won't get through all of this. Skip over the Stanford stuff; we've dealt with
that. There are a couple of places I could bring this up. There are ways that
I could bring this up, but here's as good as any, I guess. On Page 246,
                                                                        Page 92 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
