                          TRANSCRIPT
time differently and spending more time, but that's a key question. I guess
I'd ask the Library Commission how are you assessing the long-term
changes going on in our Library and what does it mean for programs in the
future for, say, our Comp Plan that tries to look out 15 years. What do
these changes mean for the role of the Library? One concrete question I
have. I note in many neighborhoods there are now corner libraries that
have become very popular. People just bringing books, leaving them,
getting new books. Is that in any way sponsored by the Library? Who puts
those libraries out there? Is it a challenge for the Library or a benefit to the
Library?

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne:          The little free libraries are a grassroots
movement. People decide that they want to put one in their front yard. The
Friends of the Library actually go around town and, when they see one, they
will put some of their really good books in there with a sticker that says from
the Friends of the Palo Alto Library and talks about their books sales and the
opportunity to get more books. We definitely don't see it as competition,
just as we shouldn't view book stores as competition.            They are our
partners. We look for ways to expand on that. I suppose once everybody
has a little free library in their yard, then I might be a little concerned. I
think we have good, what you call market penetration for people in terms of
Library use and library cards. People who are readers are going to read and
find the books that they need or browse for, and we support that. We
haven't done anything formal that way, but we certainly do lead people to
those locations when they're curious about them.

Council Member Schmid: Actually if you take into account the circulation of
books—they're probably mostly popular books—at the corner libraries,
maybe the use of real books has increased over that last decade.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Yes, it's possible. One of the things we've
worked on over the last three years is to add nonfiction materials, things for
adults that will improve the average age of collections. When the libraries
were closed, we did a study and looked at each range of numbers. Our
average ages in many sections were in the 80s and 90s. We have been
meticulously going through and doing collection development in a very
thoughtful way that will address knowledge gaps and missing bits of
information.

Council Member Schmid:   That's an important piece of information to
circulate. Thank you.  Look forward to another 10 years of growth,
expansion and change.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

                                                                         Page 13 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
