                         TRANSCRIPT
condition, and you chose not to. The price comparisons between recycled
water and domestic water supply are incredible.        That should be an
immediate implementation measure that you should consider in water
management, both of those. They're linked. Again, I think there are
efficiencies that can be achieved by an examination of the relative costs of
energy, and I would make reference to the approximately two year study by
the State Energy Commission of the Hidden Hills project, which analyzed
everything from natural gas to combined solar/steam systems. Obviously
that relates to the cost. There are advantages to natural gas. There are
certainly costs associated with a combined solar/steam system. That's
worth integrating in this analysis. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Shani Kleinhaus.

Rita Vrhel: I'm looking at the Packet that was given to the public, and I'm
looking at Page 32 on the topic of water management. I honestly don't see
anything here about groundwater. I see recycling and long-term water
needs. I'm puzzled as to why groundwater is not listed as an equal concern
to the other topics. Maybe I'm just not reading this correctly. I know when
I went to the Climate Action Summit in January, groundwater was not, to
my knowledge, discussed. In fact, there was really actually not a lot of
discussion on water. It seemed like a lot of discussion was given to
transportation and energy. I just wanted to call out what Keith had said.
We have inaccurate measurements this year, but we have some
measurements. That's eight residential basements for 120 million gallons.
Again, I'm not against basements. What I'm against is wasting community
groundwater. I don't understand why we have signs all over Palo Alto that
say Palo Alto saves water. We're saving Hetch Hetchy water, but we're not
saving our groundwater. We're not saving the water that we may need in
the future and that our children and grandchildren will definitely need in the
future. We're also in the Santa Clara Valley Water District, to which we
belong, paying for zero scape landscaping. We're paying for rain barrels.
We're paying for low flush toilets. Why are we allowing eight properties to
pump out this much groundwater, where it is not recycled? It is not used.
It is not charged. There is no fee for the storm drain use of this water. This
water has to be treated at the Regional Water Plant at the end of
Embarcadero. Somehow I think this is an issue of equity and fairness. I
invite everyone in the public who is concerned about groundwater to attend
the 12/13 Policy and Services Committee meeting. Again, I am not against
basements. I'm against wasting groundwater. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Shani Kleinhaus, to be
followed by our final speaker, Sandra Slater.


                                                                       Page 31 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
