                          TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager:       Yes.   We were going to do the storm drain
item.

Mayor Burt: We revised it. I'm reading off the original. Starting over.
Former Item 21 is now our next item. Review of recommendations from the
Storm Drain Blue Ribbon Committee regarding future storm water
management funding and request for Council direction on whether to
proceed with a Proposition 218 hearing and property owner ballot by mail to
approve future storm water management rates. This item was continued
from June 16th of this year. Welcome, Mr. Bobel. Who's kicking it off?

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Thank you. Joe Teresi, our
Senior Engineer for the storm drain program, will take the lead. He'll be
helped by Claire Elliott, the Vice Chair. Joe will introduce her. She'll actually
give part of the presentation. Peter Drekmeier could not make it; child
duties prevented him tonight. He sends his regrets.

Joe Teresi, Public Works Senior Engineer: Good evening. I'm Joe Teresi,
Senior Engineer Public Works. I'll be walking through the presentation with
you. This is an outline of what we'll be talking about this evening. I'll give
you some background. We'll talk about the specifics of the Blue Ribbon
Committee's few recommendations as well as their other, related
recommendations. We’ll talk about the implementation schedule for moving
forward with a ballot measure and the Staff recommendations for Council
action. In terms of background, the storm drain fund was first created in
1989 as an independent Enterprise Fund. Prior to that time, very little was
being done in the area of storm drainage. What was being done was funded
in the General Fund. 1989 was around the same time where all the storm
water regulations for storm water quality protection came into play. That
was one of the big impetuses for creating the Enterprise Fund. Back then,
the fee was $4.25 per month for a typical single-family residential parcel.
Up until 1996, the City Council had the unilateral ability to set rates for the
storm drainage fund. However, in 1996 with the passage of Proposition 218
on the California ballot, that was changed, and the fee was only able to be
changed with a property owner ballot measure. In 2005, we did take a
measure forward to our residents with a ballot by mail to all property
owners. It was successful. The fee at that time was initially increased to
$10 a month for a typical single-family parcel with the provision that the
Council could elect to increase that rate on an annual basis based on the
rate of local inflation with a maximum adjustment rate of six percent per
year. The measure was set to fund a set of seven high-priority storm drain
capital improvement projects that have been completed or are about to be
completed. I talked about the inflationary increase. Since that time back in
2005, the fee that you just approved as part of the fiscal 2017 budget is now
                                                                          Page 11 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
