                          TRANSCRIPT
these. If any landscaping is added, we have consulted with the Operations
Staff, and watering by water truck is feasible.

Council Member Kniss: I'm not going to beat this to death, but what gets
planted in those roundabouts is really important. I certainly hope they're
watering with recycled water. It would be a shame to do it otherwise. I
think thinking carefully about what goes in there, water-resistant types of
things that they use in the Southwest and so forth. They're very attractive,
but they're not attractive when everything in them has died and it's dirt. It
just is unsightly in any neighborhood. I think there are places where
neighbors say they are willing to take care of them and keep them up, but I
don't know if that's a good long-term solution. I think both those things—
delighted with the rest of the Bike Plan, but I think there are these two
aesthetic issues that have troubled me. Thank you for paying attention to
them. One last thing. You're also going to use some type of medallion or
indicator at the beginning of an intersection where you will have the bike
boulevard designated. Correct, or you're just thinking about that?

Mr. Mello: At the beginning of each block, there will be a—it's called a bike
boulevard legend, and it'll be on the pavement at the beginning of each
block. It's just a simple white bike boulevard pavement legend. It was
shown on one of the slides earlier. I can bring that back up if you'd like.

Council Member Kniss: It's all right. If you'll just show it to me later.
Thank you. I think that also will help. What I've noticed with Bryant Street
is that people are so used to using that as a bike boulevard that that almost
doesn't need to be either sharrowed or marked in any other way, because
people are so aware of that. I think with the new ones, it is a different
situation. Thanks, Josh.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Thank you for this really, really
clear and explanatory presentation here. I guess I wanted to sort of
continue sort of the thread that Council Member Kniss was pulling on. In the
plan, there are sort of a considerable range of conditions in different parts of
the City. There's a big range of the number of vehicles per day, the number
of bicycles per day, the average speed of vehicles, and so forth. I guess my
question is how do you decide, at least from 90,000 feet, which basket of
tools to apply. Is there sort of a standard template and we just apply that
everywhere or do we say, "This is one set of conditions. We use this
approach here. A different set of conditions, we use this approach there"?
If it is, is it based on sort of usage or is it based on physical geometry like


                                                                         Page 21 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
