                         TRANSCRIPT
district thanks to the business district parking assessment. Life was good.
Stanford was a tiny little university on the West Coast that most of what's on
the East Coast had barely even heard of. They took care of their own
parking on campus. Over the last 40 years, things have changed. As
they've changed, I and my neighbors have come down and pled with you
and no fewer than ten prior Mayors and asked you to please alleviate the
situation before it became intractable, before those who were invested in
reaping the benefits of the externalized costs, whether they be builders,
lessors or employees, represented a countervailing force large enough that
the neighborhood's interests were going to be at risk in an open public
hearing and a democratic process. For 20 years, for 40, the problem has
grown worse. For more than 20, you guys have shrugged your shoulders
and said not now, not yet. When? When it's not possible for anyone to park
on the street as a resident, if he wants to come home for lunch with his
kids? When? I've watched. I've watched the process in Downtown North
and now in the rest of Downtown. It's frankly an embarrassment. We're
supposed to be a forward-looking, progressive, effective City of high IQ
people who can achieve things. The fact that we drag out something like
this for months or years and then resolve it by appropriating half of the
public space on neighborhood streets that were designed and built solely to
provide access to the adjoining properties, not as auxiliary parking for
adjacent commercial zones. We steal that from the residents and award it
to people so that they can profit more with what they build here or
businesses they operate here. It's so grossly unfair, so anti-American, so
contrary to both republican and democratic ideals, though I don't know how
Trump stands on it. It's really just nothing short of shameful. This is really
something you guys can solve just by granting the request we made. It's
supported by historical fact and by reason and by the actual observable facts
on the ground. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Samina Faheem.

Samina Faheem: Good evening everybody. I live on a tiny streets in a tiny
Evergreen neighborhood. I'm off of El Camino where our old Foster Freeze
used to be, if you're familiar with the area. Now there are two giant
buildings with two apartments and many, many medical offices. Their
parking lot does not support what businesses they have. I think they have
fewer parking lots than their own employees. My house is the only one
before the dead end. Last two years, I have been struggling even more
because I have been in an auto accident, and I am unable to carry bags just
like somebody said, groceries and all that. Can't find parking in front of my
house. I have to walk streets to just first come, unload, go, park my car,
come back and do that. On top of that, when my car is parked there, people
are so careless. They hit my car last year, and the damages were about
                                                                       Page 25 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
