                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Shouldn't that be clarified or does that no matter?
Right now it looks like any structure in the Downtown as opposed to—we call
significant to be outside the Downtown.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that would be an acceptable clarification. I'll turn to
my colleague.

Mr. Yang: I'm sorry. Could you repeat what …

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm at 16.49.050.

Ms. Gitelman:     The question is should it say exterior alteration of a
significant Downtown structure, just to qualify Downtown structures.

Mr. Yang: I believe it was any historic structure Downtown. It didn't need
to be significant.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Maybe we should just say historic then. That's all. I'm
just trying to clarify.

Mr. Yang: I think that's a good clarification.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just out of curiosity. What is the failure to pay the fee
for Charleston/Arastradero? Is there a particular fee for that? That just
struck me as confusing.

Ms. Gitelman: I think there is an impact fee specific to that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you're on that corridor, you pay a specific impact fee.
That was really all I had. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to the public. Our first speaker is Kirk
Fry. We have 12 speakers.

Kirk Fry: Hello. My name's Kirk Fry. I'm a resident of Midtown. I've lived
there for 40 years. When I first moved in, I could walk to six grocery stores.
Today, I can walk to three. One of the ones that went away was the one at
Edgewood. What I'm speaking to is the fact that we don't have a grocery
store at Edgewood, because of the failed PC process and the inadequacy of
the penalties to the developer to get a grocery store there. It's pretty
simple. If you make it painful enough for them to not have a grocery store
there, he'll have a grocery store there. The second point I'd like to make is
the PC process is broken in Palo Alto. I have a way to fix it. Every PC
project that comes up, put it to a vote to the people and have the person
who wants to do the PC project pay for the election. Thank you.

                                                                        Page 17 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
