                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. While we're telling you to
prioritize these, we're saying add this and add that. It is true also I don't
think we can (inaudible) our heads in the sand and ignore some things that
really do have significant impact. Basements, the basement construction,
the amount of concrete and the environmental impact that concrete as a
construction material, that's not considered. I've brought that up a number
of times. We're not counting that. We could require offsets or mitigations
or something of that nature, but right now it's not there. Dewatering has
been discussed by a number of people over a period of time. I think those
also could be considered. Bill Ross' comments were interesting about zero
water footprint and using recycled water in new development. There's
something else here too, which is—I don't know if I'll be able to find it. It's
marked, but I don't know if I'll find it fast enough. About trees—not about
trees but about buildings, about net zero. I know existing buildings can
reach highest level of Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
(LEED) certification.    Can existing buildings through retrofit and other
adaptations reach net zero?

Mr. Friend: As a general answer, yes, some of them can, not all of them
can. It's going to be more challenging with a retrofit than with new
construction. These are some of the questions that we're going to be
looking at very diligently in the next Green Building Ordinance Code cycle
that starts this fall. We do that every three years. Net zero energy, net
zero carbon and net zero water are some of the items that we'll be looking
at as part of that work.

Council Member Holman: My next question is how is net zero calculated? Is
net zero calculated to include the environmental benefits of considering the
embodied energy in existing buildings?

Mr. Friend: Embodied energy is not yet a standard part of the work of these
kinds of analyses. I agree with you that it probably should be. We haven't
addressed it here, because it's not standard practice in Climate Action Plans.
There are a number of themes like embodied energy and the points that
several people referenced of the impact of the purchases of our community,
of air travel, goods and services, food and so forth that are clearly part of
our impact on the world. They're not part of the accepted body of practice
of Climate Plans. It's not in here explicitly, but it's certainly called out, for
example, in the community section in this Plan and in some of the
implementation plans that we'll be bringing back to you. A lot of the things
that you're referencing as missing you'll be seeing in the work that we've
done that we bring to you in Q1. Some of them have not, so by all means
keep letting us know, and we'll bring them in.


                                                                         Page 45 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
