                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. French: Again, it was just the original Findings online say scale and
character. If you want to add mass back in that particular Finding, that's
just an addition to what the online version would have.

Council Member Holman: Friendly amendment to the maker and seconder
of the Motion. Mass was in our original Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm good with mass. You can add the word mass.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “add to Finding 2(d), ‘mass’
after ‘transitions in scale.’” (New Part C)

Council Member Holman: Thank you. With 2C, I think is "compatible with
its setting" is pretty general and vague. I think it's not very helpful. I would
add to 2C "is compatible with its setting and in urban areas," I would pick up
the language on Page 312 under 2 right before 2A. It says "establishes
design linkages with surrounding existing buildings so that the visual unity of
the street is maintained at a minimum by." We can delete A because that's
covered. B, C and D through the word applicable, because after that it's
already covered. I would put those back in. For the maker and the
seconder.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, I wouldn't accept that as Staff has recommended
against that.

Council Member Holman: That's why I said "in applicable areas." I look for
a second from ...

Council Member Schmid: Second.

AMENDMENT:          Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to add to the Motion, “add to Finding 2(c), “and in urban
areas, establishes design linkages with surrounding existing buildings so that
the visual unity of the street is maintained at a minimum by:

    i.      The rhythmic pattern of the street established by the general
            width of the buildings and the spacing between them; and

    ii.     The sizes, proportions, and orientations of windows, bays, and
            doorways; and

   iii.     The location and treatment of entryways where applicable.

Council Member Holman: Thank you, Council Member Schmid.

                                                                         Page 99 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
