                         TRANSCRIPT
it's going to be used. People will actually congregate on the Adobe Creek
Trail extension, which has got to be a part of this. Maybe not the funding
part, but it's got to happen. People will gather, talk, visit and then they'll
start up the ramp. Those cyclists who come from the north and have to stop
to make their really sharp turn, again an opportunity for a visit before they
go across the bridge. When they cross the bridge, it's boring. It's just cars.
The fun is getting over to the east side and enjoying looking at the Baylands
and the nice gentle fall-down to the trails on the east side. Keep it simple.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council for discussion and
motions. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think we've seen a lot of great work here, trying
to pivot after the previous attempt at a bridge here didn't pan out. I think
the work that's been done is great. I like the way we're going here. I'd be
happy to move the Staff recommendation and move forward with the
baseline option. I'd be open to consideration of some of the more affordable
enhancements. For the most part, I think we should stick to a slim budget
and efficiency.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

Council Member Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to:

A.   Direct Staff to amend the contract with Biggs Cardosa Associates, Inc.;
     and

B.   Increase the budget for the Adobe Creek/Highway 101 Pedestrian
     Overcrossing Project, Capital Improvements Program (CIP) Project
     PE-11011.

Mayor Burt: Do you want to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: Just a couple of things. First, I did hear a
number of members of the public and also during the presentation—the
video by the way was very useful. It really highlighted one of the key areas
of concern for me. This fix on West Bayshore is really important. That's a
very frequent jogging route that I take. I know that area well. Having to
look over my shoulder, if I'm heading southeast on Bayshore, to make sure
that I'm not going to get run over by a car and how unappealing that would
be if I were any less athletic. I can imagine other people just having a very,
                                                                        Page 71 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
