                           TRANSCRIPT
surrendered animals. If they duplicated this process in Palo Alto, unwanted
animals would be dumped on our streets to be killed in traffic or left to breed
indiscriminately. A full-service animal shelter does not restrict its dog
rescues almost entirely to small dogs as Pets in Need currently does. When
I asked one of the managers at Pets in Need why she did not have a larger
selection of large dogs, in a moment of candor she admitted that it was—I
quote—out of concern for the sensitivities of our corporate donors. If
corporate donors can exert that much control over Pets in Need in Redwood
City, they will likely exert the same level of control over a Palo Alto facility as
well. Some of us are concerned as to whether Pets in Need has the
experience to handle more problematic rescues. Recently, Palo Alto rescued
a semi-feral German Shepherd that was fearful and difficult to manage. It
was only because of the experience of our current Palo Alto Staff that this
dog could be saved. We recently had a change in management at Palo Alto
Animal Services. The new manager has both the experience and the talent
to turn Palo Alto Animal Services into an outstanding facility.                 My
recommendations are three-fold: maintain local control over the animal
shelter; keep the current, experienced management and Staff in place; and
finally continue to provide the shelter with the financial support it needs.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Joan Dixon, to be followed by
Jennie Jump.

Joanne Dixon: Hello, Council and Mayor. I'm Joanne Dixon, the Registered
Veterinary Technician (RVT) at Palo Alto Animal Services. I am speaking on
behalf of the decision to outsource to Pets in Need. I just want to reiterate
that Pets in Need's qualifications are questionable. Currently, I'm not sure if
you're aware their facility is completely closed until further notice due to
undisclosed medical reasons. Training and cross-contamination is highly
necessary in a shelter environment to prevent such occurrences from
happening. Their spay and neuter department is not 100 percent reliable.
According to their website, they offer surgery most Tuesdays and Thursdays,
some possible Fridays. To make an appointment over the phone is not even
possible. You need to fill out an application online, leave a message and
wait for days before you get a response to whether you can even get a
surgery appointment. Their mobile van operates only two times a month.
Here at Animal Services, we offer spay and neuter Monday through Thursday
and every other Friday. Appointments are scheduled immediately when
clients call. Pets in Need also has a list on their website of restrictions such
as they only do dogs and cats with no health problems. They won't do
female dogs over 50 pounds, male dogs over 100. The oldest animal they'll
do is seven years old. The youngest is only three months. At Animal
Services, we do not have a list of restrictions. Our vet has over 20 years of
                                                                           Page 12 of 111
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/17/16
