                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Richardson: That was the same last year. They tended to rate things
lower. One of the things about the survey is we ask the questions, but we
don't know why they respond that way. It doesn't ask people why they feel
the way they do. That would take some more in-depth questioning about
why you're responding the way you are. The Citizen Survey isn't designed
to do that, so that would be an extra effort to do that. If someone wanted
to do focus groups or something like that, that would try to get to some of
the heart of why they feel differently than the rest of the City.

Council Member Holman: Could I suggest that perhaps when we do our
neighborhood meetings that we might be able to collect some information
through that process. Any thoughts about the library volunteer hours being
down even though we've opened the additional libraries?

Ms. Richardson: I don't know, but I believe Monique is here and can address
that. Here she comes.

Monique LeConge Ziesenhenne, Library Director: Hi, Monique LeConge
Ziesenhenne. Some of these activities that we've done have been targeted
to teens. Teen volunteers are up; adults are down a little bit. We've had
some changes in Staff, Assistant Director leaving. He was in charge of the
volunteer program. We are actively recruiting again. We just have a lull.
We do have many more people participating. It might just be the number of
hours.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thanks, and thank you for the presentation.
Obviously all the data, you can spend hours looking through all this stuff. A
couple of questions have been addressed by other folks. One question I
had, I guess, was on page 15 in regards to the perceived increase of
availability of affordable, quality childcare. Preschool ratings increased from
25 percent to 49 percent which isn't what I hear from folks in the
community. Do we have any idea as to what might have caused that?

Ms. Richardson: I don't.

Council Member Berman:       Maybe it was just that bad in 2010, that it's
gotten a little better.

Ms. Richardson: That may be. We don't collect performance report data on
childcare and preschools. The City doesn't operate those, so I can't answer
those.
                                                                         Page 15 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
