                          TRANSCRIPT
and knowing how close this is to the Bay and where the water table is,
approximately at least, can we require an Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) to be performed? I'm really concerned about the impact if they build
all three at once with that much dewatering. I'm really concerned about
that.

Ms. Silver: Right now, we at a Staff level analyzed that and determined that
an EIR was not required given the dewatering. That was a result of a design
review committee of Staff who looked at that issue including Public Works
Staff. This is a discretionary decision. If the Council disagrees with that
opinion, you're certainly welcome to introduce facts that would support an
EIR in this case. There would have to be specific facts that would warrant
further environmental review.

Council Member Holman: For example? The facts couldn't be what we know
from other basements that have been dewatered and how much water has
been extracted? At least graphs that we've been shown about how far out
the impact is of that.

Ms. Silver: You would have to then—what are the environmental impacts,
not just quantification of what the water is, but are there particular plants in
the area or trees in the area that would suffer as a result of the draining of
the water table or are there specific outflows that involve contaminated
water, that could impact animals, that type of thing.

Council Member Holman: There have been brought up in the public too or
by the public too subsidence issues. The Sierra Club has something called
precautionary principles. I don't know that we can adopt those or adapt
them for this one project. I do have serious, serious concerns about that.
Has Staff come up with any way that we can require the fourth unit to be
built as a condition? There are other conditions that have been incorporated
here, that seem like requiring a fourth unit to be built would be at least no
more onerous than some of those.

Mr. Lait: I don't have a recommendation on how to require a fourth unit to
be constructed. What we're approving is three individual R-1 lots. We do
have a plan to go forward if they wanted to modify their plan. That is
something that we would take a look at. I'll look to our attorneys, but I
don't know how we compel them to provide a second dwelling unit unless
there is some finding that can be made relative to the parcel map exception
that wouldn't apply to other (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, I see the applicant wishing to be able
to respond to perhaps your question. If it's all right, I'll grant that.

                                                                          Page 30 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/14/16
