                          TRANSCRIPT
that has a parking facility has access to that parking facility via a side street.
181 Lytton on the far left, access off of Emerson. 250 Lytton, access off of
Emerson behind it there. 265 Lytton, access off of Emerson. The City's own
parking facility behind these buildings here, access off of Waverley and
Bryant Street. Then, our project here with access off of Kipling. These are
some views. This is 181 Lytton, house next door, minimal landscaping. This
is 250 Lytton that was shown by Staff earlier. This is 265 Lytton with the
house next door which is one story. This is the newest of all these projects
that I've shown you. This is the City's parking entrance at 335 Bryant, and
the exit at Waverley. This is our existing driveway—this is one of the two
driveways that we have right now. This serves the smaller parking lot. You
can see that the house next door has a three to five foot landscape buffer
with a hedge in it located here. We had Hexagon Transportation Consultants
go out and even before they went out to the site to respond to some of the
concerns. They had determined that—this is the garage entrance here
shown with the diagrams of the cars. Here's Lytton Avenue. Peak A.M. trips
of 23 cars total, and that's about one car every two minutes 36 seconds.
Peak P.M. trips of 22. That's in your report. About one every two minutes
43 seconds. We also had Hexagon go out, and they actually observed
vehicle queuing at the intersection. They counted one car per four minutes.
Even with the volume at this intersection—with the volume of cars at this
intersection currently, the 95th percentile for queuing is one car, and that's
what they counted. However, they concluded that with the addition of
project trips it's not expected to measurably increase. We have actually a
capacity for three cars, one, two, three, about 75 feet. We also had them,
because the appellant was concerned about pedestrian activity along Kipling
and Lytton, go out and physically count it. At the peak hour, nine morning
trips on Kipling, 20 afternoon trips, and then 32. This is a peak hour on
Saturday. We had them look at Lytton, and we have 30 morning trips, 27
P.M. trips, and 17 on Saturday. There's over three times morning trips of
pedestrians on Lytton and 35 percent more in the afternoon on Lytton.
Clearly, Lytton is by far the more pedestrian-oriented route during the week.
On Saturdays, the opposite is true, but the building is closed on Saturdays,
so it shouldn't create any conflicts. Hexagon went ahead and concluded that
new trips added by the proposed project are minimal. Therefore, it's
probably not necessary to do any further focused traffic study, and "the
project as proposed is not expected to have any negative effects on
pedestrian and bicycle circulation." We also are removing this driveway cut
right here on Lytton. In my opinion, it's going to enhance that pedestrian
experience, and it creates an opportunity for us to create a plaza in front of
the building where, in fact, we're having our public art installed at that
location. I think it gives people the opportunity to see the historic building,
and it just makes a nice space. The driveway was proposed—there was
some talk about moving the driveway. It just doesn't work in another
                                                                           Page 34 of 90
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/15/16
