                          TRANSCRIPT
Staff to come back to us and tell us how the traffic model works, the Palo
Alto traffic model, the VTA, why we use ITE, how effective is it for the types
of neighborhoods we'd have. Remember, Palo Alto has one of the highest
jobs to employment ratios in the country at 3:1. If you take the Research
Park by itself, the ratio is about 32:1. How can we use the ITE model in that
environment? I don't think we can. That's where I ended up.

Mayor Burt: I want to encourage everyone to keep broader policy issues
and discussions that we may very well want to address in the context of the
Comprehensive Plan or other things but are simply outside the scope of what
we can address either properly for this project, nor that we by any means
have the time or the ability to do tonight.. Vice Mayor Scharff, you're next.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I think the architecture is great. You guys
did a really good job on that. It's what we want. I was really impressed
with the LEED Platinum. I was really impressed with the fact that we're
moving towards electrification, that you're not having any gas. I think all of
those things count for things. I really appreciate that. I also noted other
things. I noted that you worked well with the College Terrace neighborhood.
I actually got some letters from people in College Terrace mentioning how
hard you worked with the neighbor. I think that's evidenced by there was
no angry mob here tonight complaining about the project. The concerns
seem to be technically based. I think it's actually a misunderstanding of the
law and the disconnect. I was listening to Council Member Holman talk
about her house and why that doesn't work in her sense of things. The
answer to that is what Staff said. This is one parcel of 700 acres with the
ability to do an extra million square feet roughly. The fact that it ended up
being an extra 30,000 square feet makes it zoning compliant.               The
disconnect is there's a protocol in which we deal with lease adjustments. By
dealing with those lease adjustments, it was the protocol that was violated,
not the law. That is such a huge distinction in that by violating the protocol,
it's not a legally binding agreement between either of the parties. For us to
then say we know the protocol is violated, we allowed it to be violated, it's
been violated for 16, 17 years. I can't do the math this late. Now, we're
going to come back and say we're going to deny the project or cut it back
based on the fact that the protocol, which is an informal agreement, was
violated just doesn't really make sense or hold muster because the project is
compliant with the zoning. I think that's the answer to Council Member
Holman's question, that you were asking Staff so hard about. I think it's
completely zoning compliant. It's replacing an existing building. I guess I
understood that it's actually going to be slightly smaller than the existing
building by a certain number of square feet. I don't remember. We're
actually building a smaller project. The other thing we look at is does it
meet the objectives of the Comprehensive Plan. There's a number of
                                                                         Page 76 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
