                         TRANSCRIPT
Kathleen Eisenhardt: Thank you for letting me speak tonight. My name's
Kathleen Eisenhardt. I live in the neighborhood in the 94306 ZIP. I am
speaking in support of the Golden Gate Homes proposal with no changes.
Just as a further comment, the Gold Gate Homes group has been very
accommodating to the neighborhood and to the rest of Palo Alto in terms of
being great partners and compromising, giving us a housing development
but also a housing development that makes sense in terms of traffic and
safety. For example, Mr. Green spoke earlier. In addition, I think the
sidewalk addition on Maybell is perhaps a small but nonetheless useful
addition. In addition, just a comment on the cut-through. The cut-through
would be nice, but we're talking about relatively small lots, and the cut-
through I don't think really makes much sense. It's really not a hardship in
a biking and walking culture to walk four houses longer than you might
otherwise. In terms of BMR, Mr. Burt asked about our opinions. I think our
area has a fair amount of BMR housing already. I know most of us have a
very strong support for the Buena Vista group in particular. The extent to
which this money could go to Buena Vista, I think a lot of the neighbors
would be very pleased to have our Buena Vista neighbors be accommodated.
In summary, I wanted to say that I'm very supportive, as many of my
neighbors are, of the Golden Gate Homes project with no changes. Just as a
final note, as long as I seem to have another minute or two, Arastradero
really is terrible. Whoever thought of changing it from two lanes to one was
crazy. It really doesn't work; back to two lanes. Support Golden Gate
Homes.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sorror Ebnesajjad to be followed by Elaine Heal.

Sorror Ebnesajjad: Hello. I'm here to speak in support of this project. I
speak as somebody who lives a couple of streets away from this Maybell
property. I bike a lot, and I walk to Walgreens. Ever since the idea of 70-
plus homes was brought into our lives, it was a nightmare. Imagining this
traffic to get worse is just impossible. I believe that Golden Gates Homes
has worked really hard. I've been involved in the whole process. They've
tried really hard to reduce the number of the units. They've brought it to
the basically minimum number. It might not be 100 percent perfect from
your point of view or our point of view, but this is the best that has been
brought to you. Tonight, I'm here to ask you to approve this, to help all of
us who bike a lot and walk a lot. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Elaine Heal to be followed by Richard Evans.

Elaine Heal: Hi. My name's Elaine Heal, and I wanted to start by thanking
both Golden Gate Homes and City Council for working with us in the past
                                                                     Page 89 of 116
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/20/16
