                          TRANSCRIPT
differ from that matrix, but we did provide the matrix to you at Council
Member Holman's request. It came to you in a late packet as a kind of at-
places memo. You have both lists in front of you this evening. It's
important to note that the Guidelines are just guidelines. I think some
commenters at the last hearing and some letters we've received long for
regulatory changes in the form of either changes to the IR, Individual
Review, Guidelines or changes to the Zoning Ordinance, but that's not what
we've done here. What we have are guidelines and not regulations. They're
intended to assist the City and property owners with interpretation of the
Secretary of the Interior Standards when considering physical modifications
within the District. The Council could, of course, direct us to pursue
regulatory changes as a next step, again either in the form of changes to the
IR Guidelines or changes to the Zoning Ordinance. That's the extent of our
presentation, but we're fully prepared to answer any detailed questions you
have. I know that Council Member Holman did submit some comments late
this afternoon. We'll do our best to respond to those specific points as they
come up in the discussion. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now come to the Council for any questions
before hearing from members of the public and returning for discussion and
a Motion. Anyone like to go first?

Vice Mayor Scharff: … questions.

Mayor Burt: Yeah. We have no questions, and we have no cards from
members of the public. Here we go. Our first speaker is David Bower, to be
followed by Bob Moss. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 8:30 P.M.

David Bower: Good evening again. I was a member of the Professorville
Guidelines Committee. As most of you know, I'm also a member of the
Historic Resources Board (HRB). I want to say that I'm here tonight as a
member of the Committee and an individual. I'm not representing the
Historic Resources Board.        The approach that the Committee took in
developing these Guidelines was to find a way to transparently tell the
citizens of Palo Alto what they could expect if they wanted to change a
property in the Historic District. What's important about historic districts is
that every single item in the district makes up the whole. Every time a
single building in the district is changed, modified or in the worst case
demolished, that diminishes the district. It's the equivalent of having a
sweater that moths eat away at until you take the sweater out of your
drawer, and you discover that there's less sweater than holes. This is, I
think, a first step in protecting the resource that Professorville represents for

                                                                         Page 55 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
