                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: On the Cal. Ave., anyone thinks this needs to be changed in
priority? That's fails, zero. I have one thing on the next two that I don't
quite know how to fit. There's one thing, a question of whether the
complete solution needs to be reprioritized. I had this other issue of
whether we need to be looking at ...

Male: Exemptions?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd add that.

Mayor Burt: I'll call that as another item of modifications to the preservation
ordinance Citywide. it could apply to any of the areas, any modifications
that we want. It's an overlay to all of them. It's any interim ...

Mr. Keene: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: That would apply to—I'm sorry.

Mayor Burt: I called it modifications to the retail moratorium ...

Council Member Kniss: Citywide.

Mayor Burt: ... Citywide. Anywhere in the City, I guess, is what we might
choose to ...

Council Member Kniss: That changes it from the red.

Mayor Burt: Karen. That's different from—we have in 52 and 55—that's
basically addressing the permanent ordinance in those geographic areas.
This other thing is interim modifications to our moratorium. Karen.

Council Member Holman: As I read the 52 and 55, it seemed like that was
to do a lot of work to go around, which is a much larger project, it seems to
me. I think what you're proposing, which would affect Number 52 and
Number 55, would be to come back with suggestions or come back for an
opportunity for the Council to weigh in on what we would like to see changed
about the current preservation ordinance.

Mayor Burt: You mean the moratorium? By current ordinance, you mean ...

Council Member Holman: The current retail preservation ordinance.

Council Member Berman: She means the (inaudible).


                                                                           Page 87 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcropt: 5/31/16
