                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: It is brief. The comments of other colleagues
have persuaded me that there's—I wouldn't say no harm, no foul. There's
justification for allowing the variance. I also do want to state that I don't
want this to become the norm because the Code is wrong or because there's
a problem with the Code, then we'll make exceptions. That procedural thing
is really backward thinking. I don't want to set a precedent for doing that.
In this case—I don't want to talk against myself—the comments have been
made that persuade me. I don't want a precedent to be set either.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things. I just wanted to get some
clarification and address some of the ideas that have been discussed. It's
pretty clear where this is going. I'll also be supporting the Motion. A lot of
the debate is around Finding No. 1. If you look at Page 2 of the Staff Report
or Packet Page 474, Item 1 towards the bottom is what the Planning Staff,
on the next page, said they weren't able to find. This is addressed by a
Council Member as well. The evidence that this was not a hardship was that
alternative plans were submitted by the applicant. The residents submitted
an alternative proposal to cover their rears in case they didn't get what they
were asking for, which seems like a smart, prudent thing to do. I wouldn't
use that as evidence one way or another about whether they got what they
were asking for or not, is a hardship or not. Those are separate questions.
If you can afford the time and the money to draw up a separate set of plans
as insurance in case you don't get what you're asking for, it seems like a
smart thing to do. I am convinced that this does provide a hardship for this
family for the reasons already stated. The desire to have some backyard
space given the desire to have some private space rather than a front-yard
area. As was also pointed out, if you exclude 236 Churchill, this house
would be forced to have a further setback than all the other houses on the
block. That is unusual. That does set them apart. A very, very strong case
can be made for Finding No. 1. I respectfully disagree with the Planning
Staff's findings on that. I understand how they were able to make that
determination. I don't agree with it. This raises the question of how we
make decisions. It was pointed out by Council Member Filseth that Planning
Director, Planning Staff was focusing on one set of criteria. Others were
focusing on another. This is the challenge we always face when we have
multiple competing interests. How do we make our choice? Part of this also
is through our comments or our politics, our ideology, we can paint
ourselves into a corner. The word variance has taken on such an negative
connotation, often for good reason.         When this part of the Code is
appropriately used, because we have such a negative association with the
word variance, because it is so often abused, we're appropriately reluctant
to use it. I want to make sure our ideology doesn't push us from reluctance
                                                                        Page 37 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
