                          TRANSCRIPT
improvement. Thank you again for taking the time to recognize me and for
a little bit of good news from the Fire Department. Have a good evening.

Mayor Burt:      We want to express our appreciation for both your
achievement, Chief. It's an exceptional achievement, and it reflects not only
on yourself but on the entire Department and the City.           We're very
appreciative of the dedication and work that you've put into this and the
dedication and work of the other members of the Department who have
been pursuing similar professional achievements.

Mr. Nickel: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Before you leave, Chief. You're getting a little
workout tonight. Last year I had the privilege of attending your promotions
event for Fire Staff. It became so clear, as if we didn't know that before,
that the Fire Department is a family. It's a family of Fire Staff and the
members of their family. I just wanted to say that I think we're very
fortunate to have you and your Staff and the kind of service that you instill
in others to be a part of our family in Palo Alto. Thank you so much.

Mr. Nickel: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Chief. We have one more. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think, Eric, on a much lighter note, we should talk
a little about the Palo Alto Rotary Crab Feed where you offered a meal in the
firehouse. Do you know how much it went for?

Mr. Nickel: I'd love to hear.

Council Member Kniss: It went close to 2,000. Wow. That's really a
compliment either to the cooking or to the firefighters. I think it's a little of
each.

Mr. Nickel: That's where we're at our best. When you can sit down and
break bread with people and ride along a little bit and understand what we
do, that's—plus, we're pretty good chefs.

Council Member Kniss: I can't remember the exact amount, but I remember
it was a very generous amount that somebody donated both to the Rotary
Foundation, also certainly underscored the stature you have in the
community.


                                                                         Page 25 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
