                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I support this idea. I like the technology.
They've used it in other cities. I think we should do a 350-bike Phase 1. I
am concerned about locking ourselves into an expensive contract. It's kind
of a free taste, but then it costs you more once you go over the 350. It's
not a good incentive. The more successful we are and the bigger our
network is, the more the costs escalate. I know you feel like it's a great
deal. I'd like to see maybe some alternative contract approaches, if you
guys continue to negotiate. We're giving them ad revenue that covers the
operating expenses for the first 350 bikes. I'm thinking along the lines of
the last speaker. As the network gets larger, the ad revenue gets larger, the
ads on the mobile app, all that stuff. There's a network effect. I think we
should either try to negotiate if we pay the operational costs, we get a large
percentage of that ad revenue or, if they keep all the ad revenue, then we
have very low or no operational costs. I think getting access to some of that
data is also a really good idea. The other point I wanted to make was I hope
we can find places for these hubs, ideally partnering with private companies
where it's off-street locations to minimize removing parking spots. I also
like the idea of evaluating different trip lengths as Adina Levin suggested.
As I asked before, I'd really like to see a financial plan when we start to go
to contract on this. I like the idea; I think we should try it. I'm just
concerned about locking ourselves into something that could turn out to be a
lot more expensive than we think.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I agree with everything Tom just said, to start with.
When you said that we could actually have gotten a bigger system and they
would pay for the operating costs of the bikes, I actually thought that may
make more sense, especially since—are we planning on going to 700 bikes in
2018? I read that in a couple of letters.

Mr. Mello: We applied for an MTC grant to cover up to, I think, 83 percent
of the capital costs to expand by another 350 bikes. I think we would only
do that with your approval after we receive the grant award from MTC.
That's why we have to wait until 2018, because the grant's not available
until that point in time.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's really the issue. We're funding the first million
whatever of these bikes. You think to expand it we can get MTC to pay
hopefully the next million. That offsets the operating costs. That was your
thinking behind doing 350 as opposed to 700 now and have them pay for all
the operating costs for the 700, but we'd pay $2 million up front.



                                                                       Page 97 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
