                         TRANSCRIPT
and more startups on California Avenue. New developments surrounding
the area along with increased Caltrain ridership promise to result in a steep
increase of people commuting in and out of the business district and the
neighborhood. The laws of physics just don't allow for an infinite number of
people who wish to park in the neighborhood. We feel that a more
reasonable approach to establish the baseline is to start with the supply,
which is a finite resource. We can calculate the amount of lineal feet of
parking available in the neighborhood minus driveways and clearances for
corners and fire hydrants, and divide that by what the length of a parallel
parking space should be. As a guideline, the parallel parking spaces along
Stanford Avenue by the Dish are a healthy 22 feet 8 inches. I went out
there and measured it with my own measuring tape.               Let's start by
calculating the supply, figure out how many residents need to park their cars
on the streets, which can be estimated by looking at the number of cars
parked during off-peak business hours, reserve enough parking for
residents, and then calculate what percentage of available curbside parking
should go to employees. This approach is not only a data-driven approach,
but also one that is more practical because it deals with the reality of a
limited resource. The second point I want to bring up is that we dispute the
notion that the timing of the RPP implement and phase-out of employee
parking in the neighborhood should be tied to the construction of a new
garage in a business district. It's unclear whether and when this garage will
actually happen. If it does happen, our neighborhood will suffer from the
inevitable fate of serving as spillover parking during construction.
Irrespective of what happens with this garage, we want phase out of
employee parking in the neighborhood to begin within a year with employee
permits decreasing yearly by 20 percent of the original number. We need a
certain date for phase-out that is not dependent on an uncertain
construction project. Third, we learned that the RPP would be enforced by a
contractor who could not enforce any parking laws except the RPP because
of the police union's contract with the City. We object to this expensive and
piecemeal approach to parking enforcement. Evergreen Park is a focal point
for the forces of high-density housing, startups, bike corridor and mass
transit, all converging on a small geographic area. We need one entity, the
Police Department, to offer a comprehensive enforcement plan for traffic and
rules. This is an opportunity for innovative, intentional, thoughtful planning
for Palo Alto. To be complete frank, the residents of Evergreen Park are
losing confidence in some of the members of the City Council and the
process here. You could have annexed us into the College Terrace RPP in
May, which would have been the best thing for us as residents. Instead, this
stakeholder process further delays addressing the issues we face. We
gathered the signatures required to bring the issue to you, and now we're
told by City Manager Keene's team that an RPP would still need approval
through a neighborhood survey, which further delays implementation. This
                                                                       Page 86 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
