                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I know Sandra's here. She can probably speak in more detail
about this, because (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll wait on that. This has morphed a little bit from
2012. Is everything that was in that book still applicable? Have things
changed?

Mr. Keene: I can't speak to that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When Sandra talks, maybe you could address that. The
other question I had was could we omit e-prep from this?

Mr. Keene: I know that there's been some discussion about this. I think the
Council maybe got Annette Glanckopf's letter to you today. That's actually
informed by some conversations I had with Ms. Glanckopf this weekend and
some of the concerns that she had expressed. I think she and Ms. Slater
have been talking about this. Certainly my preference would be that we not
do this for a couple of reasons. One is that the way that this, my
understanding, has been structured is to test a pilot concept that would be
deployed in not just our City but in other city locations and potentially a
much larger. The whole idea here potentially is that if this works and the
seed money is there and continues to flow, this could affect cities certainly
potentially across the country.       I do think we have a little bit of a
responsibility as the kind of City we are to help pilot that. That being said,
as I look at what is in her letter, I don't think that there's any real difficulty
in sort of personalizing or adapting most of the things that she's identified
here as it's applied to our City in particular. I don't think that that results in
sort of rewriting the handbook or whatever that they've got. I do think, as
far as the application, that we would be prepared to do that. Again, I can't
speak for the Cool Block folks themselves, so you want to probably hear
from Sandra also on that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Along that line, one of the things she wrote is correct
items that are wrong or not what we suggest locally. My understanding is
that certain things—maybe Sandra can address this too—the Cool Cities
suggest is that you have candles in emergency situations as opposed to LED
flashlights. That's not what we suggest locally with our emergency prep. I
frankly think candles are silly. How do we get to dealing with those
conflicts? How are we going to resolve that if we're giving two different
messages, one in the pilot and one what the rest of our e-prep people say?
That's probably my biggest concern, a mixed message and diluting our
successful e-prep program.

Mr. Keene: It would probably be best for her to answer it. I would also say
that I think in general anything that's going to be done—I'm taking it out of
                                                                           Page 41 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/29/16
