                          TRANSCRIPT
be—I don't think you need to do that right now. We're not in a position of
identifying what that dollar amount would be. The Council certainly every
year at budget or at any other time would have the opportunity to either, in
a particular year, pay back as Council Member DuBois suggested or even,
once we see a trend, set a payback schedule that you'd want.

Council Member Schmid: I guess my technical question is we will be closing
Fiscal Year 2016. With this vote, we will be closing that debt or is it carried
forward?

Mr. de Geus: I'm not sure I understand the question.

Council Member Schmid: We've had an expenditure. You say about $1
million, and we did not get revenues for it. When we vote a closure of the
budget, is the debt closed?

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer: It's closed for that year. As City
Manager Keene said, you can also revisit it in the future from future
revenues, positive cash flows anticipated. We have a record that we've lost
over $2 million as a result of the project. We spent about $1 million on
design. That's what we were talking about this $1 million. There's $3
million. We know what the amount is. It's probably going to be very
difficult and challenging to repay the three. We may be able to look at the
one. Because we extended the debt service from a typical 25 to 30, I think
it's wise for us to think about reinvesting in the course so we don't have the
same problem in 20, 25 years. That's why I think it's important—as City
Manager Keene said, let's take a look in a few years and see how we're
doing and see how we can come through. In talking to other agencies, they
see the ramp-up because everybody's excited and they want to come and
play, but is it going to continue.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:       Thank you for that.        I support the Motion,
particularly the Scenario 1. I think it's really important to get the debt load
as low as possible so that we have the best chance for success. Financially,
I think the most responsible thing we can do is get it open as fast as
possible and not miss our timing. I'd really like to see us run this as a
business and as profitably as we can. I had the same question about should
we recapture that money and put it in the Infrastructure Reserve. You guys
                                                                       Page 112 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
