                          TRANSCRIPT
potentially creative solutions can be thought through. I would envision three
areas for this kind of committee to focus on. First, really what do we want
to prioritize with our transportation funding. Secondly, how much money
are we going to need. Third, what kind of funding source to we want to use.
Of course, it'll come back to Council, and we may end up moving forward
with something similar to what we're discussing tonight, but we'll have a lot
more benefit of community input. We'll have taken time to work through
the details, and we'll have really in a fair, equal footing way explored various
parallel options for a revenue stream. I think that is the way to move
forward. I have a couple of other comments and concerns, but I think I've
said enough. We've heard a lot of the concerns. Again, just to summarize.
I'm okay with moving forward, but that means we've got to do it right, and
that means we can't do it this fall.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I want to thank the survey. Very helpful to have
two rounds and more specific questions.            Thanks to the work of the
Committee. It was nice to have eight hours of work done by others with us
being able to get the benefits. I'd like to make just the case why I think the
tax election in November 2016 makes sense. A tax on employees for
transportation needs. Why are we rushed? I don't know. I've been sitting
on this Council now through the last three, four, five years. I can't tell you
the number of hours we've spent dealing with traffic, parking, congestion,
density, quality of life issues. Exploring and trying to deal with it in a variety
of ways. They're with us. I think we need to focus and move forward.
Transportation funding makes sense. Why? There's some basic issues
about Palo Alto we've got to confront. We have three workers in town for
employed resident. That means a lot of people are coming into the City
every day. Traffic, parking. Every time we have a new proposal, we go
through a parking analysis, traffic analysis. I think clearly there are six to
ten critical intersections in Palo Alto that will have an F rating very soon. If
you add in local freeways and freeway onramps, you can add another ten
segments to that issue. We have traffic issues, and we can't blame our
neighbors, because none of our neighbors have that 3:1 ratio. We have
some clear goals. How do we deal with traffic? One way we've been talking
about now for three or four years is cut car trips, try and deal with car trips.
We have a VTA measure on the ballot. Most business people say, "Let's
support the VTA. Let's not undermine the VTA." There's one critical thing
about that; it's a sales tax. It means it's a regressive, consumer tax.
Lower, lower middle, middle-class people spend a lot more of their salary, a
much higher share, on consumer goods. Services aren't taxed. Property
isn't taxed on that. It puts business in a little funny position to say, "We
want the VTA tax but none others. Let's have a consumer tax, a regressive
                                                                           Page 76 of 98
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/27/16
