                          TRANSCRIPT
expressed them on behalf of some of my colleagues. I think we are ready to
go forward. Unless anybody else wishes to speak?

Council Member Kniss: May I ask one clarification?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Kniss: It now has come up several times. Hillary, would
you go through once more what is actually going to be in the in-lieu fee in
this particular situation and how it will be calculated? I think the Vice Mayor
spoke to that. I think Karen didn't quite ask the amount, but you're
concerned about the affordable housing.

Mayor Burt: Can I answer—Council Member Kniss, we don't know. The
answer is that it will be the fee in place at the time the building permits are
issued. We have in process a revision to the fees which could cause them to
either go up or down or stay the same from where they. That's the answer.

Council Member Kniss: That's the part I find troubling.

Mayor Burt: That's the answer.

Council Member Kniss: This is an answer, and a good answer. I think that's
one of the things you're hearing us struggle with tonight. Where does this
end up and where does the affordable housing actually go in our
community? Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, we've all had a go-around. I allowed
Council Member Kniss to ask a question for clarification. If we're starting
another round of comments, I don't want to do that.

Council Member Wolbach: I was going to respond (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: We got it. Please vote on the board. That passes on an 8-1
vote with Council Member Wolbach voting no and the balance voting yes.
Thank you all for coming tonight.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Wolbach no

Mayor Burt: If people are taking off, we'll give you a moment to leave. We
kind of need people to clear out in order to start the next item.

Council took a break from 6:53 P.M. to 7:00 P.M.

3.    CONTINUED PUBLIC HEARING:     1601 California Avenue [15PLN-
      00500]: Request by The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford
                                                                         Page 14 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
