                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Are you confident that more than $300,000 was
spent on historic rehabilitation of the building?

Mr. Berkowitz: Gosh, yes. Way more. Way, way more, absolutely.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois. Thank you, Mr. Berkowitz.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, I want to say I really appreciate the
Sea Scout Building, really appreciate EV partners for the restoration. It
looks great. Like you said, it really is a good example of a public-private
partnership. There was a commitment for $300,000. I think the Council
definitely needs to meet that commitment and make sure that you guys get
$300,000. I think in some respects it's a shame it's taken so long to come
back, but at least we're here today. I am a little bit concerned about the
precedent of Council using TDRs as a funding source. When projects come
to us, we talk about the context and density Downtown, but then we turn
around and do it ourselves. My strong preference would be we just pay the
$300,000 out of the General Fund instead of selling TDRs. These TDRs are
better than most in that they don't come with parking exemptions. Again, I
think we should be aware of the precedent. Regardless of the bathroom, I
think part of the agreement was that they would manage the construction. I
think you rightly recognize that that takes a lot of time and effort. I would
support having you pay the City the $75,000 and then the City managing
that. I guess I'd like to hear from my colleagues about waiving the other
fees. I do think we're going to be incurring a lot more costs by managing
that construction ourselves. I think it was pretty attractive to also get a
bathroom out of this deal. I did go back and read the Minutes from 2007 or
whenever this was happening. Those are my comments. I would prefer to
see us just pay the $300,000 and accept $75,000 and take on management
and construction of the bathroom.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. A couple of things. I also think it's a
fabulous building. You guys did a great job. I was really impressed. I go
jogging in the Baylands all the time, and I see it. I run by it every time; I
always take the little path. Sometimes I go one way; sometimes I go the
other way. It's actually really fun. Kudos to you all; you did a great job. I
agree 100 percent with what Mr. Berkowitz said. We made a commitment
back in 2007. I think we should honor that commitment. I definitely think
we should sell the TDRs. It's only 2,500 square feet, first of all, so it has a
minimum impact on anything. We agreed to do it back then. We can't
always just say let's take another $300,000 out of our General Fund. The
reason I mentioned that I jog out in the Baylands and all that is we do need

                                                                            Page 12 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
