                          TRANSCRIPT
direction to Staff around at least starting to explore some potential pilot
programs around housing where you'd have maybe higher density housing
near our transit cores decoupled from parking. I think we mentioned it
before, but I think now is a good time to mention it again, the idea of
perhaps having bike share onsite at residential developments like that or
very proximate. As Mayor Burt was just saying, they might even be a
funding partner for this. I would lend my voice to that concept as well at
least for exploration. I think that this is—as was said before, it's important
to recognize all of the potential benefits that come from this and the cost
comparisons.

Mayor Burt: We have one public speaker, Colin Roche.            You have three
minutes to speak. Welcome.

Colin Roche, Swiftmile: Hello, Council Members. My name's Colin Roche.
I'm President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of a local company called
Swiftmile. We're actually developing something that addresses everything
you've stated here today, which is an electric bike share system that's solar-
powered, can be deployed anywhere, that's quick to set up. One of the
elephants in this room that nobody discussed is you're making it seem by
placing more bike stations out there, more people are going to bike. You're
actually going to attract the bikers that already bike. What about the 99
percent of the different people out there that actually don't get on a bike?
There's new options. There's been an explosion in electric bikes within the
last two years that give you the ability for pedal-assist or you can bike just
pure biking. You get the best of both worlds. These systems are set up to
be completely tracked; they're smart; you can locate them with your smart
phone. The system, because they're solar, you can place them in many
different locations. We're already deployed at Google; we're down at the
Santa Clara Valley Transit Authority as a pilot station right outside their front
door. We're also engaged with a lot of companies at Stanford Research
Park. Council Member Holman, you mentioned the hotels and resorts.
That's actually one of our focuses as well. A lot of them, we've talked to
every general manager there. They say people Uber in, and in order to get
around locally they either have to walk, which might be too far, or they're
going to get in another car, maybe another Uber, and get back on the roads
to congest the roads. What about having a system where they could just
simply walk out their front door and get on one of these bikes? The other
part about bike share, which we love by the way. I'm not saying anything
bad about it. To attract non-bikers for the work hours, all studies suggest
this: people don't want to sweat to get to work. You talk about Stanford
Research Park. Half of those companies up there are up on a hill. That's
just another factor that a lot of people decide not to bike. That's just the
pure truth. I'm just here today to let you know as a local company, I was
                                                                          Page 22 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
