                          TRANSCRIPT
location. We need the length of the site coming in from Kipling in order to
get that driveway to work. You can see here we just run out of room. We
can't come down and make a turn and get into a garage. Hexagon further
concluded that to minimize pedestrian/vehicle conflicts it would be best to
locate the driveway on Kipling as proposed. Additionally, the abandonment
of the existing driveway obviously makes a safer bicycle route along Lytton.
Other positive aspects that I believe are created by having the driveway
over here is now we've got 35 feet separation on the ground floor between
the house and our building afforded by that driveway, open space, etc. If
the driveway was moved, we might be closer to the Kipling home because
we'd have to put the building someplace else. Additionally, this is where
that plaza is proposed here, in front of the building. Lastly regarding this,
the Palo Alto Municipal Code, 18.18.110—there it is—"vehicle access from
alleys or side streets where they exist with pedestrian access from the public
streets." They're encouraging us to put the driveways on the side streets.
Parking is accessed from side streets or alleys when possible. The precedent
is there. Certainly, the context. The next thing is second-floor window
terrace. Site plan here. The appellant's home at 340 Kipling is here, the
two-story home. The two rectangles are his dormer windows. You can see
our landscape buffer here. This is a 20-foot tall hedge at maturity of
bamboo and pittosporum. A big 45-foot tree that we're proposing back
here, not initially but eventually. This is the terrace with a roof garden on it
with planting to help provide privacy. This is a picture of the side. The
appellant's home is here with his two dormer windows. The house in
between, our building on the left. This is the existing condition showing that
driveway again with a little bit of landscaping here. There's really no privacy
now. In fact, this diagram tells it best. This is the existing office building.
You look right across this one-story home, right into the two-story home. In
fact, the appellant had provided pictures of that. It's quite remarkable. This
is the proposed project with a 16 to 20-foot tall hedge. I don't show that
neighbor's hedge here and also a vine-covered trellis. You can see that the
hedge diverts the view up and provides the buffer that the Code encourages.
This also shows the daylight plane. In fact, it is created at the property line.
I'm not sure what you're referring to when it said it was created at the
house. It comes off the property line and then up at 45 degrees. I would
argue that there's more privacy under the proposal than there is today. This
is the terrace with the roof garden on the terrace. Again, we have a yard
behind the building and a 20-foot tall hedge that would provide some
screening. The ARB conditioned the use of the terrace hours from 8:00 A.M.
to 6:00 P.M. Monday through Friday and 9:00 to 5:00 on the weekends.
However, after discussing with the neighbor on Waverley, we've agreed to
limit the outdoor use of that terrace to 10:00 to 5:00 during the week and
shut it down on the weekends. An additional ARB condition that Planner Ah
Sing mentioned was that automatic shades will be installed in these office
                                                                          Page 35 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
