                          TRANSCRIPT
member working on parking programs. We're about to add another one on
Monday, a parking staff specialist. Our current attention is focused on
delivering the Evergreen Park and Southgate RPPs. We're planning to bring
a Resolution for Evergreen Park to Planning and Transportation Commission
(PTC) in October and Council in November. Our plan moving forward was to
come back to you in January with some substantive changes to the
Resolution for the Downtown program. If we were to need to come back
before then in order to freeze the permit sales in Zones 9 and 10, I don't
know that we have the Staff resources to do that simultaneously with
moving forward with Evergreen Park and Southgate.

Council Member DuBois: Can you explain what would be the effort to not
selling any more permits?

Mr. Mello: You would need to adopt a new Resolution that specified that.
We would need to prepare the Resolution. We would need to work with the
permit sales vendor to freeze the permits in the online system. We would
probably need to provide some notification to employees that those are no
longer available in that area. I would also like to note that there's very little
demand for Zone 9 and 10; we've sold very few permits over the last six
months that Phase 2 has been in operation. I don't think we're going to see
a mass rush to buy additional permits in those zones between now and the
end of the program in March.

Council Member DuBois: Did you also accept or understand that I was
saying that we would reduce the total amount of business permits available
from the 2,000, minus the ones that were in 9 and 10?

Mr. Mello: Yeah. Another important point is that there's actually only 1,465
permits available right now, because there's a significant number in 9 and
10 that are held in reserve right now. The cap is actually 1,465 right now
until additional streets in Zone 9 and 10 opt into the program, and then that
cap will go up.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to make that explicit, not that we
would then sell 2,000 permits in Zones 1-8.

Mr. Keene: Just a quick clarification since we're wordsmithing here. Under
"C," the second sentence where we talk about "allow additional City streets"
is subject to the same "direct Staff to return" with that. We would not be
able to do that without coming back.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part C, “allow” with
“direct Staff to return with options to allow.”
                                                                        Page 104 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
