                         TRANSCRIPT
quality of life that our residents value. Pat is someone who can help build
that common purpose within the Council. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Burt, do you care to speak to your
nomination?

Council Member Burt: Thank you to Council Member Kniss for those words.
I would say that just briefly my thoughts on the role of the Mayor and the
needs of the Council are that the Mayorship role is one of leadership and not
one of authority. The responsibility of the Mayor is to not only be the voice
of the Council when asked to be so, but also to lead the Council forward
throughout its meetings and its agenda throughout the year, to really have a
focused approach and a productive approach to what it's attempting to do,
and to attempt to build consensus within the governing body. The intent of
what we want to do requires that there be at least the majority of the
Council and hopefully a broad consensus around issues. I very much respect
those responsibilities and limitations and would look forward to providing
those services to the Council this year.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights. Before we hear from one member of
the public who has submitted a card and before we vote, I already have my
first role of advice for the new Mayor. That is—you see I'm not used to
going from a script. I overlooked recognizing our dignitaries. Next year,
when the Mayor does this, after the roll call is recognition of dignitaries.
We're honored to have several people with us here. Supervisor Simitian, I
don't see him because no one chose to sit in the front seats. Everyone's
hiding out. We also have a representative here from Jerry Hill's office. I
believe we were to have somebody here from Rich Gordon's office too. I'm
not sure—there we go. Right beside each other. Thank you. From Anna
Eshoo's office we have Anne. Thank you very much for coming. Anne
Ream, she has a last name. Former Mayors Larry Klein, Yoriko Kishimoto,
Former Vice Mayor Enid Pearson, Former Mayor Vic Ojakian, Former Mayor
Judy Kleinberg, Former Council Member Emily Renzel. I don't think we've
overlooked anybody. If we have, please make yourself known. You're
coming, you're coming. We have representing the School Board Camille
Townsend from PAUSD. We have several people who devote much time,
many hours, a lot of dedication working on Boards, Commissions and our
Community Advisory Committee for the Comp Plan.                    We have
representatives from the Comp Plan CAC. We have fiber to the home
representatives and Library Advisory Commission. When you hear your
group, if you'd just stand, that would be really great so we can acknowledge
you. Stand and stay standing. If you're on the CAC, fiber, Comp Plan CAC,
Parks and Rec Commission. I know we have a couple of people here from
the Parks and Rec Commission. I don't see anybody from the Planning and
                                                                        Page 4 of 23
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/4/16
