                          TRANSCRIPT
here to answer any CEQA-related questions if you have any. I'm here to
answer any other questions you may have. Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now we have ten speakers from the public. Our
first speaker is David Van Atta, to be followed by Stephanie Munoz. Each
speaker will have up to three minutes to speak.

David Van Atta: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'm legal
counsel for the project 1050 Page Mill. I just want to emphasize a couple of
things. First of all, we're reviewing the final EIR and the Architectural
Review findings that were made by the ARB that came through. This project
is a replacement of existing square footage that complies with the Code
sections that you've talked about within the leasehold in the Stanford
Research Park. We're replacing existing facilities with existing facilities and
not increasing the square footage. The discussion about FAR and the
Stanford campus does not have any merit with respect to this circumstance.
We're talking about complying with the square footage that's already on the
site. The Architectural Review provisions do not allow changing the zoning
requirements, if you will, that we're entitled to under Code Section
18.70.100. When we do our Architectural Review, we do it in the context of
the Code sections that provide us with the size and nature of the project that
we're entitled to. Under 18.70.100, we are entitled to replace existing
square footage with existing square footage. That is what our Code states.
We don't want to act in contravention of our Code; we want to follow our
Code. That's what we're asking the City to do in this instance. This project
has been thoroughly vetted for three years through various reviews, ARB,
Planning and Transportation Committee. It's an architecturally superior
project with vast improvements over what is existing now. We think it is
within the range of the scope of the presentations that this EIR is adequate
and that the ARB findings should be supported as an environmentally
superior project. We welcome your discussion and ready for questions you
might have. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Van Atta, I allowed you to speak on a discretionary basis.
Just for everyone's reference, your comments should be part of the
applicant's team.

Mr. Van Atta: Fine. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Stephanie Munoz, to be followed by Tiffany
Griego.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. It's a
beautiful building at least from the pictures and certainly architecturally
superior, and it's avant garde and it's probably the wave of the future. Is
                                                                         Page 50 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
