                          TRANSCRIPT
see that as a critical study. We're in the data collection phase right now.
We've already collected one data set. There'll be another data set in
September and October, once school's back in session. We're looking at not
just occupancy, which is something we've done routinely with the RPP
projects, but also turnover, and we're doing some focus groups with
residents and members of the business community. We're going to get a
fuller sense of how all our parking resources are used, not just the garages
and the residential streets but also our on-street spaces and parking lots in
Downtown.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When is the parking study going to be completed? That
was my question.

Ms. Gitelman: We're hoping to complete it by the end of the year.

Vice Mayor Scharff: By the end of the year. The parking access and
revenue controls, I thought this came to Council originally—it was going to
be these things underneath that you drove over. Council said—I've got to
remember never to do this again. The question you posed to us is do you
want to wait six months and have better technology or do you want to use
this right now. We said, "No. Come back with a better technology." How
did this come to be unfunded? You're coming back in six months on that
issue, and now it's just unfunded. How do we get that without coming to
Council?

Ms. Gitelman: When we collectively put the CIP together and we know how
much money we have, we're looking for projects that can be funded in other
ways. Parking access and revenue controls and parking guidance systems
were identified as capital improvements that could be funded through
parking revenues. That's how it got teed up behind the paid parking study.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This isn't a Staff issue. This is purely a funding issue.

Ms. Gitelman: It is a Staff capacity issue in the sense that we have now one
person, with Jessica's departure, managing all these parking projects. We
thought it made sense to prioritize the one that was going to generate the
money over the other ones that were going to spend the money.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fair enough. Have we done the work? This came
to us—I don't know. Help me out. A year ago?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) time ago.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Eighteen months? Have we done the work?


                                                                        Page 73 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
