                          TRANSCRIPT
mentioned, Stanford and some big employers in town. In the past I've
advocated that we revamp our City shuttle system to create one unified
system within Palo Alto, where you bring together the Stanford Marguerite,
Palo Alto shuttles, taking kids to schools and employers and just create one,
single unified system. I'm also open to other ways that we can combine
systems and create a mobility as a service future whether it's through
different systems that intersect efficiently or by creating a single unified
system. I'd be curious if you have any thoughts about that, because we're
going to be continuing that discussion this year. The priorities that Palo Alto
sent to VTA at the end of last summer, in addition to a number of projects
that we proposed, we highlighted four priorities as a Council. One was
Caltrain grade separations and other Caltrain improvements. Two, bicycle
and pedestrian service improvements. Third, first and last-mile service.
Fourth, for VTA to start to play a better role to support TMAs and other
transportation demand management efforts throughout the County, thus
providing support for systems that they might not run themselves but might
provide that cross network where you have service up on El Camino Real
and up and down Caltrain and through light rail, but where you have these
other connections that maybe could be providing first and last mile, even if
they're run privately or by local cities. I'm curious if you have any thoughts
on those four priorities, and if we should add or subtract or add new ones to
that list as we continue our discussions with VTA in preparation for a
potential ballot measure. As I mentioned before in my last question, I'm
curious to hear if you have any thoughts on since you did mention the idea
of changing how office parks work. As our Stanford Research Park has
become significantly though certainly not entirely office, what kind of
opportunities you might see for or if you've given thought to the future of
interspersing some housing at smart locations in the Stanford Research
Park.

Mr. Heck:     Great set of questions.     In terms of your first question,
coordination, I'm a complete advocate for we should coordinate and treat
this as a system. I argued for that earlier. In the world of app.’s, different
modes are converging and available through one app. Certainly the more
we can—I mentioned the county boundaries that are one of the main
barriers for actually having an effective network. We need to think about
this as a network. We need to structure it as a network. We need to
coordinate the schedule. We need to make it easy for people to transfer
from one to another and certainly to make sure that all of the information is
available. If you said integrating Marguerite, Stanford shuttles, employer
shuttles, linking that to Caltrain, I would wholeheartedly endorse that.
Again, you want to make it very easy from a user experience point of view
to say how do I get access, how do I get where I'm going. Most people
actually don't care who's the operator of that link. It just needs to get me
                                                                        Page 44 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
