                         TRANSCRIPT
preservation like the last plan that wanted to put three-story homes where
two-story homes had previously been allowed. The other thing is that it has
a respect for the neighborhood. Finally, there's a respect for nature. I
worked with Ted, and I know that he's expressed support for, if there's some
specimen fruit trees in that area, they could be transplanted. I took an 80-
year-old wisteria from the old Stanford Children's Hospital and have that in
my front yard. It does cost a lot of money, but I'm hoping that can be a
part of the preservation, that we can have—even though we're going to lose
the orchard land, we will have some of the orchard life continue. I think
that's a very admirable goal that Ted has indicated his cooperation. The
spirit of cooperation in this discussion is tremendous. Finally, I'm just
recalling that Greg Scharff had said, "I assure you," this was when you and I
were debating a few years back, "that any proposal," when we were talking
about the 72-units, "any proposal that comes through the private sector is
going to be much, much worse." I'm so happy. I'm hoping that you can
express your enthusiasm by remembering that point.

Mayor Burt: Our final speaker is Bill Ross.

William Ross: Good evening. I'm the attorney that filed the underlying
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) action for the referendum and
also dismissed it. I would address Council Member Scharff's concern about
the pedestrian path and relay the kind of analysis that occurred before the
PTC. Feasibility is described in both CEQA and the General Plan guidelines
as capable of being carried out, taking into consideration economic, social,
political, planning and environmental constraints. Mr. O'Hanlon is modest;
he presented a very detailed economic analysis before the PTC about the
cost of the square footage of the pedestrian path coming in. In fact, almost
10 months ago, the pedestrian path was analyzed in conjunction with the
bicycle path and an EVA at the same location and rejected by the same
cooperative type of analysis that's taken place between the developer, Staff
and the neighborhood. Finally, the Transportation Element incorporates the
Bike and Pedestrian Plan. This is located in the southwest quadrant. There's
no planning or map or textual provision that supports it. The three critical
provisions of the Mitigated Negative Declaration, transportation, land use
and greenhouse gases, doesn't allude to it. The question is where does the
authority come from for the connectivity. I would respectfully suggest that
the Planning and Transportation Commission analyzed that issue and found
that none of that was present and, in fact, it wasn't feasible. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you for the reminder that the applicant has an
opportunity to have any follow-up rebuttal items to speak to.

                                                                      Page 92 of 116
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/20/16
