                          TRANSCRIPT
value for every single kilowatt hour that comes out of the solar system,
whether it goes through storage or not. You're basically adding a third to a
half of the wholesale cost of electricity in value available to the utility, which
in this case is municipal, in terms of—they were only talking about load
shifting and deferred capital expenditures for expansions. They weren't
even talking about all of the benefits in terms of stabilizing the grid and
demand response and all that other stuff. You've got a lot of opportunities
here which you could be passing up and throwing under the bus. It's a small
portion—the Finance Committee made this argument that, because it was
such a small portion of the total amount of electricity you buy, you should
not allow it to be higher. No, for that very reason, you should go ahead and
do it, because you're doing an experiment here. It's a pilot project. You
should be looking at what are all the possibilities to blow the doors off that
four percent number and get up to 40, 50, 60 percent, which is possible if
you do things like using captive column structural systems to throw up
structures over your streets and parking lots and putting solar on that.
There's a lot of things you can do to go beyond what people do today. The
costs of solar are going to fall in half again. The cost of the batteries is
going to be around $150, $140 a kilowatt hour within two years. Within
three or four years, it'll probably be under $100 a kilowatt hour. That gives
you the full economic value. The full economic potential of the solar is
realized by having the storage. If you're only looking at the solar, you're not
looking at the whole picture. If you're only looking at today's technology,
you're not looking at the whole picture. You need to be looking at what is
the moving target going forward and what can you do to maximize the value
you're going to get out of it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. The next speaker is Sven Thesen, to be followed
by Bruce Hodge. Welcome.

Sven Thesen: Good evening, all. My name is Sven Thesen. Full disclosure,
I'm a resident of Palo Alto, founder of Project Green Home, one of the
nation's most energy efficient homes. I'm on the Unitarian Universalist Co-
Chair of our Green Sanctuary that applied for and successfully got Palo Alto
CLEAN program. I run a Limited Liability Company (LLC) that finances solar
on top of nonprofits. Lastly, I consult for Palo Alto on EV matters. Pat, your
comment about getting chargers as part of the four solar canopies on four
garages, we are going to highly likely win a very large grant to install
chargers there. I just want to say I support the CLEAN program, and I'm a
big fan of Winston Churchill and what he did during World War II. As such,
the shenanigans—I say that word again because I think he liked it,
shenanigans—of the Council's Finance Committee in accelerating and
railroading this Motion was just not cricket, but I approve. If you're at war
and trying to save the budget, you would do something like that. I approve.
                                                                           Page 57 of 72
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 3/28/16
