                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I would just add we're also in a sense already on the hook for
looping back through Policy and Services and, I think, ultimately to the
Council on some of the other dewatering-related requests or issues that
came up at the P&S meeting, what we call Phase 2 and Phase 3. I think that
some time in the process of getting through this construction season and
how we would schedule those other discussions, we'll be looping the Council
back in.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That was really my next question. This is why I
actually don't think it quite works the way you just suggested, Jim. What
the report is asking—I guess I was a little unclear on this. Are you asking
for a Motion that says come back to us and provide an update on the work
plan for the Group 2 efforts to the Policy and Services Committee in the first
quarter of 2016? That's what's in the Staff Report. Is that what you're
looking for in the Motion? On the Group 3, I just wanted to clarify that what
you're actually looking for, because I thought you were a little unclear on
that frankly, Phil, was that Staff will prepare a report for the Policy and
Services Committee in the first half of 2016 to discuss the Group 3 matters
and the development of a potential recommendation to Council to direct
additional work in one or more of those areas. What you're not looking for
us to do tonight is to say go ahead and do work on any of these Group 3.
What you're looking for us to do is to say go to Policy and Services, discuss
if there was a recommendation to Council to do any of those. I just wanted
to clarify that that's what you're looking for.

Mr. Keene: That's correct. That's correct. We're not asking for ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I heard something slightly different.

Mr. Keene: ... direction on those. I didn't mean to—I don't think I ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Not from you. I actually heard it different from Phil. I
just wanted to clarify that. That's correct. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: A technical question. I'm a little confused with the
assumptions we're making, that 2016 is okay to go ahead. On page 2 and 3
of your presentation, you give your base assumptions. Two says there is
very little connection between the shallow aquifer and the deep aquifer until
you get to, on page 3, well above the Stanford campus. Now, there has
been some input from the public that has said more recent studies than
what you're citing. Page 3 cites the Santa Clara Valley Water District
recharge zone which the District currently uses for planning. It doesn't say
where they got it, when they got it, how long they've had it. Numerous
                                                                       Page 41 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
