                          TRANSCRIPT
two years. I didn't quite see when I read this a strategy of what you're
thinking in terms of that.

Ms. Goldman: The Plan is a roadmap that really is a menu of options. One
of the recommendations is an annual work plan. There will be a retreat
that's taking place this fall with the Public Art Commission. At that point,
they will be weighing and evaluating all the options and making sure that
there is in fact that balance. They'll identify the resources that are available
and how they would like to spend them within the next year or two. That
will then be presented for your ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Somewhere in the report, does it say where that is?
That there will be a balance, so the Commission knows when they do their
retreat that they should have a balance as opposed to all of the money goes
to one thing or all of the money goes to another thing. Is there somewhere
in the report we can point to where it says what you just said?

Ms. Goldstein: The implementation grid that was created basically specifies
what happens in long term, short term and midterm. I don't know whether
that's one of the appendices that you shared (crosstalk). That actually talks
about the different types of projects that should be happening within
different timeframes. There are dollar amounts attached to those things.

Ms. Halpern: There's nothing in the report that strongly favors temporary
over permanent installations. You'll see that as we keep going.

Ms. DeMarzo: Also maybe part of what you're trying to get to is—because of
the multiyear nature of public art, it's not as though all of the funding gets
spent in that one year. Public art funds do tend to roll over because of the
nature of these projects, especially the larger, more impactful ones are
construction projects because we know they can take some time.

Ms. Halpern: We'll make sure at our next Study Session with Council that
we map that out to show that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The other area that I was a little—actually I think I had
a concern about this. On Page 26, Packet Page 690, under employ the skills
of regional and national artists to enhance the work of the City—you're
asking us to approve this—it says promote inclusion of artists in the City's
planning processes such as City Boards and Commissions. Art is (inaudible)
leadership, etc. I guess I'm not sure from a practical point of view if this
means that now we would have an artist spot on the Planning and
Transportation Commission or an artist spot on—I guess, what other
Commissions did you have in mind? I'm a little concerned about that

                                                                          Page 76 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
