                         TRANSCRIPT
timeframes, in each portion you have ten additional trips, in each portion.
It's not a significant amount of trips that are being added to the site.
Furthermore, the memo does go into detail about intersection operations
and the level of service which is graded between A and F. The level of
service does not change at any of these intersections that were studied in
the project. There's no impact by having that circulation the way it is
proposed.

Council Member DuBois: You made some comment that currently the traffic
is higher on the weekends on Kipling. Again, most of the parking today goes
out on Lytton, right?

Mr. Ah Sing: My comments had to do with the pedestrian access.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. In tonight's presentation, there was
reference to if the properties are merged that the whole site would become
an historic property but with only one historic building on it. How come
we've not seen that before? I didn't find it anywhere in the Staff Report, in
any of the conditions of approval. Is that new? I've asked that question for
months, how the historic property would be dealt with. That's one question.

Mr. Ah Sing: That question did come up at the HRB. It also came up at the
ARB meetings. We answered the same way, that the site as it gets merged
becomes a historic property, but the only eligible and only designated
historic structure is the 411 Lytton. A separate historic resource evaluation
was conducted for 437 Lytton and was found not to be eligible. Any new
building that's on a site will just be not a historic structure.

Council Member Holman: My question is this. If that's the case, why is it
not indicated in the Staff Report or in the conditions of approval or in the
description that that would be the case, that the whole site would be
deemed historic and that one building on it would be an historic structure
though? In other words, how would the property be treated? How would it
be categorized? It's not indicated in the Staff Report that I can find or
conditions of approval.

Mr. Lait: What would happen is the properties would be merged. There's
411 and 437, I think, are the two properties. It's possible there may be a
new address identified or maybe they take one of those addresses. We have
on our records that the structure on 411 is a historic resource, Category 2 as
you know. We're not doing any new re-designation of the site, but we have
                                                                        Page 25 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
