                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. George: Thank you very much, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Now, that's our comments and questions. We have
a number of members of the public who now will speak. For those who don't
know, in our Study Sessions as our procedures have it, they're principally for
Council exploration. We hear from members of the public at the tail end.
We've run over quite a lot. We have, I think, seven or eight speaker cards.
I'd like to ask members of the public to use 2 minutes per comment period.
Our first speaker is Robert Sadew, to be followed by Nisha Gabbi.

Mr. Keene: As the first speaker comes up, Mr. Mayor, just a clarification.
We actually have about 500 City employees in the Downtown out of our
1,000. We've got the Municipal Services Center and Lucie Stern. I know
there was a lot of math that was being done very quickly.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Welcome.

Robert Sadew, Scoop Cofounder and CEO: Thank you for having me. I'll be
short knowing that we're over. A quick introduction. My name's Rob
Sadew; I'm the CEO and cofounder of Scoop which you've heard a little bit
about both in the program for the Research Park and also the program for
Downtown. First of all, I wanted to congratulate everybody. While this stuff
is very challenging, moving forward with a TMA and the programs that have
been outlined is a huge step forward. It takes time to get right, but I think
it's fantastic. A quick background on Scoop just so you understand a little
bit more about what you heard. Scoop is a fully automated carpooling
solution based on an idea that carpooling historically has always been the
best idea that no one can ever get people to really do in mass. There's a
couple of reasons for that. One is that it's not so easy to find people that
come from where you come from, go to where you go at the times that you
want. The other half of it is most people don't know what time they want to
go home when they get to work in the morning. It changes day to day; it
changes during the day. What we do is distill that so you can take your
morning trip separate from your evening trip. You book each trip one-way
at a time. You might go with one person, come home with somebody else.
We've got lots of users that do this just in the morning, not the evening; just
in the evening, not the morning; one day a week; five days a week; drive
one day, ride the next. The goal is to offer people flexibility but still make it
possible for them to carpool. It's something that's been very successful for
us in Pleasanton, in San Jose with employers like Sysco and Brocade and
Cadence and a number of others, in San Francisco. We're excited to bring it
here to Palo Alto. A couple of things I'd like to say. Thank you to the TMA
for allowing us to present last summer and get to know everybody. We're
really excited to partner with the TMA, to partner with the Stanford Research

                                                                          Page 65 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
