                          TRANSCRIPT

thank Elena and Jeremy for their participation, and particularly Rob from the
services department. He did not get in our way. He did not tell us what to
do, but boy was he a useful participant in what we did. My further comment
on that was as we tried to be aware of the five goals that we were dealing
with, I would like to mention that I think the goals informed all of our
programs and policies. I would like to suggest that—this is as a CAC
member and as a person, not as a CAC. This isn't coming from the
chairman or whatever; it's coming from me. I would like to suggest that the
programs and policies might inform the Council relative to making sure that
the five goals are the right goals or are properly stated. Goal Number 1 is
efficient and effective, and there are 30 policies in there. Do they all belong
there or whatever, you certainly have the right to decide that. We think
many of them, if not all of them, are there because we believe in them, but
there's way too many policies. As Jeremy pointed out, one of the things
we're excited about is if we have all this good stuff in the community, we
want people to participate. Maybe a goal should be separated out that
actively pursues getting people to participate as well as having the program
there. I'd like to comment that I think the Staff did an incredibly good job
with the narrative. I think the narrative captures the essences of the
services in the community, and it allows us to build on that. This whole CAC
process is something I'm proud of, and I really enjoy working with the Staff.
We'll miss Jeremy when he goes. Thank you.

Mr. Dennis: Don mention that Bonnie Packer is here who served on the
subcommittee. Also I saw in the audience our Co-Chairs, Arthur and Dan,
and then also Shani Kleinhaus who serves on the CAC. With that, we want
to open it up to your questions and comments. As I mentioned, Rob de
Geus is here, if you have any questions there and Hillary, my boss, and
myself.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Why don't we go and hear from members of the
public first, and then come into our questions and comments. Our first
speaker is Don Barr, to be followed by former Council Member Gail Price.
Welcome. Everyone will have up to three minutes to speak.

Don Barr: Good evening, thank you very much. I'm Don Barr. In 1998, I
founded the nonprofit Community Working Group, and in 2004 I appeared
before the Council and got your unanimous approval on behalf of the
Community Working Group to develop the Opportunity Center. I continue to
work with that. I want to talk about the Element, because I think that there
are some factual errors in the draft Element. For example, it is the
Community Working Group that owns and operates the Opportunity Services
                                                                         Page 17 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
