                          TRANSCRIPT
developers were asked why they did that. The answer was that's what the
market wants. The market wants larger units and lower density. You talk
about increasing the density, going above RM-30. I don't know if you're
aware of it, but at one time we had RM-40 and RM-50 zones. Nothing was
being built at those densities, so the zones were eliminated. Another
problem that you're talking about is putting housing along the Stanford
Research Park, the Stanford development and in the Stanford Research Park
itself. In the past, Stanford has said they would not build housing in the
Research Park. I don't know if you're aware of this, but here was an area in
the Research Park, west of Foothill Expressway along Arastradero, which was
zoned for housing in the Research Park. After Stanford put their foot down,
that area was rezoned, and the housing was built along Alma. Another
problem that you have to face is that the number of workers per square foot
in office space has been increasing for years. It's probably going to continue
to increase. Saying only building X thousand square feet of office space,
we're only going to get Y number of additional workers. That does not
necessarily compute. Over time, the number of workers per square feet has
been increasing. I think you'll find it's going to continue that way, because
of the cost of renting office space. There are a lot of issues that are going to
create problems no matter what we decide we think is a good policy for
zoning and land use. I'll leave you one final point. The developers will
always be smarter and faster at coming up with ways of screwing the City
than the community and the City Council can (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Mark Mollineaux.

Mark Mollineaux:      Thank you.        I'd just like to comment on the
characterization that the difference in the housing stock in the different
scenarios is more than modest. I would say it actually is modest. It's
modest when it's reflected that business as usual is a scenario that reflects a
housing policy which has failed to create affordable housing for people. It's
a policy that has (inaudible) housing prices to soar. Residents here may
overlook that because they're shielded from the repercussions of rising
housing stock in many cases. The most increase of any population in these
scenarios is 13,700. That's about 20 percent over 15 years. That's about
1.3 percent a year. This is small when compared to the increase in housing
prices. By looking at the details as opposed to the big picture of is the
housing policy working, it tends to undermine the notion that the local
communities are really using the power of zoning entrusted by the State
correctly. I imagine that if local cities don't face to their obligations to the
State and local region, it would tend to undermine this power, and you tend
to see more things like Jerry Brown's by-right housing policy. Probably far
more severe because as far as the severity of the problem we have, none of
this begins to address it. Lastly as far as the environmental impact goes, I
                                                                          Page 40 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
