                          TRANSCRIPT
15.   Review of Recommendations From the Storm Drain Blue Ribbon
      Committee Regarding Future Storm Water Management Funding and
      Request for Council Direction on Whether to Proceed With a
      Proposition 218 Hearing and Property Owner Ballot-by-Mail to Approve
      Future Storm Water Management Rates.

16.   PUBLIC HEARING: Request for City Council and Public Comments on
      the Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) and Fiscal Study
      Prepared for the Comprehensive Plan Update.             The Draft
      Environmental Impact Report was Published on February 5, 2016 for a
      Public Comment Period That Will end on June 8, 2016.

Mayor Burt: ... is a request for City Council and public comments—request
for review by the City Council and public comments on a Draft
Environmental Impact Report and Fiscal Study prepared for the
Comprehensive Plan Update. The Draft EIR was published on February 5,
2016, for a public comment period that will end on June 8th of this month.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm joined this evening by Joanna Jansen, who is an associate
principal of PlaceWorks, a consulting firm that's been working with us for a
long time now on the Comprehensive Plan Update. With her is Ben Sigman,
an Executive Vice President of the firm EPS that helped us develop the Fiscal
Study. They'll be helping with the presentation and questions this evening.
Before we launch in, I also wanted to mention that I know the Council's
received a number of letters since the packet went out. We've also held a
number of hearings at other Boards and Commissions in the City to gather
comments. All of the comments we receive, whether in writing or orally, at
these hearings like this evening's will be included and responded to in the
Final EIR. Joanna and Ben are going to give you a quick overview of the
Draft EIR and the Fiscal Study as well as the process we're engaged in.
We're going to motor through this really as fast as we can. We're here to
get any additional feedback you have on these drafts and get any remaining
public comments. This comment period has been going on for quite a while,
and we've had a number of discussions.             This is kind of a cleanup
opportunity. If you have any remaining comments, tonight's the night.
We'd also like the City Council's final signoff on the fifth and sixth scenarios
that have been described in Attachment F. We tried to capture your
direction from the meeting of May 16th. I did, in reviewing it in preparation
for tonight's meeting, notice one typo in the description of Scenario 5. In
our rush to make the packet date, we seemed to have gotten that one
confused a little bit. When we get to Council questions, I'd be happy to


                                                                            Page 53 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
