                         TRANSCRIPT
basic life needs, air, food, drink, shelter and warm. I think we—I've thought
a lot about, and I've talked to my friends, we need to put shelter ahead of
food. If we have shelter for everybody, I think we need to guarantee that in
America. Mighty America has a lot of land, a lot of places, a lot of empty
houses. I think this is the beginning. If we can do this in Palo Alto, we can
extend this to the state, county, nation, for everyone to have a place to
sleep. Food is cheaper once you have a place to sleep. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'm
really proud of Palo Alto. This story with the mobile home park is happening
all over the country. It's very unfair. Palo Alto and Santa Clara County are
taking a stand, and it's the right stand. You get a little bonus. All these
people out here, they're not just poor souls; they are entrepreneurs. They
are showing you that there is a way that everybody can have a house. It's
by splitting up the land and sharing it out in small pieces, which they have
done and they are willing to do and were willing to do. It's not so much that
they got some kind of a bargain. How many acres for over 100 people?
That's like 25 to an acre. Any land in Los Altos Hills or Beverly Hills or
wherever, if you can put 25 houses on it, it will be worth a lot more than
having only one mansion on it. I think that there's a movement on—the
Council is going to study it—about encouraging small houses. They didn't
want to do that back in the '50s and the '40s or when they put up Palo Alto.
They wanted Palo Alto to look like a really prepossessing town like the one in
the cathedral basic readers. That's a nice idea. When we got industrialized,
when we accepted all that industry, then we had a need for workers.
Workers are never going to make as much as managers, never. They've
shown us a way that people can have a decent place to live just by sharing
the land. You have to permit it. You have to be willing to let them have
little pieces of land to put their little houses on. I hope you do. Thank you
very, very much.

Mayor Burt: Our final speaker is Vicki Veenker.

Vicki Veenker: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff, and members
of the City Council. For 13 years, I've been very proud to be on the Board of
the Law Foundation of Silicon Valley and the Fair Housing Law Project. The
residents of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park have given me 400 reasons
to be even prouder of it. I'm not speaking tonight on their behalf. I'm
speaking on my own behalf as a resident of the City of Palo Alto. I want to
thank Supervisor Simitian, Mayor Burt, Mayor Holman and others who have
worked to bring this potential partnership to us. I strongly urge you to
support it. It's something very important to me personally as a resident,

                                                                        Page 36 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
