                         TRANSCRIPT
8.9 total cost would be somewhere in like 7.1, 7.2 cents?     Do I read that
right?

Ms. Ratchye: You do read that right. One thing you have to take note, the
Hecate contract does not start until 2021 and it's not in place and it may
never come to fruition at that price. That's something you have to keep in
mind. The price here is probably—at 8.9 cents is still probably relatively
accurate.

Council Member Filseth: My other question was my recollection was that—it
wasn't obvious in the Staff Report—the proposal was to change the feed-in
tariff for future projects but not affect any of the existing ones, so the
Unitarian Church and so forth. That's correct isn't it?

Ms. Ratchye: Yes. Everyone who's applied now and submitted applications
under the program, submitted it during the time that the 16.5 cents is in
effect, all the five applications we have will be under that rate.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I have a question. We have a City policy to achieve 4 percent
local renewables. Can you break down where we stand in that and how this
program fits within that policy?

Ms. Ratchye: This program is one of the bag of tools that we have to try to
achieve that goal. The goal is to get 23 megawatts of solar by 2023. I
believe we have about 8-ish megawatts now. The applications we've already
received under the CLEAN program amount to 1.3 megawatts. That's
leaving 1.7 megawatts under the CLEAN cap. Those would contribute to
meeting the goal. We're hoping to have a community solar program.
People are still trying to put solar on right now. I don't know how many are
kind of in progress right now. We expect that there will be kind of a race to
get under the Net Energy Metering program.

Mayor Burt: Our current Net Energy program and then the PV Partners
program, how much more capacity exists under those two before they're at
their expiration?

Ms. Ratchye: For PV Partners?

Mayor Burt: Both, Net Metering and PV Partners.

Ms. Ratchye: Net Metering, we probably have another half a megawatt
under PV Partners. I believe we have about—that half megawatt would also
be under Net Metering. Everybody in the Partners program is also net

                                                                       Page 55 of 72
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/28/16
