                         TRANSCRIPT
potential impacts of growth projecting forward to the year 2030, which is the
horizon year of the Plan. As I said, we're looking at a number of planning
scenarios to inform this process. At a preview we held in January, the City
Council specifically asked us to develop a fifth scenario to address the issue
of the City's jobs/housing balance. We got subsequent direction from the
Council on February 22nd; we actually included a copy of that motion in the
Staff Report. We're really focusing this evening on this fifth scenario. Once
we have a fifth scenario—our hope is we'll develop the fifth scenario this
evening, then it will have to be subject to the same level of analysis as the
other scenarios. We'll produce a public document which we're considering a
supplement to the Draft EIR. That document will have to be circulated for
public review similar to the Draft EIR. We'll have to conclude that public
comment period, and then the comments we receive on the Draft EIR and
the supplement will be included in the Final EIR. That Final EIR has to be
completed before the Council can make a final decision on the Comp Plan
Update. Just a quick overview of the original four scenarios that are
analyzed in the Draft EIR. Again, we'd be happy to take any additional
comments you have on this at the hearing on June 6th. The first scenario is
really business as usual. This was our effort to look forward to 2030 and
say, "What would the world look like if we didn't update the Comp Plan, if we
just stuck with what we had, the policy framework didn't change and growth
continued along the path that it has been?" It's based on the City's past rate
of housing growth and Association of Bay Area Government’s (ABAG's)
projection of job growth in the City. In these slides, I'm providing both the
City and the City plus the sphere of influence. Later in the discussion, I'm
going to focus solely on the City just for clarity. It's easier to talk about
many of these issues that way. The second scenario was one designed to
look at more aggressive slowing of job growth, so it has a lower projection of
job growth than ABAG, and then business as usual. It has the same
projection of housing growth as business as usual, because it's based on just
the historic rate that we've added housing units in Palo Alto. The third
scenario tests this idea of eliminating housing sites along San Antonio. The
Council has talked about not being ideal, pretty distant from transit and
services, and in place of that increasing housing densities in other parts of
the City. I know we've discussed this in the past. It also tests the idea of
moderating job growth through the kind of annual limit on office/R&D space
that the Council has adopted in an interim ordinance. The fourth scenario
really has the most jobs and housing of all the scenarios. It's consistent
with the ABAG projections in both categories. It does not moderate the pace
of growth, but instead tries to limit the impacts of that growth or that was
the concept behind the development of Scenario 4. Here's a quick chart—
this is included in the Staff Report as well—showing the four scenarios as
they compare in their basic characteristics, which is population and housing,
nonresidential square footage, job growth, and then the ratio of jobs to
                                                                       Page 53 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
