                          TRANSCRIPT
landscaping. I thought your responses to them were good. I thought the
process worked well, that you had time to go out for questions, time to think
about it and research and come with an answer for them. They address
some of the issues that I would be concerned about. I think the process
worked well there. I do have one question left on the landscaping. It says
very clearly on Page 8 of the Staff Report that the Baylands Master Plan
notes that where specific guidelines are applicable to dedicated parkland, the
design principles and concepts should also be applied in the service and
commercial areas when designing or reviewing projects.           One of your
conclusions on the landscaping was on the southern border. You left what's
called a vegetation gap. The slides that you showed, Slide Number on Page
16, that one and the one in Attachment D. We spent four years in Byxbee
Park trying to turn it into parkland. Over the last month, for the first time in
four years, there's actually green, and the birds love it. People love it. Nice
trails. On the northern loop trail, it goes right by that picture, and you
probably spend 5-10 minutes walking, staring at the facility. That gap has a
dramatic impact on the hilltop view of Byxbee Park. I can't understand why
attention was paid to the entire perimeter of the treatment plant except for
this—what is it? A third of a mile gap. How could that be?

Mr. Bobel: The simple answer to your question, or the brief answer to your
question, is that since that entire southern border is part of the Measure E
site, when we did the landscaping project, we actually came to Council more
than two years ago. It was just completed last year. When we brought that
project forward, we surfaced this issue, and actually we had surfaced it even
earlier. The thought was that it wouldn't be a good expenditure of funds to
be spending money landscaping that side and then having to rip it out if it
was decided to go forward with a compost energy facility on the Measure E
site. It was a very conscious decision not to improve the landscaping on
that side.

Council Member Schmid: I guess my reading, though, of the 10 acres—it
was cut back to seven, eight acres. That is well to the left of this gap. As
you look down the hill, you can see the square that has been kept out of the
park. It's well outside of this gap. This gap has no relationship, not none
but very little relationship to the 10 acres. It seems as though if it's planting
trees, you're giving up a 10-year horizon to be consistent with the Baylands
Master Plan. Those two do not seem to be consistent.

Mr. Bobel:    I don't mean to argue, but actually if you look at that
photograph, the entire width of that photograph is the Measure E site. If the
gap you're talking about is where you see our concrete tanks, that is part of
the Measure E site. If we were to fill that in, we would be planting stuff on
the Measure E site.
                                                                          Page 47 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
