                          TRANSCRIPT
kind of carbon neutrality or even positive carbon impact does our canopy
have? That should be part of the mix; I'm not seeing that. Bicycle
infrastructure. As I look at it up here on the screen right now, the bicycle
infrastructure looks like it's a very small investment, and yet we've seen a
pretty significant reduction in vehicle trips especially when it comes to school
sites and some employment centers. This looks to be a small investment; if
that could be explained. Dewatering, I also have the concerns that have
been expressed by some of the speakers this week and prior weeks. I have
some significant concerns about that. I know we'll take that up again. One
of the things on here is this achieving zero waste. This is an area where,
Gil, you and I and others have had a conversation about this before. Again,
it's looking at this in a holistic manner.          Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design (LEED) actually falls way short, and I think our
analysis of this is also way short of what the cycle is. If you tear down an
existing building 10 years old or 100 years old, there's embodied energy in
that. If it's salvaged, that's one thing. If it's recycled, there's energy that
goes in recycling, there's energy that goes into transport both directions,
both as material to be recycled and as a new product maybe that's made
from recycled materials. There's also the impact of new materials that come
to the site either to rehab a building or to build a new building. Obviously
there are more materials that come to a site to build a new building. I don't
see that quantified anywhere. With the Construction and Demolition (C&D),
I'm going to keep harping on this, so you may as well get used to this.
We're now going on 13 years of a C&D Ordinance. Walt Hays is going to get
sick of me saying this too. We're going on now 13 years of a C&D
Ordinance, and we don't have any analysis of that. I don't even know if we
even count how much is going to recycling versus salvage.

Mr. Keene: Council Member Holman, might I interrupt you? We had Puck
do a shout-out for you on that in his talk a little bit yesterday. I don't know
if you picked that up.

Council Member Holman: I did. Just a little one. I'm trying to get it out
there and promote it. Yes, I appreciate that. Again, I'm talking about a
holistic approach. We can't just say we're building new buildings that are
zero energy use when we're transporting our impact someplace else. That's
not okay. I have questions also about the accessibility of some of these
programs across the economic strata of populations in our community, and
for that matter in other communities. Something we used to talk about and
we don't anymore when it comes to new buildings or rehabbing existing
buildings. We used to talk about making them adaptive and flexible. I
haven't heard anything about that in a long time. Stefan mentioned it
tonight. He even mentioned like hospitals. I just don't see that we're doing
anything in that regard these days and haven't for some time. I haven't
                                                                         Page 68 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
