                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Now, we return to the process part which is a question of how
we align upcoming Comp Plan and Citizen Advisory Committee meetings in
both the schedule and the topics. Not only how we look at what the
Council's doing on those topics, but also what the Council's taking up on
related matters and how it relates to what the CAC is doing. Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just had some quick comments. I have a
question about the schedule. I think we reviewed the Community Services
Element, and some of the feedback was wanted to see another draft before
the whole thing was done. That was an easier Element. I want to see the
schedule give some time to have a review of final edits. I'd like to the
assumptions on land use come to Council before they go to the CAC, which
is going to be tough unless we redo the schedule here. The issue of the CAC
on the housing discussion, I think one thing we might want to consider is
having Council Members go to a CAC meeting or trying to use the time that
way. I think housing is going to be a big enough issue that if we do have a
joint meeting, that we should still have a separate Council meeting to really
deliberate and discuss housing. I see we have a sustainability session in
August. Again, I think we've talked about sustainability kind of cutting
across the Elements. We're having a separate S/CAP discussion. I don't
know if we need a sustainability Comp Plan discussion or we should use that
for some of these other topics.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say that one of the thoughts I had is we were hearing
that the CAC wanted to have a discussion process with the Council. We had
our last meeting with the CAC, and it was great to really hear from each
member. I think it gave us a sense of the range of viewpoints and the
commonality of viewpoints amongst the members, but it really didn't allow
for a dialog of nine Council Members and 20 CAC members. I'm not sure
how that could occur. A though that I had is that on given topics, if we have
Study Sessions with the CAC, that the CAC appoint representatives on each
topic, whether it's five CAC members who represent the CAC, so that we
could actually have discussions with the CAC. Let them decide who would
represent them on given topics. I don't know if that's something that seems
like maybe worth trying. I'd be interested in hearing that. That's just a
process one. The other thing that I know the CAC has been going through,
struggling with committees and subcommittees. I do want to make sure
that it's clear to the CAC that as long as they are abiding by the Brown Act,
that there's no constraint on them being able to have individuals or small
groups meet on an ad hoc basis without requiring Staff or Staff support or
noticed meetings. The rules allow them to get together in small groups. For
some reason, CAC members are under a different impression as to the

                                                                       Page 80 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
