                         TRANSCRIPT
stuff. We're going to have to give that some thought. If you had any ideas,
we'd be open to them.

Council Member Holman: When you were seeing the conversions previous
to this Ordinance, applicants were coming forward with permits to convert to
other uses or tenant improvements. Not that this would happen, but do you
have any reason to think that conversions are happening but without
permits?

Ms. Gitelman: We're really not aware of any that have happened during the
life of this Ordinance.

Council Member Holman: That's great. I think my last question—I have a
good number of comments—at this point is—lost it. Updating the definitions
as needed. Does Staff have some thought about what definition updates are
needed?

Ms. Gitelman: I know that when the Council adopted the Interim Ordinance,
they made a change to the wording of the definition of retail services. At a
minimum, we would want to carry that change forward into the permanent
Ordinance. There may be other updates. As the Council's aware, the nature
of retail has changed to the point where you don't see a lot of travel
agencies anymore. There are a bunch of uses that we call out in specific
that maybe it doesn't make sense to call them out anymore. That might not
be a good example, but I think we just want to take a look at the definition
of retail services and any of the other definitions that are in force and make
sure that they make sense in light of 2016.

Council Member Holman: Actually, I did err. There's one other question.
You don't have to answer this now. When we get into the heart of this and
start making comments and our lower-level questions, if you will, I think
we're going to be interested in what level of change we can make in an
Ordinance going forward that's either not going to affect Staff's work
priorities as the Council has set or what it would affect depending on how
wide we go with updates to this Ordinance. You can think about that and
answer that later, if you would. Is that question clear enough?

Ms. Gitelman: I guess I'm just wondering whether you're talking about
making changes to the Interim Ordinance or whether you're talking about
this subject we're focusing on, which is the permanent Ordinance that we
would (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: The permanent Ordinance. If we make many
changes and what level of changes to the Interim Ordinance in the form of a

                                                                       Page 48 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
