                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Molly, would you like to briefly see if Mr. Fredrich can point out
a passage to you that is different from your understanding either publicly or
offline.

Ms. Stump: Just offline, would that be helpful?

Mayor Burt: Sure. While that's occurring, Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: This is actually really interesting. I find myself at
an unexpected position.       The preview of that is I'm leaning toward
supporting an emergency Ordinance with an amendment to have a fairly
short sunset for the purpose of giving us an opportunity to do the due
diligence, do the community outreach. Frankly I just think the community
hasn't been paying very close attention to this issue. I think most people,
including a couple of members of the Council, came into this meeting not
realizing that—even myself before reading the Staff Report—cultivation
might begin in publicly visible places pending the consultation between City
Staff and the public. That might begin immediately following passage of
Proposition 64, should it pass. The first issue that ever got me interested in
politics was the absurdity of the drug war.         I think the drug war is
fraudulent. I'm in favor of the passage of Proposition 64.

Mayor Burt: Wait. I want us to at this hour focus on the narrower issue
rather than the broad debate of the drug war.

Council Member Wolbach: I understand. I'm explaining where I'm coming
from. I think that does matter on this one. I do think that it is important
that we do have some public outreach. I think it is important that we buy
ourselves a little bit of time to figure out what the appropriate response is
should Proposition 64 pass. I am leaning towards supporting, again, an
emergency Ordinance but with a sunset to force us to really think about this.
We may in the end—I myself may be supportive of very loose regulations in
the end. I do think that the community would be caught off guard. I think
we owe it to the community to have the due diligence, the outreach and buy
ourselves a little bit of time to have that conversation. I'll hold off on
making a Motion for now, though.

Mayor Burt: Anyone one else want to wade in?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll wade in.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I actually agree with what Cory just said in terms of I'd
like us to have an Ordinance in place and then allow us to come back and
                                                                       Page 85 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
