                          TRANSCRIPT
typically a full-time project manager has a full load when they have five to
ten projects, depending on the size of the projects. Right now with two full-
time Staff dedicated to public art, we have six muni projects, five
conservation projects, three temporary public art projects and 38 private
development projects about half of which are actively using Staff time. We
are at that capacity issue. That's why this objective is especially dear to me,
just to make sure that we continue to professionalize the program and have
the capacity to meet the demand. One thing that I always like to say about
public art managers is that they're part project manager, part construction
manager and part curator of visual arts. It's a very unique skill set, and
we're really lucky to have Elise and Nadya here. We're just at that point
where we are starting to need some more assistance. With that, that's
really the conclusion of our presentation. Before we open it up to questions
and comments for the Council, I wanted to bring up our Chair, Jim Migdal,
and our Vice Chair, Ben Miyaji, who each have very brief comments on the
process.

Jim Migdal, Public Art Commission Chair: Hey everybody. I think a few
things I want to just say about the process that for me were really exciting.
One is that it provided a forum to hear from folks that would never come to
a meeting like this. Just kind of finding people in unusual spaces. You're
engaging someone at the Farmers Market who may not be thinking about
public art. All of a sudden (inaudible) and you get their opinion. It's not like
we could talk to 1,000 people, but 350 is a lot of people. The second thing
I'm excited about is the fact that the Staff has already got us going on some
of the ideas that are part of the Plan. I think the Plan, if you read it—I'm
sure you've read it—is broad. I kind of think of it as a menu of different
things that we're going to pursue over a number of years. Each year we'll
pick a couple of different things to do. I want to highlight just a few that I'm
excited about.      One of which is the Patrick Doherty piece.           It was
disassembled, and they kind of set things up. I think Loren was at the
disassembly. I wasn't able to make it. The idea of getting the community to
be involved in taking a piece down, that's a really unique opportunity. He's
going to come back and build the next one. I think that's a really cool way
to do community engagement. The second is this notion of embedding an
artist into another project. There's a product that I think has been long in
development with—is it the Arastradero Corridor? We've been meeting, and
it's going to come to the Commission to vote on soon to kind of identify
artists that can help. There's not a lot of money, but there's interesting
ways in which you can take allocated funds and bring beauty and taste to
something that could just be boring medians. The last thing is a nuts and
bolts thing, but the deaccessioning/accessioning thing, I think, is important
to be able to have something that's a streamlined process. It's something
that gets done in an orderly way. I'm super excited. I think these guys
                                                                          Page 67 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
