                          TRANSCRIPT
Members Berman, Wolbach and Scharff absent. The Council will now go into
Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Berman, Scharff, Wolbach absent

Council went into Closed Session at 5:05 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:18 P.M.

Mayor Burt: At this time, the Council has returned from a Closed Session
Item. We have no reportable action.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next matter is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. I
believe we have none.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next matter is City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager:        Thank you, Mr. Mayor and members of
Council. A couple of items to report on the topic of single story overlays. I
did want to share that Amy French, the City's Chief Planning Official will join
the Fairmeadow Neighborhood Association at their meeting tomorrow night,
June 21st, to discuss the latest developments on the single story overlay
and design guidelines review that we are doing in Palo Alto. The meeting
will start at 6:30 P.M. in the Midtown Room of the Mitchell Park Library.
Ms. French will summarize the current process for single story overlays as
well as the outcome and status of recent and pending applications. She'll
also be able to answer some questions regarding the Individual Review
process for two-story homes and describe the City Council's direction
regarding the need for some kind of Eichler-specific guidelines or zoning
provisions. Folks interested in that subject, tomorrow night, 6:30 P.M. in
the Midtown Room in Mitchell Park Library. Secondly in the realm of
Residential Permit Parking programs and challenges. Based on the Council's
direction to proceed with the next Residential Preferential Parking Program
(RPP) districts in Evergreen Park and Southgate, our Staff has been putting
together a game plan for community outreach and program development.
With the budget approval last week for the next Fiscal Year '17 budget, we
do have the resources we need to be able to support those two applications

                                                                         Page 2 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
