                          TRANSCRIPT
due on July 2020. Currently Palo Alto has no groundwater budget and no
meaningful limits to the amount of groundwater extracted. Just as it is not
wise to spend money before we earn it, we believe there shouldn't be a
blank check on the amount of groundwater extracted before we know our
groundwater budget. We hope the whole community, by this I mean
residents, applicants, builders, policymakers and anyone with an interest in
this community resource, will join us at the Policy and Services Committee
this coming Wednesday, December 14th, at 6:00 p.m. to discuss this issue
that with climate change is more important than ever. Together we hope we
can come up with thoughtful solutions that protect our groundwater and, at
the same time, not unduly impact other interests. I want to repeat that this
meeting is this coming Wednesday, December 14th, as there has been some
confusion about the date. I also want to thank the Council Members for
their service during this past year. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I just have one question, if I could, about 5 and 6.
No discussion but a question.

Mayor Burt: Okay.

Council Member Holman: When will those garages come to the Council for
high-level input regarding uses and comment maybe on high-level design?

James Keene, City Manager: The process when we're doing construction
projects, whether it's a garage or a building, we also come to Council
repeatedly and fairly early on. I know that if we get the contracts awarded,
we would be back by March at least with initial sessions with the Council on
some of the design directives. The fact is we can't really get into the
effective directions as the owner on these projects, on the design, without
early Council involvement.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene, did you have any other follow-ups on …

Mr. Keene: Just a couple of things, just to be sure everybody's straight on
the record at least. To say the Lot D garage or a Downtown garage has
been part of a three year conversation and discussion we've had with the
Council, clearly it's part of a three-legged stool. It's not a one-legged stool,
parking. We've had numerous conversations and sessions about it. I
apologize if there's some sense that this is just coming to the Council, but
that's not the case. Secondly, we just did want to share we also do have
underway amongst many of the different issues a parking study, looking at
                                                                          Page 30 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
