                          TRANSCRIPT
them, and they are good and meaningful. I would just, as an example, point
to the clash between the California Air Resources Board and the Los Angeles
Public Works Department over the last couple of years. It's about the issue
of not biogas but conversion technologies, which go well beyond the
definitions of what biogas are now. There has been, I guess, pointing to a
rash of new technologies that deal with municipal waste in a very, very
different and more effective way. One of the outcomes of that dialog
between Los Angeles and the Air Resource Board is the—there was a
conference a couple of months ago at Berkeley Law School Center for Law,
Energy and the Environment. They came out with a paper on the results of
that, called "Wasting Opportunities: How to Secure Environmental and
Clean Energy Benefits from Municipal Solid Waste." I think that's an
example of somewhere in there, there will be new technologies emerging, I
think, fairly soon that could have a big impact on the choices and options we
take. Rather than just rely on the current wording coming out of the Air
Resources Board, to anticipate some of the changes on what offsets might
be and how effective they are, that are likely to be coming over the next
couple of years.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I support the Motion. I think there's a lot of good
things here. I appreciate Staff's clarified recommendation. My colleagues
have said it; I agree with what they've said. This is just the first step; we're
not stopping here. That's important to emphasize. I do think the sentiment
was that we prefer local offsets. In "B iii" here, we talk about local offset
projects, but I'd like to offer an amendment, that we modify "B iii" to say
that we prefer local offset projects and return to Council to determine … At
the very beginning of that sentence, just make it clear that the preference is
local offset projects if they exist.

Council Member Wolbach: I would actually agree with that. If you guys
identify them, definitely move forward with them right away. You only need
to come back to us if you need to charge more money or if you need to
spend more rather.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What's the language?

Council Member DuBois: Keep everything there and, at the very beginning
of that sentence, say "prefer local offset projects and return to Council to
determine" blah, blah, blah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's good with me.


                                                                          Page 46 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
