                         TRANSCRIPT
over the 15 years, and they thought we should make companion changes in
the Zoning Ordinance so our regulations and our policies match. The
regulatory changes they talked about was potentially changing some office
floor area, development potential, to residential. There was no decision on
how much or where or exactly how that would follow in the zoning changes
to implement the Plan.

Council Member Holman: Did it not come up then as a discussion point as to
why that was important to understand? We have comments all through here
about raising the height limit to accommodate housing. If we don't know
how much housing we could get in our existing floor area ratios, doesn't that
significantly affect considerations for increasing the height limits?

Ms. Gitelman: That's a good question. Before we adopted any zoning
changes, we would have to do that kind of analysis. I think at this kind of
policy and program level, just at the General Plan level, the committee was
operating on what are our intentions. What would we like to see as City
policy going forward, knowing that that policy would have to be ultimately
implemented through specific zoning changes that would take some analysis
and some thought.

Ms. Costello: Just to add to that. I think it was discussed at that broad
policy level. It wasn't really even ironed down to—there were these general
directives about the kinds of locations where this would be good to do, close
to services, close to transit. Downtown was often mentioned. It's kind of is
this a good idea. It's really an option, is this a good idea. One of the big,
overriding things was trying to make it easier for housing and not easy for
office. The committee never came to a consensus about where that housing
should go or how much it should be. Those are where the options come in.

Council Member Holman: I guess a clarifying question for Director Gitelman
is, if we have in the Comprehensive—let's just pretend that the Council says,
"Let's go to"—I'll be ridiculous here—"80 feet."          If that's in the
Comprehensive Plan, shouldn't there be some basis for understanding what
goal that would accomplish and doesn't one need as some background how
we could accomplish it otherwise? Accomplish the goal otherwise.

Ms. Gitelman: This is why we all like planning so much. There's always that
chicken and egg kind of thing. Our thought was that it would be useful to
have some direction from the Council at a policy level on some of these
options and understand your preferences. Once we have that direction, we
could provide you with the analysis that you might require to refine and
hone in on specifics. To burn a lot of rubber before we knew the Council's
appetite for this kind of thing, we thought that might be misplaced effort.

                                                                      Page 62 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/28/16
