                           TRANSCRIPT
They're able to park for up to two hours during the noon-time frame in the
June data collection.

Council Member Schmid: Those would all disappear twp hours later. Do the
permits expire at 5:00 P.M.?

Ms. Atkinson: I'm sorry?

Council Member Schmid: Do the permits expire at 5:00 P.M.?

Ms. Atkinson: There's no enforcement after 5:00 P.M.

Council Member Schmid: You can park at 3:00 P.M. and stay as long as you
want.

Ms. Atkinson: Correct.

Mayor Burt:      Just a clarification there. Would this capture not only
employees Downtown who are parking the two hours but any guests of
residents as well as residents who parked a car but didn't have a residential
permit for that car?

Ms. Atkinson: That data collection is any car that's parked without a permit.
There's no way to tell who owns the vehicle or who it is that's parking.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. We will now move on to members of the public. We
have—our first is Irene Au for 10 minutes speaking on behalf of seven
members of the public, Christian Pease, Chi-kwan Au, Bradley Horowitz,
Marilyn Mayo, Wolfgang Dueregger and Patrick Slattery. Welcome.

Irene Au, speaking for seven people (Christian Pease, Chi-kwan Au, Bradley
Horowitz, Marilyn Mayo, Wolfgang Dueregger, Patrick Slattery): Hi, good
evening. I live in Evergreen Park as do my neighbors that are here.
Because we saw that the documents regarding Evergreen Park's RPP were
included in the agenda, we thought we could come here and express our
support for Downtown's efforts to implement and improve their RPP. We
feel a similar pain in our neighborhood, and we thought this would be an
opportunity for us to share our perspectives and observations on how things
are going. When we met with Sue-Ellen Atkinson, we first learned that for
Downtown's program the baseline for determining the number of spaces
available for employees was based on demand by counting how many
employees would want to park there. We strongly disagree with this
approach for Evergreen Park. The demand will only increase, and it's
limitless. In Evergreen Park, we have gotten killed on the parking issue
because of an increase in ridership on Caltrain, parking issues at Stanford,

                                                                      Page 85 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
