                           TRANSCRIPT
comments that you want to make, you will have that opportunity to amend
the broader framework itself.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You'll bring it back?

Mr. Keene: That's right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd move the Staff recommendation, that we discuss
and adopt the attached Sustainability and Climate Action Plan framework
including its guiding principles, decision criteria, etc., etc., and direct Staff to
return to Council with the S/CAP implementation plans possibly in phases
and to make best efforts to incorporate the stylistic comments. Is that it or
just comments?

Mr. Keene: Just the comments that the Council makes.

Mr. Friend: There were some substantive comments too. We'll reflect them
all as best as we can.

Vice Mayor Scharff: All right. Comments.

Mayor Burt: I will second that. Did you want to speak more to your Motion?

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to:

A.    Adopt the Sustainability/Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) Framework,
      including its Guiding Principles, Decision Criteria and Design Principles
      as the road map for development of subsequent S/CAP
      Implementation Plans (SIPs); and

B.    Direct Staff to return to Council with S/CAP Implementation Plans; and

C.    Direct Staff to make its best effort to incorporate Council Member
      comments.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I did want to again reiterate that I thought
you did a good job on this. I actually appreciated all the efforts of the
community. I can tell this was a community effort in terms of getting you
feedback. I know you worked well and did a lot of outreach on this. I
wanted to recognize that. Thanks a lot, Gil.

Mr. Friend: Thank you. I was remiss before. I'd like to also acknowledge
the enormous amount of Staff work that's gone in on this. We have several
people here, Phil Bobel and Karla Daily and Shiva Swaminathan, part of
probably about 20 or 30 people who have been working on the
implementations plans and development of this. This is necessarily a cross-
                                                                            Page 42 of 114
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 11/28/16
