                          TRANSCRIPT
streets submitted a completed petition including signatures from at least 50
percent of the residents on those streets expressing a desire to be annexed
into the existing Downtown RPP District. If approved, those streets would be
added to the Downtown RPP District right away. The other update to the
Downtown boundary is the recommendation for eligibility areas to the east
and to the south of the existing boundary that again would be preapproved
for future addition. They would not necessarily be added right away, but
that would be dependent on the residents on those streets determining that
they've been impacted by parking and submitting a petition to be added to
the Downtown RPP District. They would be added administratively and not
through an annexation process. The other update in the Downtown RPP
Resolution is as discussed in the December 14th meeting with you, an
overall limit of 2,000 annual employee permits. That would be 2,000 active
permits, and those would be the annual permits not a shorter-term permit.
The third update that's contained in the resolution is the establishment of
the employee parking zones. In December we were calling them micro
zones. We've kind of settled into employee parking zones as the designation
for that. We'll talk more about that later in the presentation. We've also
brought the RPP Administrative Guidelines for your review and adoption.
These Administrative Guidelines are kind of a guiding document that serves
alongside the Citywide ordinance. It's meant to be applicable to all RPP
Districts and essentially takes the ordinance and provides further clarification
including the structure of an RPP Program, eligibility for residents, details
about certain types of permits, how to handle visitors in RPP Districts. It
handles allocation of permits in zones where that's applicable and includes a
policy for replacement of permits. Once these Administrative Guidelines are
approved, any further edits would be approved administratively by the
Planning and Community Environment Director. Before we go more in-depth
on the Phase 2 updates, just a look back at the objectives of our overarching
goals for Phase 2 of this pilot program. The first is to disperse employee
vehicles more throughout the Downtown RPP District. Right now employee
vehicles are clustered near the Downtown core, so we're looking to be able
to disperse those more evenly. Second was to determine whether and how
to limit employee permit sales within the Downtown District. The third
objective was to anticipate spillover to new areas after streets have been
annexed to the district. The fourth was to provide an option for areas to
petition and opt into the Downtown RPP Program when necessary. Just as a
reminder, it's a trial program, and the aspects of the program can be
adjusted as needed when moving forward.              Looking at the Phase 2
boundary, this information is included in the Downtown RPP Resolution. A
little difficult to see on this screen; it's more easily seen in the PDF. The
yellow streets that are shown to the south and to the east of the existing
boundary are the streets that have submitted petitions by the November
deadline requesting to be annexed into the existing Downtown RPP Program.
                                                                         Page 79 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
