                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Sorry. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: For two minutes, I'm taking first the people who
identified Item Number One to speak to. Eric Gordon is first, to be followed
by Eileen Skrabutenas. Welcome.

Eric Gordon: Good afternoon. I'm not a politician. I didn't know what to
put down there. There wasn't anything up front to guide me. I'm 70 years
old; I've lived in Palo Alto for 24 years, the same house on Channing
Avenue. I don't care what happens when I'm 80 and the 2,000 permits go
down to 10 percent. I don't care about that. I care about my grandchildren
and my children parking in front of my house. I was under the misguided
impression that when I voted for you and your predecessors that they would
be respective of my wishes, but I find out I have to defend myself against
this body who wants to ruin my neighborhood, the way your predecessors
ruined the town. I think the timing of this meeting is beneath contempt to
exclude so many of the people who live in the neighborhood that this affects.
You think about that. That's all I have to say. I'm sure nobody else will say
anything remotely related.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. If we could not demonstrate after the
speakers, either approval or disapproval, but to respect what they have to
say. Second speaker is Eileen Skrabutenas, to be followed by Roman
Kagarlitsky.

Eileen Skrabutenas: Hello. Eileen Skrabutenas, I live on Hamilton Avenue.
I am just outside the new eligibility areas that are included in this ordinance.
Could I ask someone to put the map with the new eligibility areas on the
screen? That's the map. I'm here to urge Council to direct transportation
and Ms. Atkinson to reexamine the boundary for the eligibility area that I
believe is ten, specifically due to some concerns about the methodology and
the assumptions that were used to add these two new areas. It excludes
Hamilton between 1000 and 1100, and it also excludes 500 Chaucer. I was
told that the reason for this had to do with the walkability distance between
these new areas and Downtown. If you look on the sheet of paper that I
have provided to you which I compiled yesterday by getting on my bike and
riding around the outer boundaries of these new proposed eligibility areas
noting resident addresses, and then going back to Google maps and
mapping the distance between the streets that are included in these new
eligibility areas, and specifically four addresses on the Chaucer block and on
the Hamilton block that were excluded from being included. If walkability
distance is a major factor, you will see that you've included streets that are
actually further away than Hamilton and Chaucer, specifically the 500 block


                                                                          Page 10 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
