                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rob Levitsky, to be followed
by Mark Weiss.

Rob Levitsky: Hello, Council. My name is Rob Levitsky. I have owned the
house next to Castilleja, 1215 Emerson, for the last 25 years. Mostly issue
free, but this project they've come up with lately is just kind of crazy. I'll
give you a little heads up on it. This is the field. This is Embarcadero.
Nelson and Kimberly who spoke live here. I have the house here. The two
houses they were proposing to tear down would be these here. Now, what
we have now is a beautiful street. This is the 1200 block of Emerson,
(inaudible), 120-foot redwood, oaks, and then these are the two houses that
they're proposing to knock down, R-1 zoned houses.                 What they're
proposing to put in its place is this. This is the entrance to the John Arrillaga
underground parking at Wilbur Field at Stanford. This is what it would look
like, an industrial cement, all the trees, all the houses gone. We don't want
that. We don't want that at all. The proposal itself came to Amy French. I
looked at it right away, and there were some serious problems with it. One
is they'd done an arborist analysis. There's 168 trees that the arborist says
would be impacted including many large oaks, redwoods, etc. They also in
their proposal have this map, which you can't see that well, showing the 130
supposedly parking spaces that would be underneath. The trouble is they
said there's 130 spaces, and they have this arborist report. They never
bother to line the two up. If you do this, you can see that where these
houses are, it's surrounded by oaks and redwoods, oaks. They would
probably lose half of the spots they're proposing. I've already spoken to
Dave Dockter, and he's not going to let them knock these houses down.
Whatever they could build would be less because of the oaks and redwoods
that are nearby. The sad thing is they sent a proposal to you that was just
clearly ridiculous. They hadn't even vetted it amongst themselves, between
the arborist and the guy designing the underground parking. We'll be in
touch. We have a very strong set of people. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mark Weiss to be followed by Adrian Fine.

Mark Weiss: Good evening, Council Members and Staff. I wanted to
congratulate and give kudos to Staff for the inspired choice of bringing world
famous musicians Tuck and Patti to our ongoing Twilight series this
Saturday, August 20th, at Rinconada Park as Mr. Keene had mentioned
earlier. I wanted to reiterate this. Patti Cathcart and Tuck Andress travel
the world and have won many awards. They're world famous. They got
their start, in case you didn't know, in Palo Alto. In fact, they used to play
quite regularly at the New Varsity, in the courtyard, on the main stage
sometimes, and sometimes upstairs. I remember as a high school kid
wandering past and not realizing I was watching world class music-to-be.
                                                                          Page 10 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
