                         TRANSCRIPT
After hearing from the public, we have discussion and a motion. I see no
lights. Now I do. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Can I ask a quick one?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Filseth: On the no watering of landscape between the hours
of 10:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M., does that mean I can't go water my rose
bushes at 5:30 P.M. in the afternoon? Part of the earth is dark is 6:00 P.M.

Ms. Dailey: That's correct; that's what that means.

Council Member Filseth: That's what I thought.

Ms. Dailey: That was the restriction that was in place—that's in place right
now actually and was in place all last summer.

Council Member Filseth: I better not confess to being a miscreant.

Mayor Burt: I hope you're not watering them in the winter, though. That's
when it's dark at that time. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: A couple of questions on the Water Management
Plan. On Page 299, we have the groundwater discussion. You mentioned
that the Santa Clara Valley Water District is legally in charge of groundwater
and that our policy is based on the 2012 Groundwater Management Plan.
My understanding over the last couple of years is we have seen a couple of
plans from the south San Mateo area, which includes the alluvial plain of the
San Francisquito Creek, which is the main issue area in Palo Alto. They have
come to very striking differences on the relationship between the shallow
aquifer and the groundwater basin. I note on Page 302 it says a better
understanding of the hydrology in north Santa Clara County is imperative.
That would seem to be that we should start with the recent studies that
have been engaged and, if we are doing a further follow-up study, take into
account the learnings from them. They're not mentioned in here. Should
we mention that there are, since 2012, several important hydrology studies
of the San Francisquito Creek alluvial fan?

Ms. Dailey: We can certainly mention that. BAWSCA was involved in a
study that was really looking at the potential for doing brackish
desalinization in San Mateo County; that was one study. San Mateo County
is actually embarking on a gathering of data and has issued an Request for
Proposal (RFP) to do some work to further understand the San Mateo basin.


                                                                       Page 37 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
