                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Let me go the other way around first, talk about
Loma Verde. Loma Verde is one of the critical east-west streets in south
Palo Alto. You can go from Amarillo to Charleston, two miles. There's only
thru-streets that go east-west. One is Colorado, one is Loma Verde, one is
East Meadow. Colorado, as you point out, is a smaller street. It actually
bends in the middle. It means the east-west car traffic is oriented there.
It's important because West Bayshore has a lot of commercial operations. It
has some dense housing. It has three schools on it. There is a lot of traffic
during rush hour and other times. The bike lane is a solution of let's get
bicyclists comfortable on this road. The 63 driveways means probably
people backing out in the early morning hours which, during winter time, are
dark and kids are going to school. It's a challenge. We ought to keep that
in mind. Taking out a parking lane on Loma Verde. It works, but you use a
funny method of measuring parking. It's the average over different periods
of the day.     We have dense housing built on Loma Verde and West
Bayshore. If you ever go by there in the evening, there's a good 40-45 cars
parked there, because people have to get from this dense housing to
employment or shopping neighborhoods, which aren't there. When you
average out, you say taking away a parking lane only leads to an 11 percent
decline in parking. Of course, if you go by there in the evening, it's a 37
percent decline in parking availability. Maddux being the only alternative
street can absorb four but not 14. You're asking people to go into the
neighborhood, because we tend to underpark our dense housing. What's the
alternative? Matadero. Matadero Creek got a funding grant from the Santa
Clara Valley Water District of $1.5 million. It was given because the Water
District owns the right-of-way, and they were encouraging cities who have
those creeks in the right-of-way to turn it into bike and pedestrian paths. If
you look down the Peninsula, Mountain View, Sunnyvale, Cupertino, San
Jose, they all have wonderful pedestrian and bike paths. They do not
complain, you'll note, about privacy and security. Actually the value of the
properties tend to go up. You probably also noticed the Mountain View
Baylands have many more residents out there than the Palo Alto Baylands
do. Part of it is because of the Permanente Bike and Pedestrian Path from
the middle of the city to the Baylands. I like very much that you took the
issue of privacy and security very seriously and did your homework, looking
around, and found that there was not security issues. That's something, I
think, we have to keep a very sharp eye on. I think our neighboring cities
would assure you that they have not noticed that, and they are encouraging
the Water District to give more grants in their communities. I was struck in
the Planning Commission, how the Planning Commissioners were skeptical at
first. Once they began talking about the benefits of having an off-road path

                                                                       Page 47 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
