                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Perez:     Those are excellent points.     We've actually had those
discussions. We pushed back when Public Works—is the timing ready for
these positions to be added? Are you at the point where you're actually
going to need these positions full-time? The answer was yes. To your
second point, the way that Mike Sartor, the Public Works Director, has
recommended to the City Manager—you'll see something coming up soon
here in your Agenda—is to hire project managers and not to add Staff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You think he might outsource this and do it that way?

Mr. Perez: Yes. There's going to be a request to do it multiyear. You're
absolutely right we have a lot of dollars and a lot of projects. My concern is
that we've got to get this Public Safety Building going so we can finance it at
the low rates that we have right now. We are pushing for many reasons.
You'll see something coming up soon with a proposal for that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think there's a lot of that. With the low rates, we
actually should try and get as much of this stuff going as possible.

Mr. Perez: Just to remind the Council, once you borrow, you have three
years to build. That's why we can't start until we know that we have a time
window.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That makes sense. We've obviously got to get the
planning and stuff done so we can get it done. The other thing I wanted to
highlight that's important to me is the golf course. We're losing money. I
don't remember—how much are we losing a year on the golf course right
now?

Mr. Perez: They're going to come and update you, and it's in the 800,000
range a year that we're probably going to be losing. It looks like we're
making progress towards the permit.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We don't actually have all the permits yet. I thought
we did.

Mr. Perez: We have the Fish and Wildlife permit. I haven't had a chance to
talk to Staff last week, so I don't know exactly where we're at with the
other. My understanding was that we were given some verbal assurances
that once we have the Fish and Wildlife, then our chances were going to be
better to actually get the next permit. We're updating right now, as we
speak, the business model. I've been speaking to the consultant with those
discussions with Community Services. The Staff has asked the golf architect
to update the projected cost for the project. We're going to come in June—
Community Services is—to give you an update and full details on all of that.
                                                                         Page 50 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
