                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: You want to speak to the second. You don't have a light.

Council Member Holman: I do support the green color. My question for
Staff, though, is—I asked a number of questions. I didn't make comments.
I support the green color and primarily actually consistent with comments of
City Manager. I'm not crazy about either the look or the function of the
pylon signs. That could affect certainly the cost. I did go out and see one
that was a mockup in a parking lot, and I was not favorably impressed at all
by its presence, its scale, its functioning. I don't know how you would
actually get a bid if we—I don't know if the Council Members want to
eliminate the pylon signs. If you could get a bid that included and didn't
include the pylon signs, my suggestion would be to use flags or banners
more at the front of a lot as opposed to using the pylons. I don't know how
you would proceed with this given that comment. If you could.

Ms. Sullivan: I think we could certainly respond and be flexible in the types
of signage. The pylon serves a function as sort of a pedestrian-scale marker
in the lots. It's something our consultants recommend. This is all they do
day in and day out, so that's sort of where it came from. If the Council
doesn't like it, we can certainly eliminate it.

Council Member Holman: I happened to bump into a member of the public
at the same time looking at that, and they didn't like it either, just
anecdotally for whatever it's worth. Of course, how many we're doing, we
don't really know. At least from this Council Member's perspective the map
isn't a clear indication of how many we're doing, what, where, how many.

Ms. Sullivan: The pylons, there's one at each surface lot.

Council Member Holman: Not just pylons but ...

Ms. Sullivan: The whole totality.

Council Member Holman: The whole program, yeah. Again, that would
affect an estimate. I don't know how you proceed, unless you came back
with options or came back with some kind of clearer map in the meantime.

Ms. Sullivan: We could certainly come back with a sort of clearer inventory
or sort of menu of the options and where they would be. I think we do need
direction on the colors and if there are specific directions around signs that
you don't like or don't want to see. We certainly need that to move forward.

Council Member Holman: I'm in favor of the green. I support Council
Member Kniss in that for sure. If the designer could come back with some
options and alternatives that either did or didn't include the pylons.
                                                                        Page 71 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
