                          TRANSCRIPT
long time, and there's never been a greater need in recent years to reaffirm.
The opportunities are several. We've heard people recently talking about
some specific things like women's rights, transgender rights, immigrant
rights, etc. I think each of those we will need to take up in greater detail.
We chose not to go into great policy detail in this case, because we wanted
to bring it forward quickly. We wanted to send a message quickly. This
definitely does open the door to further communication. If the City Manager
has anything he'd like to weigh in on as far as how Staff might view this
resolution and if it provides any support for Staff to take any actions or to
maintain current policies.

Mr. Keene: May I say two things? I'll respond to that real quickly. Before
that, just clarification for the public. The Council's Colleagues' Memo
process limits four Council Members to be able to sign onto a Colleagues'
Memo. It's designed to be a minority of the Council and is taken up by the
whole Council. If we didn't have that limitation, there would have been
other folks who would have signed onto the Colleagues' Memo itself.

Council Member Wolbach: Very true.

Mr. Keene: Just real quickly in response to Council Member Wolbach's
comments. Probably the way everybody who's here tonight—it's pretty
much given what the values and the practices and the approaches are in
Palo Alto, but it's extremely important for the Council to make it explicit, as
you are in doing this tonight. It's very important for us to be able to point to
the fact that we've had this initiative and directive from the Council, both in
my role, with our Staff and City Attorney, in our organization. It's just very
helpful in our community. Again, at this point in time (inaudible) mean to be
as explicit as possible. This is a first step here. Much appreciated.

Mayor Burt: Maybe it'll help this conversation around what's next. To offer
an amendment which is in addition to adopting this resolution tonight, to
refer to the Human Relations Commission the subject matter of the Memo
for recommendations on implementation measures and additional elements
that should be considered by the Council for future adoption.

Council Member Holman: I'll accept that.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll accept that as well.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “refer the subject matter of
this Memorandum to the Human Relations Commission, for recommendation
of implementation measures and additional elements that should be
considered by the Council in the future.” (New Part B)
                                                                         Page 104 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
