                          TRANSCRIPT
bit of heartburn wondering what was happening with the TMA, so I really
appreciate the steps that have been taken in the last few months to really
move this forward. I kind of feel similarly to what we're seeing with
Stanford, the previous presentation. I think the last few months have
garnered some real forward progress. I think that's important. There's still
a lot to be determined in the future, but I think we're starting to get on the
right track. I think a few things I want to bring up to see if there's any
thoughts here for now. Curious to hear from City Staff about progress in
regional or sub-regional, especially for City Manager as well as
Transportation Director. What's the latest with mobility as a service? We
were talking about that in the past, had folks come in from Europe, and
want to hear also how that can work with the TMA, particularly tying TMA to
the City shuttles.

Mr. Mello: I can kick that off, and then I'll turn it over to the representatives
from the TMA to talk more specifically about their efforts. We've been
working jointly with the Office of Sustainability to develop a Request for
Proposal (RFP) for a—we're calling it a commuter wallet mobility as a
service. This would be an application that potentially could be piloted with
City employees or the TMA. It would be exactly as you describe, a mobility
as a service. We would link all of our parking, transit, bike commuting, any
alternative modes into one central interface and potentially tie in incentives
and other things to help mode shift. We've prepared a draft RFP. We're
currently looking for funding, and we're talking with a couple of potential
partners that may be able to provide this service to us pro bono. We've also
discussed this project with quite a few vendors. There's a lot of newly
formed companies and partnerships that are trying to move this forward.
Los Angeles just introduced a pretty significant application that does a lot of
the things that we want to do but not quite all. That's kind of what we
found. There's a lot of vendors that can give us some of what we're looking
for but not all of it. We want to integrate parking, all service transportation,
incentives, and then also help spur mode shift. That's kind of where we are.
We are continuing to advance that, and we'll probably be coming forward
with something shortly. I can turn it over to the TMA to talk a little bit.

Council Member Wolbach: I do have a couple of other questions after that.

Wendy Silvani, Silvani Transportation Consultants: I don't have much to
add to that except that Josh is absolutely right. The technology isn't quite
there yet with any of the vendors to be as comprehensive and to really have
mobility as a service. It's getting there. One of the things that we're going
to hope to do with our initial programs is be tracking the data so that we can
start to feed it into whatever product or service comes at the end of the day.
Whatever we start to work with, we're going to make sure that we can
                                                                          Page 39 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
