                         TRANSCRIPT
I think this was an inartful attempt to draw that distinction. I think we need
to revise that language. Thank you for catching it.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Does anybody else have any questions before turning to the
public? I see none. We do have a lot of speaker cards. Fortunately, the
first speaker is speaking on behalf of six speakers. Chris Martha speaking
on behalf of himself, Jeralyn Moran, Karen Neuman, Joyce Martha, Julan Chu
and Sandra Slater. You'll have up to 10 minutes to speak. Thank you.

Chris Martha speaking for Jeralyn Moran, Karen Neuman, Joyce Martha,
Julan Chu, and Sandra Slater: Thank you, Mayor Burt, and thank you to all
the Council Members for your service to our City and for the opportunity to
address you this evening regarding the S/CAP. My name is Chris Martha,
and I've lived on Parkinson Avenue in the Community Center neighborhood
of Palo Alto for the last 17 years. I was lucky enough to be a block leader
for the Cool Block pilot program over the last six months. Back in 2012, the
City Council wrote a letter of intent to support the Cool City Challenge. The
program was designed for citizens to get to know our neighbors better,
conserve resources and reduce our carbon footprint for the sake of our
children and that of the planet, and to get better prepared for emergencies.
We've just completed the pilot of this exciting program, and we'd like to
share some of the results. In the pilot, there were ten blocks in Palo Alto
representing 80 households. Collectively, we reduced our carbon footprint
by more than 500,000 pounds, and we took over 1,000 actions, and every
member of each team now feels much more connected to their neighbors.
Our blocks have built tremendous social capital and are now linked to each
other in meaningful ways, knowing that we can lean on each other for
everything from helping each other in emergencies to building community
gardens to coordinating efforts around purchasing or childcare to sharing
resources such as tools and even sharing our knowledge and skillsets.
These blocks now feel stronger, more connected, more engaged and are
continuing with creating wonderful new programs from their own ideas. A
positive grassroots movements has been born. We want to thank the City
Council and City Manager Keene for your leadership and vision for bringing
these types of programs to Palo Alto. While we don't know the specifics of
the S/CAP that you're discussing tonight, as that will be determined over
time as programs and technology emerge, we do know that we can make a
difference as a household, as a block, as a neighborhood. We as citizens
have growing awareness of our responsibility for our decisions regarding use
of resources and the effects of our consumption to our future. The Cool
Block program has been an amazing success, but we can't do this alone. We
need the City's continued leadership to take bold action to help Palo Alto
                                                                       Page 24 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
