                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm just going through the four and saying I think
that is there. You could argue that we haven't captured that fully. I guess
the question is whether—I just want to make sure that we're looking at both
of these, and we think that this language does capture those four
components. I'm not sure.

Mayor Burt: If you can find something that's missing, I'm open to it. The
general intention was to capture those four points. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: We had talked a little bit about timing.            Do we
want to put a sentence in on suggested timing?

Mayor Burt: Good point. If we work backward, once this committee has its
product, I think they're going to need the better part of a year to really have
it move forward to Council support and then a prospective ballot measure.

Council Member Berman: Once they pass it on?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Council Member Kniss: Again, if I might. We did talk at some point—Karen,
you remember—about November of next year as well as November of the
year after.

Council Member Berman: I don't think it's going to happen.

Mayor Burt: I don't think that's feasible.

Council Member Kniss:      It may not.       We did talk about that.       Just a
reminder.

Mayor Burt: I didn't think it was feasible at the time. It doesn't look any
more feasible to me now. Do we want to have their work be completed by
the end of next calendar year or do we want it sooner?

Council Member Kniss: Do you mean by December of next year or do you
mean by the end of June?

Mayor Burt: Calendar year is December.

Council Member Kniss: At the end of December then.

Council Member Berman: I'm going off the top of my head ...

Mayor Burt: I'm open to changes, but calendar year means calendar year.


                                                                       Page 112 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
