                          TRANSCRIPT
not coming. Each time we held our breath, crossed our fingers and hoped
that we would soon be able to take out our walking shoes, bicycles, canes
and even walkers and head on over to Edgewood Plaza to pick up some
lunch, some dinner, some groceries. It was not meant to be. The deal
crafted by Sand Hill Properties to protect itself in the case of prolonged
vacancy was clearly well thought out, so well thought out actually that it has
fooled me and perhaps many others. Through their corporate manipulation,
exploitation and deceit of our neighborhood, Sand Hill continues to collect
rent from Fresh Market while the space remains empty. As if this weren't
enough, Sand Hill Properties has been able to reap the benefits that we, the
neighbors, afforded by allowing ten expensive homes to be built and sold.
Please help us. The incremental fine of $2,000 that you are proposing is
inadequate to encourage Sand Hill Properties to incentivize a new tenant.
Please make Sand Hill think about a shiny, new deli counter, the smell of
fresh-cut roses and the essentials of a healthy Palo Alto diet every time they
write a check for 5,000 a day. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lenore Cymes, to be followed
by Bob Smith.

Lenore Cymes: I'd love a few more seconds, if I could, to just ask all the
neighbors that showed up to stand up for a minute. That takes care of the
audience. In the packet, there are 76 letters written from people. Some are
here, and some are not here. I'm not going to review all the other things
that everybody else has reviewed. I want to deal with the frustration of
$1,000 a day. Now, there's a possibility of going to $2,000. Given the fact
that they're still getting rent from Fresh Market, why are they going to get
more creative and more positive than they did at $1,000? I can't believe
that's going to make a difference to them. I think $5,000 would really make
a big difference in this neighborhood. If that's the case to some degree,
they've got parking that we don't have any more. They've got ten expensive
houses that have been sold. The houses are not going to go away. Why
don't they give us some of the profits back so that we could look for
somebody? They can look for somebody and make them a good offer to
move in and a big incentive. The developer at College Terrace wanted a
grocery store so badly because of the neighborhood that they were willing to
go out and get somebody to run that grocery store. Why don't they do that
at Edgewood? Sand Hill has made it abundantly clear to us that Fresh
Market and the dealings with Fresh Market are private. We really don't know
anything about them. I don't believe that, given the size of Sand Hill,
anything less than $5,000 will cause more than a hiccup to their existence
as a company. I also feel that they should get a lot more creative about
finding somebody to run a grocery store, even if they have to foot the bill for
it. I can't believe that somewhere in this country there's not some senior
                                                                         Page 21 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
