                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I look forward to seeing that. Again, I'd just like
to see us look at these worst case scenarios with potentially several factors
coming together.

Mayor Burt: I neglected to point out that it appears that these, whether
they be total use or per capita projections, don't appear to include any
significant expansion of our recycled water, either our current recycled or
potential future potable, high-purity recycled.

Ms. Dailey: That's correct. This Plan does not include any projects that are
not approved by Council, so the recycled water projections are flat over the
planning period for this particular document.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Just a quick question. I don't think it applies
specifically to this Plan. Have we ever looked at—they recently looked at
this and, I think, might have passed it in San Francisco, requiring individual
water meters for future multiunit residential developments. I live in a
multiunit development. I have no way to gauge how much water I'm
saving, because it's all aggregated amongst the entire building. That takes
away the incentive, I think, really to achieve maximum savings.

Ms. Dailey: I'm not super familiar with what is in the building requirements
with respect to that. I could get an answer back to you.

Council Member Berman: That'd be great. Thank you.

MOTION RESTATED:         Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to:

A.   Adopt a Resolution approving the 2015 Urban Water Management
     Plan; and

B.   Adopt an Ordinance amending Municipal Code Sections 12.32.010,
     Water Use Restrictions, and 12.32.020, Enforcement; and

C.   Direct Staff to return with an assessment of assumptions that are
     made regarding growth of accounts and that this information be made
     available during future discussions of the Sustainability and Climate
     Action Plan (S/CAP) and the Comprehensive Plan.

Mayor Burt: Please vote. That passes 9-0, but I saw that Council Member
Filseth had a late light. Did you ...

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible)
                                                                       Page 50 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
