                          TRANSCRIPT
difficult for us to really make the jump to light speed and kind of be able to
grasp the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan right now or even next
week. I do think we need to put the components of it out there. This is as
much a process that we're going to use to actually identify the process for
coming to understand what components we want to have in the
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. I just want to express a couple of my
thoughts about our City in comparison to others. It's just my perspective.
On the climate action side, we spent more focuses you've acknowledged on
this. I do think we ought to think about adopting a target even if it's a straw
man target for the nearer term, to at least focus the implications of different
choices that we make, even though we could change that down the road.
Even when we look at climate and then when we look at these other
questions, I mean the question is what do we want to achieve, why do we
want to achieve it, how are we going to achieve it, and when are we going to
achieve it. All of those things, I mean, they have technical issues. They
have cost, feasibility issues, and they have political and behavioral change
challenges. I think the good thing about the Climate Plan is it is pretty easy
to quantify what, at least, progress can look like. My own view is 80 by '30.
When you start to look at this waterfall chart, it starts to break out pretty
clearly where the key leverage points are. Now, the question is still when's
that going to happen or what do we need to do in order to achieve that. It's
going to be a challenge. The sustainability piece is in many ways much
bigger and more complex, and we haven't begun to flesh that out. I mean,
we can identify electrification of vehicles. We can suddenly see put all of
that together, it looks to me like that's almost half of what we need to do to
get from where we are right now to 80 percent. There are some things that
we can do that may affect the speed of when those things happen. Most of
that's going to be outside of our control. Those are going to be market
forces that are going to happen, whatever. On the other hand, we also have
limited capacity in the time of the community and the Council and the Staff
to focus on what we're going to work on to achieve different changes. We
can't simultaneously work on every issue, so we have to have some way to
assess how we're going to spend our time.              It's clear, like in the
transportation, as we were talking about here earlier, in many ways the
bigger question is how do we reduce vehicle miles traveled, how do we
reduce congestion, and how do we improve quality of life. That's more
challenging than how we reduce the carbon emissions of our vehicles. I just
think that our City is for the most part not the kind of place where we would
default to adopt an aspirational goal without really starting to talk about
what it might take to actually get there. We do want to have a basic idea
what it's going to take. Somehow I think we've got to get to that part of the
conversation earlier than later, even though that probably needs to be
modified over the course of this year as we move towards what you
ultimately want to adopt and where the components are.
                                                                        Page 58 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
