                         TRANSCRIPT
bald eagle. They actually would make a bird of state for Canada, but
Canada didn't choose them as quickly as we did.

Mayor Burt: John, can you remind us why she is with our Zoo?

Mr. Aiken: She is with our Zoo because we have handle-able, nonrelease-
able animals that we use in education programs. When I came down from
the San Francisco Zoo, where I had been for 29 years and had worked with
her for a long time, they eventually didn't have a use for her, so they
contacted me and said, "Would you like to use Sequoia for education
programming in Palo Alto?" I said, "Absolutely." That's why she's here.
You're welcome. With that, I'm going to pass her off to John.

Mr. de Geus: Another question over there.

Mr. Aiken: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:      What's the life expectancy in captivity such as
this?

Mr. Aiken: Good question. That kind of data is difficult to get. What we
know is that the ringing data that's come back in show that birds in the wild
live 20-30 years. We may increase that with more data. In captivity, it was
30-40 years, but the longevity record is 53 years for a bald eagle, the
longest bald eagle to ever have lived. She's now 28, so she's middle-age,
upper end. We're hoping for the best.

Mr. Keene: Before you go, John, could I get one of those caps for the
meeting myself?

Mr. de Geus: Thank you very much, John. It's exciting to have Sequoia
here, all the work that the Junior Museum and Zoo does for families and
children. What's even more exciting than that is this partnership that we've
engaged in with the Friends of the Junior Museum and Zoo to rebuild the
Zoo and the building. It's just an amazing partnership, and we're thrilled to
be here this evening to talk a little more about it and where we are in the
process. We have John, who's the Manager of the Junior Museum and Zoo,
who's going to help with the presentation. We also have architects, Brent
McClure and Sarah Vaccaro, who's in the audience from Cody Anderson and
Wasney Architects, who have been working with us and the Friends to
design the Zoo. We also have Paul Hopkins of the Friends of the Junior
Museum and Zoo. He's a Board Member and Co-Chair of the initiative. He'll
speak a little bit about the fundraising later in the program. We also have a
                                                                         Page 3 of 64
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/21/16
