                          TRANSCRIPT
poor. Only a third really goes to productive use. We're a lot better in
California because of the higher footprint of renewables. This is mainly
driven by fossil-fueled power plants that turn more energy into heat than
they do into anything productive. Our numbers locally are much better than
that. The third sector which is transportation, you can see, is the least
efficient. Because we pump more and more energy into transportation in
the form of liquid fuels mostly, the macro-economy has actually gotten
worse over 20 years not better, even though industrial and buildings and
power sectors actually made progress. This is the area where we need to
innovate. I think you've all seen for us here in California and for us in Palo
Alto, transportation is the single largest part of our carbon footprint. It's for
the same reason, because we have this incredibly inefficient use of energy
there, where most of what we put into our transportation system winds up
as waste. I wanted to kind of double click on that a little bit and show you
just how bad it is. This is my one really depressing slide. How many of you
actually own a car? Probably most of you. You bought your car, you think,
to drive it. I have news for you. You actually bought your car to park it.
You're only in your car four percent of the time, so 96 percent of your time
your car is lonely. I know the four percent that you're in your car, almost
half of that you're either looking for parking or stuck in congestion. You're
getting about 2 1/2 percent real use out of your car where it's taking you
from "A" to "B." For many of us, if you don't own a vacation home or a boat
or a place, it's your second biggest purchase after your home, so it's a
significant investment to have sitting idle. I've already touched on the fuel.
If you're driving an internal combustion engine car, only one percent actually
goes to move you from "A" to "B." The rest is moving steel and turning into
heat and causing tire wear and expenses as well. Pretty inefficient in terms
of the energy flow. For anybody who's in the 25 to 45-year old group, age
bracket, it's the leading cause of death, more than disease, more than guns,
more than many of the other things that we worry about. We haven't really
gotten better at this area as much as we have for airplanes, for example, or
other areas of safety regulation. On the infrastructure side, the picture's
even worse. We get 1/2 percent utilization out of our roads. I know on a
rush hour on Friday afternoon, it feels like they're jammed, and it's true.
For that two or three hours, they're jam packed here in our area in both
directions, normally only in one direction. Actually through-put during those
times drops, because they're being inefficient. The traffic jam actually has
less cars per lane per hour than when the roads are moving freely. Most of
the time most of the roads are sitting idle. There's a utilization problem
there. If we all happen to go to school, we all happen to drive at the same
time.    If we could shift even by half an hour, we can get dramatic
improvement in productivity. Not starting our jobs at the same time, not
starting our schools at the same time. We're not going to the same place,
everybody. I'll come back to that theme in a moment. Obviously, stop me
                                                                         Page 18 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
