                          TRANSCRIPT
percent throughout our Downtown area. That's something that I think is
worth exploring. A carbon pricing or Carbon Tax done at a municipal level is
something that, I think, we need to explore. I'm not ready to say that I
want to do that yet, but I'm interested in exploring how that could happen.
What our options are around that and how we could that in a way which
supports the sustainability of our economy and doesn't hinder it. As was
mentioned a little bit today and a little bit yesterday and will be essential
moving forward—I'm glad to hear we'll have a separate Study Session on
it—is our resilience in preparing for the inevitable impacts of sea level rise,
the fire risk especially to our Foothills from climate change, the drought, the
dryness, the increased temperatures which can have a very significant
impact on increasing risk of fire. I think that's overlooked often. Given how
much of our infrastructure, our homes, our roads are so proximate to sea
level and so close to the bay and our creeks, of course the flood risk and
what that means for our future. I look forward to the discussion about
resilience. I'm definitely interested in hearing more about net zero housing.
Council Member Holman pointed to a couple of things that really do
essentially tie together, the idea of no new net trips and also this trick
question of housing and parking. I think what we've been hearing from a
number of our presenters recently and a number of our studies recently is
that that really is the future. The future is homes with much lower parking
requirements, parking demands, and parking impact. Thinking about how
we can enforce that, incentivize that, and make sure that our community
isn't negatively impacted is, of course, important. I want to see how we can
really push that in an aggressive way. We should not be afraid of denser
housing in strategic locations with low parking and vehicle trip impact. That
is going to be essential to our sustainable future for our economy, our
environment and also for social equity.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have some questions and then comments. I'm
just going to rattle through them since we're getting kind of late. We had
two relevant Information Reports in our Packets that kind of tie into this
issue. One was the Report on the Carbon Neutral Electricity Program, and
the other was the Plan Bay Area forecast update. My first two questions.
On the carbon neutral electricity, I think 55 percent of it this year is going to
be renewable, 51 percent, 49 percent is offsets. I think it's really important
as we consider electrification—I think one of the speakers brought this up—
that we talk about offsets. It wasn't really discussed at the Summit in any
detail. How can we minimize offsets, and how can we ensure that we're
using high quality offsets, that we're being honest kind of about our carbon
use? The second question is what are the underlying assumptions on
population growth and business growth that is encompassed in the SCAP.
                                                                         Page 85 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
