                          TRANSCRIPT
and that's where I shop. That's what I want you to consider doing. Don't
remove those sites. Also, keep the densities that are being proposed for
Fry's, etc., because we can use it all. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Robert Moss to be followed by Linnea Wickstrom.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. There are a
couple of other aspects of housing that ought to be considered, and they've
been overlooked. One is called traffic. Every multifamily unit generates
about six trips per day. Look at that when you're looking at where housing
is going to go. Second, cost. Every housing unit costs the City almost
$2,700 a year more for services than it pays in taxes. Think of that also. As
for the specific discussion questions, I think it's a good idea to eliminate
housing sites on El Camino Real and San Antonio Road. When all the
housing that Mountain View is building along El Camino Real is completed
and occupied, San Antonio Road will be even more of a traffic jam than it
already is. More housing in that area is totally impractical. I think you
ought to consider very seriously eliminating nonresidential uses on the upper
floors in the Service Commercial (CS) and Neighborhood Commercial (CN)
zones. Make that residential only; I think it's a good idea. As for granny
units, I think if you said if somebody puts in a Below Market Rate (BMR)
granny unit, they can increase the FAR on their property by, let's say, 10 or
15 percent, so you have an incentive. We also should consider incentives for
subsidized housing or lower income housing in the other residential zones,
RM-15 and RM-30. Perhaps if they want to put in some number of BMR
units, they get an FAR increase of, let's say, 10 or 20 percent. I'm not going
to give you the numbers right now; I'm just saying this is something that
ought to be discussed and come up with some figures that are rational.
Finally, one of the real problems we have in Palo Alto is it's the highest cost
housing in the entire country. It's going to be extremely difficult to get
affordable housing without being very creative. One of the things you're
talking about is smaller units. Very small units are not going to sell. Seniors
are not going to move from their existing housing to a very small unit.
Define small as 500 or 600 square feet.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Linnea Wickstrom to be followed by Winter
Dellenbach.

Linnea Wickstrom: Good evening, Council Members. I'm a 40-plus year
resident of Palo Alto, also south Palo Alto. I have a 24-year-old son with
autism. I'm here to speak for housing for the developmentally disabled. It's
important to all parents, especially those of us who are aging. We can't our
house kids forever. Independent living skills take a long time to teach, so
we need a running start. The struggles are there are too few units. We

                                                                        Page 59 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
