                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Last of the separate votes before we go to the primary
direction. For scenarios 5 and 6, remove development by-right language in
Table 3, Row 8, and replace modified regulations. This was the one that
Council Member Wolbach preferred reduced regulations. Is that what you
said?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. What would be the right process for this. I
was proposing (crosstalk) amendment.

Mayor Burt: First, let's see if—we'll vote on this. If it is defeated, then you
can offer your substitute language.

Council Member Wolbach: Would it be possible to do it the other way
around? If my substitute fails, I would definitely support. I just thought it
was slightly (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: No, let's do it this way. Go ahead.

Council Member Filseth: The words "development by-right" creep the heck
out of me.

Council Member Berman: I have a question.

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Berman: Council Member Wolbach, I know you tried to
explain it. Can you explain maybe a little bit clearer the difference in your
mind between modified and reduced and why it's important to have that
change?

Council Member Wolbach: Actually there were two changes. One was to
add the word with just for grammar. The other was reduce because the
point was to reduce the regulations to make it easier to add housing.

Council Member Berman: Your concern is that modified means it could be
more stringent regulations.

Council Member Wolbach: I just thought it was clearer language that fits
better with the remainder of the text in that item.

Council Member DuBois: I'm okay with the change. I think it's clear from
the text. It says modify regulations to streamline it.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Council Member Berman: I'm so confused now.
                                                                         Page 87 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
