                          TRANSCRIPT
almost like we're at this point where there could be a real revolution, and do
we invest in these older technologies. How would you think about that?

Mr. Heck: That's a great question. Both of these areas are seeing a lot of
innovation. In the road area, it's brand new to the world. In the train area,
it's really let's adopt some innovations from elsewhere because they're
already working in other places. I'll give you one interesting statistic. If you
take a normal highway, freeway lane, 101 or 280, peak capacity is about
2,000 vehicles per lane per hour. Any more than that and you get a traffic
jam, and through-put actually drops lower.

Male: (inaudible)

Mr. Heck: Without autonomous driving, right. Now I add autonomy. As I
said, it's about an eight-fold increase if every car is autonomous. If I mix,
then I don't get the full benefit, because the humans still need space. I can
get to about 15,000, 16,000 vehicles per hour. Of course, the number of
people in those vehicles matters. If I'm running Facebook or Google buses,
I'm carrying a lot more people per lane per hour than if I'm running single
occupancy vehicles. There's still a big multiplier effect from doing carpools
or buses and sharing those vehicles. If I take a train, a high-performing
train system, you're talking about 45,000-60,000 per lane per hour. You're
already getting that massive increase, and you don't have any risk of traffic
accidents and the kinds of bottlenecks that we see in reality today. Yes,
there's going to be an increase on the roads from these technologies. It will
come relatively slowly because unless we choose to devote a lane entirely to
autonomy near term, which is possible but requires a legislative change at
the State level, we're only going to see that full benefit kind of 15, 20 years
from now. Whereas, we can get that shift in the rail side pretty much
immediately. For those high-capacity backbone routes, rail is definitely the
most energy efficient and actually still the fastest today. You could get from
here to San Francisco—one thing I haven't talked about is the rail speed
here is artificially limited by the Federal Railroad Association (FRA) because
of the freight traffic, 73 miles per hour. If you look at a lot of other regions
in the U.S., particularly on the East Coast, they've raised the limit to 110,
120 miles per hour. We're not talking High Speed Rail; we're just talking
about a slightly faster rail than we have today. With electric trains, that
becomes an option. Now, you're talking about here to San Francisco in 25
minutes. Unless we go all autonomous and decide to raise the speed limit as
well with autonomous cars. If they're electric, it's okay. If they're not
electric, there's a big hit on fuel consumption. We won't get to that kind of
speed. Short answer is I think we need both. I think we should plan to
upgrade our roads, but we shouldn't ignore the rail side because we already


                                                                         Page 35 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
