                         TRANSCRIPT
want. We really do have a chicken and an egg issue with do we want more
housing and are willing to have a little bit bigger building to accommodate
the housing. Because of that I also have concerns about some comments
that were made about not supporting third stories at this site. That third
story is going to be housing no matter what, and that means that if we don't
allow three stories here, we're cutting down on the amount of housing.
There are a lot of contradictory messages that you've heard today, and I
don't envy you in trying to square them all before you come back to us. I
would agree with colleagues that I would like to see more units onsite. I'm
not going to offer up specific suggestions, but get more units because we
need them. I think you'd get more support on Council and in the community
if there were a greater number of units than the current proposal has. I'm
going to support this with the hope that—it's also, I think, a better looking
building than a lot that we've seen. I really commend you for that.
Hopefully you're able to come up with a proposal that you can come back in
not another five years and can get five votes on Council.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, you have a light. We've gone around.
Are you wanting to modify a Motion or ...

Council Member Holman: No, it was ... No. I'm done.

Mayor Burt: I don't want to comment on the project per se again, but I do
want to share for members of the public something that I neglected to state.
There's a lot of concern that this project has considerable office and a
comparatively small amount of housing and that that's not the direction that
we want to go. Those are sentiments that I agree with, but under our
existing zoning for this area and other parcels in this area, that's what's
presently permitted. What would be required to change that is not to deny a
project that otherwise meets the law. It's to change the law. We as a
Council may want to be looking. We've already talked about some of this,
about whether we need to change the zoning in some of these areas, either
what's allowed under CDC or where CDC is the permitted zoning. We have
an obligation—in fact, a lot of the members of the community who would be
most critical of this additional office, which I'm not sympathetic toward
either, are also members of the community who have insisted that we as a
Council and a Staff must obey our Zoning Code. This is part of the problem,
that this is a part of the Zoning Code. We have the other requirements that
are the basis of the Motion. Other than that, we can't capriciously say we
won't allow office when that's exactly what is permitted under the current
zoning. I just thought that was important for the public to understand the
process and respect for the rule of law. Let's now vote—yes, Mr. Lait.



                                                                       Page 59 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/15/16
