                          TRANSCRIPT
It's not yours. Since it's on this agenda, the Council needs to confirm the
authority of the CAO Committee and the reporting out mechanism.

Ms. Figone: I was a little concerned when I found out in May that there
were surprises. We talked at our kick-off about there's some gaps that need
to be closed in this process. I think Rumi and I both understand that that
needs to happen.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The best thing to do would be to identify those gaps, if
they exist, and figure out the process. We'll have a CAO Committee that'll
then recommend to Council how that process should work.

Ms. Figone: I don't think we have anything else from our …

Council Member Holman:    You'll take the recording and compile your
comments, because you went through them verbally.

Ms. Figone:    Actually I've taken some notes here.             Do you take this as
Minutes?

Ms. Minor: Yes. It'll be transcribed. We can get you a copy of it.

Ms. Figone: Why don't you do that? We'll start working on what that
process looks like for next year. I would say that if this recording results in
a report out of some fashion to the Council so that they know that these are
your recommendations, I think that's what I'll work with you on. How does
that Staff Report look?

Council Member Holman: There was one other thing too in                   your summary
that didn't get addressed, that Greg and I both mentioned.                 When MRG is
seeking feedback, you need to go through the City Clerk or it             needs to come
in some fashion that it really gets our attention as opposed              to some name
that we don't recognize.

Ms. Figone: Try to get to that 100 percent participation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do think (inaudible) Karen's point of view. When you
see a really poor participation like that, I think we need to call the City Clerk
and say—Beth is great at getting our attention. Haven't heard from you on
such-and-such issue, Council Member Scharff. Please respond. Then, I
come home, and she's standing on my front porch.

Ms. Minor: You're not going in.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's right.

                                                                                     Page 19 of 20
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                               Transcript 11/16/16
