                        TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you all. Congratulations. Our next speaker is Victoria
Himmel. Is that right? I'm sorry. You were one of the speakers. Was
Kaitlin Chung the other speaker? We got all that. Our final speaker is Sea
Reddy.

Sea Reddy: Mr. Mayor and City Council and citizens of Palo Alto and
neighborhoods. I just want to thank the community, the City government
and the Police Department, having had a great experience having 60,000
people at the stadium. A seamless, just fun event over the weekend, on
Saturday night. It was a game, one to one between LA and San Jose. It's
not easy to manage those kind of events. As well as the Friday event with
Mr. President coming to Stanford. We all had a good time, know where he is
and what he spoke about. As well as Stanford holding the event on
entrepreneurship. (inaudible) wish you all a great summer. Summer is
already here. We are thankful for your service. We'll come back. Thank
you. Bye.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications.

Minutes Approval

1.   Approval of Action Minutes for the June 13, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: The next item is Approval of Minutes from June 13, 2016. Do
we have a Motion to approve?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Move approval.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to approve the Action Minutes for the June 13, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, second by Council Member
Berman. Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt:   We now move on to the Consent Calendar.      Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman: I move that we remove Item 3 from the Consent
Calendar.

                                                                        Page 6 of 98
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/27/16
