                          TRANSCRIPT
share that two Palo Alto Fire Department engines and a strike team have
been sent to the Clayton Fire. That was at approximately 8:30 P.M. last
night. Engine 65 and 66 along with engines from eight other departments in
Santa Clara County deployed to the Clayton Fire in the Clearlake area of
Lake County. As of this morning, the fire had burned about 3,000 acres and
destroyed over 175 structures, many of them homes and in the downtown
area of Lower Lake. Unfortunately the fire rapidly grew yesterday afternoon
driven by strong winds. Our duty crews covered all Palo Alto and Stanford
fire stations, and off-duty personnel and fire engines were called into
service.    There was no reduction of service to our community in our
assistance in fighting that fire. On behalf of our Staff and our folks in Public
Works, I'm proud to announce that the Palo Alto Urban Forestry Program
has been recognized as an accredited program by the Society of Municipal
Arborists, an honor and accomplishment that places our City's forestry
program among the elite list of cities in the country that are accredited by
the Society of Municipal Arborists. Currently, there are only eight other
cities in the United States that share this distinction. The award is a peer
review program that formally recognizes urban and community forestry
programs for implementing excellent and comprehensive forestry
management practices. Accreditation is structured to build on the Arbor Day
Foundation's successful Tree City USA designation by incorporating
additional professional standards deemed important by the Society for
Municipal Arborists for managing municipal trees. It applies to programs
internationally, not just in the United States. The accreditation sets a very
high bar, offers the highest recognition for notable accomplishments.
Meeting all of these really attests to the comprehensive and professional
management of Palo Alto's community urban forest. Please congratulate me
in congratulating Walter Passmore and his urban forestry team and,
obviously, our compatriots and colleagues in Canopy and other groups
around our City.      As many of you know, on August 5th, we held a
groundbreaking for Phase 1 of the long-awaited flood control project along
San Francisquito Creek that is designed to provide a 100-year creek flood
protection to thousands and thousands of homes and business in Palo Alto,
East Palo Alto and Menlo Park.           I know our Mayor and long-time
representative on the Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA), Pat Burt, was able
to attend that. I was out of town on vacation. I don't know if other Council
Members were at that. Obviously, this has been a long, long time coming
and is an important milestone for the community. In the work in this Phase
1, which is basically this section downstream of 101, it's expected to take
about two years. As part of the project, we expect trail closure signs will be
posted in advance of some of the tree removal work that needs to take place
along the creek starting this month. I will say we were a bit surprised to
learn from the contractor, with the contract being managed by the Santa
Clara Valley Water District, that there will be initially some intermittent trail
                                                                            Page 2 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
