                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Yeah, the center line. You're adding that yellow,
center line. There's also going to be signs in the roundabout, directional
signs in the roundabout?

Mr. Mello: The typical signage in a roundabout would be on each approach
there would be a short, white regulatory sign with circular arrows. It's, I
think, 24 by 24 maybe.

Council Member Holman: These are small roundabouts, because we don't
have very many large intersections. A mini roundabout is small. It still
seems like anybody approaching this is going to see the directional—it
seems like a lot still. I don't know; I'm not the pro in this, but it seems like
a lot. Jim, you had something?

James Keene, City Manager: I was just going to say we don't have four stop
signs at a four-way stop which is also quite typical at non-roundabout
situations. We kind of get used to some of these signs, I think. When we
think about a new one, it's very different than what we've sort of been
acclimated to.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate that. What it looks like, though, is
that we've got on the pavement—again, looking at the mini roundabout—it's
as if there was four stop signs because there's paint on each of the four
streets.

Mr. Mello: These are just crosswalks that may or may not already exist at
the intersection. If they don't exist, we would probably look to mark them
sometime in the future, if they're near a school or along an important bike
route. I will say that we can definitely, as we move into the final design
phase, we heard loud and clear from the community that there are aesthetic
concerns around signing and striping. We can certainly look to minimize the
amount of signage.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate that, because in this it's not obvious
that it's going to be this plus, then the directional signs at the roundabout,
and they're not very big. You don't quite have side-to-side roundabout
signs, but kind of almost. Talk to us a little bit about raised intersection.
What's the run-up to a raised intersection?

Mr. Mello: It would be a slope typical to a speed hump. You would go up six
inches to the level of the sidewalk; you would go up the raised intersection.
As you entered the intersection, the entire intersection is raised, and then
you would go back down after you left the intersection. It encourages
motorists to yield, because typically there's a crosswalk at the beginning of
the intersection. In this case there would be bike lanes along the corridor
                                                                         Page 24 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
