                         TRANSCRIPT
make when we actually approve the final contract, we'd be in a position to
report to the Council at that point in time how those changes related to the
overall Fire budget as a whole.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just want to clarify. We're not voting on the two Fire
positions. We're voting on whatever we think relates to Stanford.

Mr. Keene: We would be doing that later. I would just like to say this. It
could be quite possible by the time—following the adoption of this budget
and after we actually meet and confer with the Fire union, it could very well
be that those positions ultimately could end up serving Station 6, which is
the Stanford Fire Station. They also could end up not serving the Stanford
Fire Station. I think you're perfectly safe, since we have not identified that
right now, in assuming that we're going to right now balance the budget
taking that reduction out of the Fire Department budget that isn't part of
Stanford. This is one of the reasons that Kiely made, which sort of sounded
like an obtuse point. We're reducing the funding in the Fire Department
budget, but we are not reducing the number of positions in the budget yet.
We're reducing the funding related to those positions. We will later on in the
year come back with a specific elimination of the positions. The reason for
that is we have a very complicated budgeting process where the Council
actually adopts both a funding budget and a position budget. Very unusual
situation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Okay. I'll go with it. I don't really understand how it
could possibly not affect Stanford if we're voting on a third of their budget.
They pay a third of the costs; I would think anything related to the money
relates to Stanford. I guess I just don't understand it well enough.

Ms. Stump: It's fine for you to raise those questions during the second part
of the budget. You'll have a full opportunity to discuss the two positions.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: The only difference is Council Member DuBois' participation.
It's kind of a moot point. Vice Mayor Kniss, did you have anything to
comment?

Council Member Kniss: No, I didn't. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights. We will be voting on the—we're calling it
Phase 1, the Stanford-related budget items. That passes unanimously with
Council Members DuBois and Berman absent—Berman absent and DuBois
abstaining, recusing himself I should say. We need to grab Council Member
DuBois.

                                                                            Page 23 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
