                          TRANSCRIPT
each of those, and obviously cost effectiveness will be part of that equation,
but only part of it.

Council Member Filseth: One of the things that Stanford did was they sort of
had a stick to go with it; they limited parking. They said basically, "You
can't park here anymore." Are you folks looking at anything like that or is
that part of the mix at some point? Do you have any experience with that?

Ms. Griego: Paid parking? No. The Research Park does not have paid
parking. The ratio that all the companies are required to park to for the
projects is 1 per 300 which one could argue is overly generous. We think
that parking reductions are a significant motivator, frankly, for companies to
shift their focus to TDM programming. We don't have paid parking.

Council Member Filseth: Parking reductions, that's going to be sort of at the
discretion of each member company as opposed to a Research-wide policy or
something like that?

Ms. Griego: Right now, what governs the parking ratio is zoning.

Council Member Filseth: Finally, I think actually what I want to do is ask this
question in a year when you folks come back and we've had another year
experience of this. Our demographics of where folks come from in the City
core looks a lot like yours. We've got a big, big chunk from the South Bay,
then a small number that take the train from San Francisco and the East Bay
and so forth. I think we're going to be really curious as to what works best
coming from the South Bay. That's sort of where the biggest nut is.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you for the presentation. I think that at a high level the
Research Park has both greater challenges and some advantages. The
challenges are that it's a very large development. It was the first research
park in Silicon Valley. It was designed in the '50s, built in the '50s through
the '70s largely. It was built around the car being king. We're now trying to
transform it. You also have an employee base that is largely from areas that
were the South Bay which were developed for low-density residential by
design in an era where the car was king. Those are the challenges. As
you've pointed out, you have advantages of 75 percent of your employees
are in 12 companies. You have one master landlord. Those are the
advantages that you're clearly playing off of. This is going to be very
interesting. Some of Colleagues have mentioned this issue about the 25
percent. Hopefully you will be adequately successful there. One way or
another, we have to figure out how to fully engage them. As far as the Cal.
Ave. train service, I hope that your surveys will look at how much you may
be able to drive additional ridership at the Cal. Avenue station if it was
                                                                         Page 30 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
