                          TRANSCRIPT
applicant has an answer as to whether it's feasible. The Council might
consider reducing the parking requirement by X number of spaces to allow
some below-grade HVAC. Now that I think about it, if we allowed a
reduction in the parking, that might allow for simply the applicant to enclose
the HVAC elsewhere. Just a thought. Can we allow the applicant to speak?

AMENDMENT TO MOTION2 FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Holman: Are you proposing that? Sure.

Mayor Burt: I might. Let's hear what the applicant's architect has to say.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor, is that underground you're speaking about?

Mayor Burt: I don't know.

Mr. Giannini: First off, most all of the buildings out there all have rooftop air
conditioning units. They're old. I can't imagine anyone has ever heard
them. As you walk around, you don't really hear the air conditioning units.
The City does have rules about making sure that's the case. On one hand,
the rooftop units are very typical. I would agree ...

Mayor Burt: I think we know that. We actually do hear them, and
neighbors hear them. We have some concern is we're bringing it up.

Mr. Giannini: The thought of either doing a central plant on the site is
problematic because the buildings are lease buildings and could be split up
to different tenants. You do sometimes see a central plant on a big campus.
It wouldn't be appropriate in a situation like this. To put the units inside the
building is possible, but it's also very unusual and difficult to do. They need
louvers and vents and air and vibration and everything else which can be
handled much easier on the roof. What you're saying is possible, but it
would be very difficult and doesn't seem to actually be a concern—it isn't
typically a concern in my projects. We do have ways of isolating the units,
doing vibration control on the roof and what have you, that allows us to
much more easily deal with the units on the roof than if we try and bury
them in the building or put them underground.

Mayor Burt: Absent burying them or completely putting them within the
building, are there certain best practices that are better than what you're
saying nobody cares about, but we really actually do have concern over it.
Are there certain best practices that we might be able to include in this
project to reduce the noise from the HVAC below what is our maximum
permissible amount?


                                                                          Page 86 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
