                          TRANSCRIPT
basic feature of Barron Park and Palo Alto for over 75 years. Their retention
keeps reminding us of what Palo Alto was originally, a farm town. As you've
heard from a number of people, they're very well beloved; they're visited by
people from all over the area. They really create a very warm, friendly
feeling for the community. The amount of money we're talking about is
trivial. I don't think there's any issue there. I think it's important that we
try to retain the environmental feeling that we have for our community and
to try to work together when we have organizations like the donkey handlers
who have been working for nothing for years and years. A little bit of money
from the City will go a long way to showing that you care also. Thank you
very much for proposing this. I'm sure it's going to pass 8-0. One final
thing I do want to say. This is the last meeting of the year and the last Item
on the Agenda. Two distinguished Council Members, Mayor Burt and Council
Member Schmid, I want to thank both of you for the time and effort and
dedication you've put in trying to work for the community, to do the best
you can for all of us, all the time and effort you've put in. People don't
realize how much time it takes to be a Council Member and to work on the
Council and to think about the environment and the benefits to the
community, not just your own benefits for hours and days a week. I want to
thank you again, thank all of you for your work for the community and for
your dedication and your efforts.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Ken Dauber to be followed by Alice Smith.

Ken Dauber: I can't improve on any of the foregoing comments. What I'll
do is speak to you briefly about the financial need that Council Member
Holman's Memo speaks about, because it's real and it's important. These
donkeys are, as you've heard, a critical part of the community, really hold a
special place in the hearts of all of us, particularly our school children in Palo
Alto. They also represent an ongoing cost for feeding and veterinary care
and so forth, something like $12,000 a year plus extraordinary expenses,
extraordinary veterinary bills. We just went through a process of working on
the trees in the pasture, where Jenny and Perry are kept. That was a
$6,000 bill. Niner's death and veterinary care associated with that was
many thousands of dollars. As sort of an expense, caring for the donkeys is
a real expense, and it requires community involvement. That has been
handled largely through fundraising in the past and will be handled largely
through fundraising in the future. The Council can play a critical seed role in
putting forth matching funds to help stimulate those donations and also to
help refill the project's coffers. We have about enough money, assuming
that nothing goes wrong, to maintain the donkeys for another year. That's
really not where we want to be. We want to have reserves. We want to be
in a position where no matter what unexpected things happen, we aren't in a
crisis situation with the donkey project. We have the benefit of the support
                                                                           Page 109 of 114
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 12/12/16
