                          TRANSCRIPT
certain City positions to update fees, to report on funds or to have the ability
to issue citations. There are also out-of-date payment locations in the Code
and language that needs clarification. Staff is recommending changes to the
Code. Excuse me, the Finance Committee is recommending changes to the
Code to standardize the annual adjustment process and the indices used,
standardize the due dates of payments, update or remove old position titles
that no longer exist, and implement recommendations from the Parking
Fund audit, correct unintended errors and add protest information. We've
provided the Minutes from the Finance Committee at places this evening and
wanted to respond to written questions that we received from Council
Member Schmid earlier today. Council Member Schmid was questioning the
section of the Ordinance where we have recommended deleting a provision
requiring the Chief Transportation Official to report on an annual basis on
the cost of providing parking, the need for parking and the pending
development within the Assessment District. The parking audit from last
year indicated that this annual report has not been happening. In the City
Manager's response to that audit, we said that the departments would work
together to review the Municipal Code and recommend additional changes to
update the Code, clarifying reporting requirements and removing areas of
contradiction and confusion.       Our recommendation for eliminating the
reporting provision is consistent with our response to the audit and with the
objective of this Ordinance, which is to simplify procedures related to impact
and in-lieu fees. Staff already provides an annual report on impact fees
annually as well as the annual report on development in the Downtown
including use of parking in-lieu fees and the status of the long-term parking
deficiency originally quantified back in 1986. The latest such report on
Downtown was provided to Council on April 11th, 2016, and another will be
forthcoming in the spring of 2017. Based on these existing reporting
procedures and our overall desire to streamline operations where feasible,
we're comfortable with our recommendation to modify Municipal Code
Section 16.57.070 as shown on Packet Page 122. Before turning this over to
Council for questions, we have two minor edits to the Ordinance, which is
Attachment A. The first is on packet page 129, Section 16-64-070(d), the
Director may elect to appoint a designee to hear and decide a protest under
this section. The second change, minor edit, would be on Packet Page 131.
There is a typographical error on the sixth line of the text. That line should
read "the existing rate for a fee shall remain in effect until the recalculated
rate is adopted and effective pursuant to Section 16-64-050."

James Keene, City Manager: We just delete "made," the word "made.

Ms. Nikzat: Yes, delete the word "made." Yes, thank you. We recommend
your Motion contain these two corrections. Senior Assistant City Attorney,
Cara Silver and I are happy to address questions you may have.
                                                                          Page 80 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
