                         TRANSCRIPT
work, I think if we've got an efficient committee, with the short timeframe
and the turn around, we can assimilate the work. We can then talk about it
at the next stage, when we come back with results from this Motion.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor
Burt to refer funding strategies for Transportation Demand Management and
other local transportation programs to a Mayor designated ad hoc committee
and authorize the ad hoc committee, through a series of public meetings, in
conjunction with Staff, to conduct outreach on the content of the polling and
conduct a first round of polling, and return to Council with alternatives on
approaches as soon as possible.

Mayor Burt:   Let's vote on the board.   That passes unanimously on a 9-0
vote.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: I will be open to Colleagues who have the time and inclination
to serve on this committee. We'll see how many people want to do that and
figure out how to structure it from there. That concludes Item Number 13.

14.   Fiscal Years 2017 to 2026 General Fund Long Range Financial
      Forecast.

Mayor Burt: Item 14 is rescheduled for April 4th.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: We have Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs. Frankly, as
Council Member Kniss mentioned, the Vice Mayor, Council Member Kniss and
I were back in DC for the National League of Cities. We ended up spending
the bulk of our time with governmental agencies and legislators. It was very
constructive and, I think, productive. We met with the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA).     We met with the Corps of Engineers, with the
Department of Transportation, with Congresswoman Eshoo's staff and with
Senator Feinstein's staff and others. At this hour, I'd like to defer a full
report until next week. It was productive.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Anyone else have any Council Members Questions, Comments
and Announcements?

Council Member Kniss: I have an announcement.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.
                                                                       Page 97 of 99
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/14/16
