                    ACTION MINUTES
animal care services and develop a plan for animal shelter facility
construction or rehabilitation, and to return to City Council by December
2016 with a recommended agreement; and direct Staff to consider the long
term capital program for the animal shelter and that this consideration
includes the surrounding land and related services.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Council took a break from 8:50 P.M. to 8:58 P.M.

4.   Acceptance of the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking (RPP)
     Program Phase 2 Status Update and Resolution 9625 Entitled,
     “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending the
     Eligibility Area for the Program as Directed by the City Council
     (Continued From August 15, 2016).”

Vice Mayor Scharff advised he would not participate in this Agenda Item or
Agenda Item Number 6- CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY… because he
owns real property in the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking (RPP)
Program Phase 2 district.

Vice Mayor Scharff left the meeting at 8:59 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to:

A.   Accept the status report on the Downtown Residential Preferential
     Parking (RPP) Program; and

B.   Adopt a Resolution, expanding the boundary of the Downtown RPP
     Program Phase 2 eligibility area originally established by Resolution
     number 9577 to incorporate streets in the Crescent Park neighborhood
     identified for inclusion by the City Council in response to a
     neighborhood petition; and

C.   Immediately freeze the sale of employee permits in Zones 9 and 10
     and allow additional streets to petition to be added as resident only
     parking in Zones 9 and 10; and

D.   Direct Staff to return to Council by Jan 15, 2017 with proposals for
     changes to implement at end of Phase 2 that include:

                                                                        Page 3 of 7
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                          Action Minutes: 09/06/16
