                         TRANSCRIPT
future and maybe not as part of this plan, Rob, I would love to see
indications throughout the City of how long does it take to go from Oregon
to Embarcadero, Embarcadero to the creek, and so forth. I think people are
very motivated by knowing how far. Frequently in other cities and other
parks, I often see signs indicating here's a mile roundtrip, here's two miles,
three miles. This is a City where people love to walk. I certainly must have
covered my hundreds of miles through the years. It's fun to walk here; it
really is. It's always fun to know just how far you've actually gone, unless
you have your pedometer on or your Fitbit. I think those are my comments.
I think we have a fabulous park system. I think we're the envy of lots of
other cities for the distribution. As I recall, we have—is it 4,200 acres
without my looking at it again? Between Foothill and our local—we have 36
local parks as I remember.

Mr. de Geus: A little over. Yeah, 37 parks altogether if you include the
open space properties. Over 4,000 acres.

Council Member Kniss: Which is phenomenal. Thanks, and thanks for doing
a great Report. I hope somebody runs a picture of that in the press
somewhere, to show what you've actually—it looks like its two inches high or
three.

Council Member Berman: Seven.

Council Member Kniss: It's actually seven inches high. Thanks so much.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. First of all, thanks for the Report. I actually
wanted to say I've been running in the Baylands now for the last six months
or so, like every Sunday or so. I've got to say it's really magnificent down
there, especially right now. I mean, the green hill, the way it's all come in.
It just looks amazing. Council Member Schmid's point, I actually run from
East Palo Alto all the way down past Shoreline. I can tell you when you get
to Mountain View, it's like a ghost town. It's the opposite. There are people
passing me, walking all over the past. Our Baylands are actually on a
Sunday morning between—I don't know—between 8:00 A.M. and noon are
far more crowded. I actually think people are out there really enjoying the
Baylands right now when I go out there. I wanted to say that I actually
have the opposite experience. I'm out there every weekend now covering a
lot more miles probably. Kudos to you for what's going on in the Baylands.
It looks great. I have noticed there's a couple of fences on levees that I
think we might be able to open up and have alternative paths to Mountain
View. I'd encourage us to look at that if we could. I think that'd be great.
The other thing I wanted to address is all my Colleagues, we've all talked
                                                                      Page 107 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
