                          TRANSCRIPT
in our governance. We can always do better, and I think we should try.
Thank you for your attention.

Mayor Burt: Andrew Boone.

Andrew Boone, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Good evening, Council
Members.       I wanted to speak on Consent Calendar, the Item 5,
environmental studies for new parking structure at Waverley and Hamilton.
I'm concerned about a lot of things about it. The first one is I didn't read
anything in the news, and maybe I missed the news that there was. Usually
there's a lot of coverage in the Palo Alto Online and the Mercury News of big
decisions like this. I think it's a big decision. This is a step to actually spend
money on building new parking structure. Your discussions over the years
have been that there's a preference to avoid that. The General Plan
definitely makes it clear that there's a preference to avoid that. The way
that we should deal with parking demand is what you've been doing, with
trip management programs. Those programs just haven't had enough time
to work, and they're not extensive enough. There are a lot of things left to
do and left to take more time in transportation demand management than
where we are yet in Palo Alto. We shouldn't take the step when we're
getting to spending millions of dollars on studying adding capacity for storing
automobiles. The problem with increasing by hundreds of spaces, how many
you can store cars in the middle of the City, here in Downtown, is that it
creates more traffic in and out. That’s inconvenient for everyone walking
around. It's an impact on people who live here especially and come here
often, on people who are shopping here. It's more traffic. I don't think it
matches really at all with the General Plan goals. Goal 1, less reliance on
single occupant vehicles, clearly is the opposite of that. There should be
other General Plan goals to balance. Number 2, efficient public transit
system that provides a valuable alternative to driving, also doesn't support
that goal. Goal Number 3, facilities and services programs that encourage
and promote walking and bicycling, not really related. An efficient roadway
network for all users, maybe not related but adding traffic to the roadway
undermines that goal. Goal 5, these are the transportation chapter. I'm
stating these because I figure a parking structure applies to these goals, not
of other chapters.       A transportation system with minimal impacts on
residential neighborhoods—some of the traffic going in and out of a parking
structure has an impact on residential neighborhoods. People decide to
drive through a neighborhood; just it's a simple route. It's a greater impact.
A high level of safety for motorists, pedestrians and bicyclists on Palo Alto
streets is Number 6. There's only one goal that has anything to do with
parking, and it also discourages the construction of a parking structure at
the cost of $60,000 per space, which probably should be noted in your
report. It's a very expensive investment into something that takes us back,
                                                                            Page 22 of 114
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 12/12/16
