                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I also want to thank you for your work on this.
I know it's substantial. I actually wanted to say that I thought Arthur really
hit the nail on the head with his comments. I think these are really a lot of
the issues you need to think or at least we need to think about. How do we
adapt any growth management strategies to the situation as it's occurring?
How do we create flexibility and how does that relate to impacts? How do
we build in a flexible Comp. Plan that shows a vision that changes with the
circumstances as things go and that's a little more proactive than the last
one? I think that's sort of where I am. On the other hand, I think we have
to also decide and look at how prescriptive should the Comp. Plan be versus
flexibility, and what does that mean. When we read what it says, do we
want it to be that this is a particular statement that everyone agrees what it
is or is there differing interpretations of that based on difference
circumstances? The United States Constitution, for instance, is a very
flexible document over time, and so is The Bible, depending on who's
interpreting it. I think that's a question that we want to really look at the
Comp. Plan. What does it mean? What kind of vision and how prescriptive
is it or how flexible is it? I also think when we do this we want to think a
little bit about quality of life. I think that's all we want here, quality of life.
How do we relate that to the Comp. Plan and make it further Palo Alto
quality of life, and what does that mean in terms of impacts? Are we
basically impact oriented? When we look at new development, when we
look at what kind of developments we approve, is that primarily what we're
looking at or are we looking at other things as well? If so, what are those
other things we're looking at? Define a little bit the thinking behind that.
You could, for instance, say, "We'd be willing to have more housing in Palo
Alto if there's no cars involved with it, it creates no traffic." On the other
hand, some people might say, "No. If we had more of a population growth,
we'd lose our small town feel." I guess, if we have those kind of visions, I
think it's really helpful to articulate the thinking behind it and what we're
trying to achieve. I know that's difficult, but I think the more the CAC can
say to me why we're looking at this particular aspect of something, the more
helpful that is for me. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I too would want to sincerely thank all of you. I
know it's a big job, a lot of time. Thank you for doing it. I had a question
about kind of data availability, if you guys feel like you have enough data on
which to base some of your discussions. I had recused myself last week, but
I watched the discussion about 1050 Page Mill, and there was, I think, an
interesting discussion about our assumptions for job growth and which
numbers we're using there. Council Member Holman just brought up traffic
measurement. I'd like to see us add a session just on traffic measurement
                                                                               Page 52 of 107
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
