                         TRANSCRIPT
and developers towards the TMA and give them the tools that they'll need to
be compliant with their TDM plans.

Council Member Schmid: The funding of the TMA is voluntary. Is that right?

Mr. Keene: Could I jump in? A lot of really good questions here. I think
there's some good follow-up that we're going to have to do with where
we've got to at this point. It kind of goes back to Council Member DuBois'
question earlier about there's incentives, but what are the sticks here. I
think the problem is that a TMA for the most part is just a voluntary
association. It's not synonymous with even TDM itself. TDM are a whole set
of approaches that can be taken, some voluntary, some can be policy, some
can be stick mandated actions. That would typically have to be taken by the
Council. If we were the landlord and we had control, we could do that. In a
lot of ways, a TMA is like a chamber of commerce that says, "If you want to
join our association, here's what it costs." Anybody who does that says,
"Why should I join the chamber of commerce? What do you guys do for
me? What's the benefit?" In a lot of ways, that's the question people have
to ask about the TMA. The truth is right now, one of the reasons the Council
put the seed money, as I saw it, is the ownership of the urgency about the
City's transportation and parking problem. It's really owned by the City
more than it is small businesses or individual businesses. They can certainly
say these are challenges as to how we get ourselves to work or whatever,
we can't recruit workers or there isn't parking. They don't have the same
overriding drive which we have which is to respond on behalf of the
community to this real problem. The whole thinking on the TMA was how do
you get a voluntary group of folks in there, which probably leads to why we
would say you just pay $50 bucks or something to start—that's not a
financial plan that's going to get us anywhere—or to what extent we might
say we would default to a few big folks at first who would have more ability
to potentially help lead other folks to show here's how we could both buy
discounts, here's how we could put together a co-op that could maybe get a
Lyft or somebody to come in here and operate. It really is almost 100
percent dependent upon voluntary participation and incentives or buy-downs
on prices. That doesn't mean that separately the City can't have a whole
bunch of other initiatives on issues we have so that it can push people to
participate in the TMA. That's really a separate action from other policies or
issues we do as the City.

Mayor Burt: I think we need to make sure that this discussion is not trying
to reinvent what a TMA is. We may have separate discussions about what
we want to do in achieving our transportation and trip reduction objectives,
but we can't try to force one thing to become another.


                                                                        Page 57 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
