                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Just in terms of process, that underlines for me
anything we can do support recruiting, Staff retention has a huge payoff.
That's kind of a separate angle on all this.

Mr. Keene: I have recommendations.

Council Member DuBois: The other one. I appreciated your examples too.
Like the SSO one, I think there's another dimension we haven't talked about
tonight, which is what is the quality level we need to do all these projects
and are there some projects we could do quicker with less effort. The SSO
one in particular, when it came to us, we talked about the Cupertino
ordinance. Could we short circuit a little bit by borrowing from Cupertino?
I'm just using that as an example. I feel like a lot of times we push projects
to the nth degree. We have this Palo Alto process, but we should be looking
for places to be efficient.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member, I couldn't agree more. I've learned in my
time here in Palo Alto that everything takes longer than you think. Not just
on our side of the table, but on yours.

Council Member DuBois: That really wasn't criticism or anything. It's
actually a suggestion for Council. There may be times when we say getting
70 percent of this one is okay. This other one we want 95 percent. Starting
to be explicit. I actually have ...

Mayor Burt: I'd say that's what we just did on Cambridge.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I actually have several items. I'm not sure
if I can read them all off. We might have to stop and talk. I have six or
seven items that I'd say I would like to be higher priority. At the same time,
I picked six or seven that I would lower. I'm not sure how we get through
this as a group.

Mayor Burt: I would say the parking lot is for the things that either we want
to add to the list or consider elevating. When we get to the parking lot, we
are going to look at prioritizing. I realize that since we lost department
directors, are we going to need them to have that prioritizing discussion at
the end over the parking lot? No.

Mr. Keene: I don't think so, looking at what's in the parking lot right now.

Mayor Burt: The parking lot may start—we may be selling some of those
extra, unused permits real shortly.



                                                                        Page 66 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
