                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I see Council Members Filseth and Holman want to wade in
again. First, Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Obviously it's a Study Session, so we're not
offering formal direction. I think the point of this straw poll is just to give
Staff a heads up that in the first part of the new year we are going to want
to have this conversation. We really just want to give you a head start on
collecting the data and thinking about these issues and thinking about how
we could frame this as an Action Item or we can talk about whether it's a
PC, which I'm personally less enthusiastic about myself, or overlay zones,
which I'm more excited about, or precise plans or coordinated area plans,
which as you know I'm very enthusiastic about as well.              Having an
opportunity to have that discussion in the early part of next year is
something that, I think, most if not all of us on Council are interested in.
I'm personally interested in having it for both market rate and for affordable
housing. Judging from what I'm hearing out in the community and whatever
the potential makeup of the Council in the new year is, from what I've heard
from all of those potential new Council Members, I don't see that that's
going to change. I do anticipate that being part of our priorities. Again, just
as a straw poll and as a heads up for Staff, I think it's likely. We should
start getting ready for it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible) Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A really quick question. The question about the
data regarding parking and that ilk of thing, how readily accessible is that to
you all?

Ms. Gonzalez: We can definitely get the data to City Staff. We have it.

Council Member Holman: It's readily available then?

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes.

Council Member Holman? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I'll say that I think really both of these housing zoning issues
should come to the Council early next year, the affordable one and the small
unit. I do think, once again on nomenclature, we want to be proper in our
use. What was proposed for the VTA lot is small units, not micro units.
What we have at Alma Place is micro units. They're a couple hundred
square feet. The ones at the VTA lot were 500-600. There's a difference.
People have been throwing around, including the press—have been misusing
                                                                        Page 36 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
