                          TRANSCRIPT
getting a new grocery story in the space. Secondly, on June 8th, Caltrans
notified the San Mateo County Transit District that it has been awarded
approximately $350,000 in Fiscal Year '16-'17 Caltrans Sustainable
Transportation Planning Grant funds to advance the Grand Boulevard
Initiative in Redwood City and Palo Alto. This project will facilitate concept
planning for multimodal streetscape improvements along El Camino Real to
create a roadway that is safe and accessible for all users and is integrated
with proposed sustainable development and enhances modal choices by
encouraging pedestrian and transit activity. The El Camino Real Corridor
continues to be the location of a high proportion of collisions. In Santa Clara
County, the roadway comprises about 1/2 percent of all streets, but it sees
six percent of all bicycle and five percent of all pedestrian collisions within
the county. Through a comprehensive engagement process, this project will
focus on two case study locations with high opportunities for improved
multimodal safety and connectivity. The case segments include Redwood
City between Maple Street and State Route 84, Palo Alto between Cambridge
Avenue and Lambert Avenue. A short section there. On the Consent
Calendar tonight, Agenda Item Number 3, I did want to touch on this briefly.
This deals with the approval of a successor solar net metering program. I
understand that many Council Members may have received multiple emails
raising concerns from folks saying this would hurt the solar industry. The
email, to our knowledge, didn't come through our normal city.council
mailbox, which may reflect the fact they're not from Palo Altans. In any
case, many may not be familiar with our industry-leading sustainable
programs and conservation-minded customer base.              I want to take a
moment to recap this issue.        Tonight's recommendation establishes a
successor program once the current Net Energy Metering Program cap is
reached, which is expected later this year.        The recommendation was
considered and unanimously approved by both the Finance Committee and
the Utilities Advisory Commission, and is cost-based consistent with
Proposition 26 to fairly compensate solar customers without creating
subsidies from non-solar customers. The proposed program continues to
allow customers to net their solar generation against their onsite electric
use, hour by hour, and compensates them fairly for surplus energy exported
to the grid. Our Staff saw feedback from various stakeholders in developing
this proposal. Only one member of the industry chose to provide formal
testimony. Some of this concern, I think, comes from experience with other
utilities who use different methodologies. It also comes from experiences
with programs in investor-owned utilities like Pacific Gas and Electric
(PG&E), who are not subject to the same regulatory constraints as publicly
owned utilities. The proposal tonight is designed to avoid many of the issues
the industry has been concerned about in these other electric service areas.
With declining solar system costs and the extension of the Federal tax credit,
the economics of solar will stay favorable. Staff believes the industry will
                                                                           Page 2 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
