                          TRANSCRIPT
likely to get any. We can go ahead and go through questions comments,
and then a Motion. Who would like to go first?

Council Member Kniss: Not I, not this time.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll just ask some questions. We know the
Cubberley lease is coming up in five years. Hopefully we're going to be
ready to start some construction then. We're assuming full rent for the
entire period of time. Is that a reasonable assumption?

Mr. Perez: I couldn't hear the first part.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. Cubberley, the lease is coming up, and
we're looking at rebuilding there. We're assuming full Cubberley rents
throughout the whole period.

Mr. Perez: We're not at the moment, because we have Foothill leaving. The
last date I hear—it keeps moving—is August. It's about $1 million worth of
revenue that the City gets currently. We have an agreement with the School
District where we would split the loss of the revenue, so it's about $500,000
for the whole year if you look at it that way. What we need to do as we're
getting high requests for the space, Avenidas being one of them. When they
eventually get through the rebuilding of their facility, they want to utilize the
space. We have a long list of potential tenants. We'll have to figure out a
process that is fair and open. The question in front of you is what will that
rent be. I have not started the discussions with any of these groups.
Currently, Avenidas is paying $1 for the ...

Council Member DuBois: My point is if we knock the buildings down to do
new construction there, we would lose even more rent.

Mr. Perez: Yes. We do not have that in the Scenario.

James Keene, City Manager: I think the way to think about it is in terms of
the Long Range Forecast. In general, we're thinking about during the term
not losing revenue. In the nearer term, in this particular budget for
example, we may have to think about how we hedge ourselves. With the
turnover, there obviously could be some gaps between Foothill leaving and
uptake with some other folks. We don't know what that number would be.

Council Member DuBois: Was there any assumption of a Business Tax in the
Forecast?


                                                                         Page 85 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
