                         TRANSCRIPT
very, very broad. Tonight we're focusing on those ideas that are about
public art. With that, we're going to go to the next slide. I wanted to start
us off with the Mission Statement. Here is our new proposed Mission
Statement for your review. The Palo Alto Public Art Program promotes the
highest caliber of artwork, commissioning memorable public artworks and
experiences that stimulate discussion and thoughtful reflection, celebrating
Palo Alto's character and enhancing civic pride and a sense of place. With
that, I'm going to toss it to Elise.

Elise DeMarzo, Community Services Manager: Here you'll see our renewed
Vision Statement. I just want to reiterate that the Mission and Vision
Statement really came out of this phenomenal public outreach process,
which you'll hear about more in-depth from our consultants in just a
moment. Our advisory committee, for instance, was made up of a wonderful
cross-section of the community. Representatives from the Chamber, from
businesses, from Stanford, students in the School District, Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD) staff and including really innovative ways to engage
people who don't normally come out to public meetings. Sending an artist
team out into the community to engage people in playgrounds and
commercial districts and engage commuters and people who are less likely
to actually come to City Hall for a public meeting. We're really excited about
this renewed Mission and Vision. I will now turn it over to Barbara and Gail
to discuss the outreach process.

Barbara Goldstein, Barbara Goldstein and Associates: Thank you for having
us. This was probably one of the most extensive outreach processes that
we've ever engaged in as public art planners. We met with a very large
number of people. We had a series of focus groups with people from
neighborhoods, with commuters, with young people. We met one-on-one
with a number of people, and we had a boot camp with City Staff and with
Commissioners to give them a sort of orientation to what public art can be
and what the framework for it is and to listen to questions and answers.
One of the most exciting parts to this was that we did an artist-led outreach
process where we solicited a team of artists. They called themselves Mobile
Art Platform, Chris Treggiari and Peter Foucault. They created this mobile
art studio that was pulled from one place to another on a pair of bicycles,
opened up and got people to write what their big idea about public art was.
They stamped the big idea, and everybody got a certificate, and we got
input from 350 different people. Those ranged from high school students to
seniors, from commuters to neighborhood folks. They went to an ice cream
social. They went to different places. We got a lot of information from that
as well as people's photographs and their thoughts on not just public art but
other things that the arts could do for Palo Alto. What came out of this was
a series of guiding principles. The things that we heard again and again
                                                                        Page 63 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
