                         TRANSCRIPT
of effort has gone into this, and we appreciate your being here tonight and
airing it for us.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of additional thoughts, having heard
from the community and also the comments that Mayor Burt made after my
previous comments and also from my colleague, Council Member Kniss,
regarding the uses of the offices right now. This is something I forgot to
mention earlier.     I appreciate it being emphasized by the public and
mentioned by the Mayor. I don't think we can overestimate how important
that is. The availability of small office space for individual practitioners,
particularly therapists, psychologists, etc., is something I've been hearing
since—I remember knocking on doors when I was running, and people were
saying, "I work Downtown, and we're running out of space." The specific
people working there now, the families that depend upon those services for
their mental health services to provide for the health of the community, is
extremely important. If there is any change to what's on the site, I think it
would be more palatable if either the existing office side is preserved and
any additional housing is focused on the adjacent parking lot and a redesign
of that component, or if there is any way to ensure that following a hopefully
efficient construction process, those who are tenants currently would have
priority to return to space which would be provided for them. Those are
thoughts that, again, if we're looking for ways—if you're looking for
something that would make it more palatable, not guaranteed, I think it's
very important to listen to what people are saying here tonight. On the
question of whether we need housing in the community, I think this is where
I would probably disagree with Council Member Kniss. There would be
potentially some appetite for something on the site, the housing side.
Again, as we just heard, the parking lot was designed to provide a transition
to the neighborhood. If that is going to get changed into something else,
that's going to require a lot of discussions with the community. We'd want
to hear that the community is comfortable with what's happening there. The
suggestion that outreach to the community be done is something I'd
wholeheartedly support. Again, that's not a promise that we'd be supportive
in the end. If you're looking for your best shot, that would probably be your
best shot.    Again, as I mentioned before, step downs and a smarter
transition and a more natural and aesthetically consistent transition to the
neighborhood, I think, would be important.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you very much. I didn't comment in the
first round, because basically I concur pretty much with everything that

                                                                       Page 24 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
