  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

significantly; we have through these programs the potential to reduce it.
That is both a great challenge and a great opportunity for all of us and I
really look forward to the community participating in both of these things.
We have a great Citizen Advisory Committee (CAC) on the Comprehensive
Plan who has been meeting, they were supposed to meet monthly for a year
and we got them to every two weeks for two years and now we’ll up the
schedule a little more. And they are just stepping up to the task and taking
on the challenge of this really important guiding document for our
community.

But we’ve talked a lot about buildings and things and energy and streets,
but a community really is about people. And when we look at kind of the
face of Palo Alto and you may even recognize some old pictures there that
we found of Palo Altans. Some of you may, [unintelligible] guessing game
who gets them all of all the folks over on the far right somebody I was
working with Lon from our Staff and he said who is that woman on the far
right? It was Joan Baez for those who don’t know her. You know I left out
Grace Slick. So, but when we look at our community we are a community
that has always been changing and the face of our community the character
of our community not just the physical environment, but we’re changing and
evolving and being enriched by the people who come to our community. We
are a community of immigrants and diverse ethnic backgrounds that is like
the Bay Area one of the few places in the world that has this much diversity.
And when people come from afar and ask what makes Palo Alto the center of
Silicon Valley and the center of technology and innovation? And I could tell
them well, what do you need to do? And say well, build a Stanford
University. That will help as a starting point. But aside from that two of the
things we push to them that are value based, but actually are part of our
DNA and what makes us a really in the true sense of the word rich
community, not financially rich, but rich in our culture and society is both
the diversity that we have and the way that we invest and feel responsibility
to the future.

So this is a representative of the face of our community and I, we on last
this last Sunday we had a great event here of the first big Chinese New Year
event that occurred in Palo Alto. You may have seen the banner coming in.
And I was talking with some of my friends who had 170 volunteers who
helped put the event on and next year if you didn’t do it you’ve got to see it,
but it’s going to be in a new location because it just overflowed this… oh,
sorry, the Fire Chief’s here. I didn’t want to bust us too bad, but it was an
enormous and a great event. We’re going to find a bigger venue next year,
but the organizers had looked at a number of translations of Palo Alto into
                                                                           Page 17 of 18
                                                               State of the City Address
                                                                                 2/24/16
