                          TRANSCRIPT
community, those who are here and the many, many who aren't here
tonight, but they know who they are, and the City Staff for all the work on
that and really just helping change the culture. To City Staff and the
community, don't be shy in asking us to continue to do what we can on
Council to facilitate furthering that. One thing I did, because I didn't want to
bike to school and be sweaty, when I was in high, because showing up to
school sweaty isn't really cool, and biking in general wasn't deemed cool
back then, I took the bus a lot. Now that Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) is thinking about slashing essentially all the buses in Palo
Alto, the thinking throughout the City, both the School District and the City
Council, the community about how we get people around, especially
students, without those buses that served my neighborhood when I was
growing up in particular but many others is something to keep in mind both
with biking and with the shuttles.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you very much for being here. I hadn't
realized your last name was hyphenated. It's interesting to see. I had
thought it was all one word. I want to ask something about the learning
that takes place. If you ride your bike to school during elementary years
instead of somebody driving you—we live fairly close to Jordan, and the bike
parking is just packed. As kids go on from there into Paly and Gunn and
biking seems to become less cool and driving more common—I've also
noticed that they have arguments about what they should charge for
parking—say a little about what kind of consistency there is if kids ride their
bikes early to school versus somebody driving them to school. Maybe there
isn't any correlation.

Ms. Star-Lack: I'm not sure exactly what you're asking.

Council Member Kniss: If I'm the elementary school student and I've been
taught to ride my bike, I take it. I've had the course and so forth. Then, I
get into high school after middle school. Am I more likely to ride my bike
because I have done it on a regular basis and I'm comfortable with it or is
there no correlation whatsoever?

Ms. Star-Lack:     I don't know, and we don't have any data for that
specifically. Anecdotally, it really kind of depends. We have students who
never ride in elementary school and all of a sudden start riding in middle
school. It kind of depends on what their friends are doing, which is why it's
really important to change the culture at these campuses. If everybody's
doing it, then everybody's doing it. That goes to the item that we have for


                                                                          Page 7 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
