                          TRANSCRIPT
next fiscal year. On May 16, 2016, the Council set this time and day as the
time and date of the Public Hearing on the proposed levy of an assessment
for Fiscal Year 2017. The Council appointed the Board of Directors of the
Palo Alto Downtown Business and Professional Association as the advisory
board of the BID. The advisory board has prepared its annual report for the
2017 fiscal year and submitted it to the Council. The City published the
required notice in a local newspaper of record regarding reauthorization of
the BID for 2017 as required by bid law. All interested parties will have an
opportunity to provide testimony this evening. At the conclusion of the
public hearing, the Council will determine whether a majority protest exists.
A majority protest will exist if the owners of businesses that will pay 50
percent or more of the proposed levy of an assessment have filed and not
withdrawn a written protest. We've actually already had the brief report by
Staff and the BID representative. The public hearing is open. I see we have
at least one card. Our first speaker is Barbara Gross. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 7:04 P.M.

Barbara Gross: Hi. I just wanted to clarify some points as to the origin of
the Business Improvement District and how it came about and why it's
important. The Chamber of Commerce, as Russ described, had a Downtown
marketing committee that was an all-volunteer committee.               It was
impossible to keep up the amount of volunteer hours that it really took to be
able to create the relationships within City Hall and to follow up on all the
activities that the immediate Downtown core business district really needed
to pay attention to. As a result of that, with some help from actually City
Staff, the Business Improvement District was created. As of today, we work
in concert with the Chamber of Commerce. As the Chamber of Commerce is
concerned with the entire City, the Business Improvement District focuses
on the Downtown. We also have, as Russ said, under our auspices the
parking district committee as well as overlooking Lytton Plaza. The Friends
of Lytton Plaza, who redeveloped that, handed it over to the BID to oversee
its upkeep and improvements, which the BID has by putting in new plants,
encouraging the City, which is great because that's part of the relationship-
building, to install additional trees and umbrellas and some additional tables,
because the park has been so successful. Again, what we do, based on the
official requirements of a Business Improvement District, which is to have
the City administer the funds but have the contract to the Downtown
Professional Association actually activate all of those things. The music on
the plaza and those kinds of events in the Downtown, Meet the Street and
other events in the Downtown, trying to bring business to businesses
together as well as the residential community to come Downtown and enjoy
what they can. The focus is to have a Downtown monitor really overlooking
benches, which Russ does, in concert with the banks and all the people in
                                                                           Page 21 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
