                          TRANSCRIPT

There is somewhere it's going to be appropriate, and others where we—I'd
say avoid doing it to the extent possible.

Mr. Dennis: Mayor Burt, that actually was a particular conversation we had,
I think, in our first subcommittee meeting. Every attempt was made to
scrub that. If there's other areas of improvement, happy to take that back.

Mayor Burt: I see a lot of places, and I really can't go through tonight and
go through all the examples of places where I see either specific policies and
programs that I'm not quite sure what's meant or overlap or repetition
amongst some. I'll give an example. I see on page C-18, Policy C.13, it
says collect and analyze changing demographics and data—I think we're
meaning data about changing demographics—on the use of community
services and facilities to streamline. We're talking about analyzing the data
to streamline and improve delivery. That may actually be what we—improve
delivery and provision. Do we need both of those? We have a lot of these
"and" with very nuanced distinction between the two different examples or
whatever that we have there. I see down, that same thing in Policy C-1.5.
It says use metrics to measure service performance of City departments,
which is not quite the same thing as what was in C-13. It made me just
question how we should do that differently or word it differently or
streamline this. Policy C-1.4, it says promote City parks, open spaces, etc.,
for community members recognizing that these facilities. This is about
promoting City parks. Underneath it, the Program says use Cubberley
Center as a critical and vital part of the City's service delivery system. Is
that a delivery system on promotion? The policy is about promoting, and
then the program doesn't seem to be about promoting. These are kind of
examples that I have throughout this. This is part of what I had a concern
on our time tonight. I think it's loaded with these kinds of things. There's a
lot of good work here and a lot of refinement that I think still needs to be
done. I just want to then pause at that and raise a couple of things at a
level that I didn't identify, particularly locations where certain things should
be in. In the Staff Report, this may already be covered in specific policies
and programs that I didn't identify. On the second page under inclusion, it
talks about ensure inclusiveness among various groups, ethnicities, genders,
etc., and physical and mental abilities, but I didn't see any mention about
sexual orientation or identity. Do we capture that now? That's a sensitivity
that we embrace in a way that 15 years ago maybe wasn't the same
consciousness.

Mr. Dennis: I don't recall that that term was utilized in the draft before you,
but can include it where appropriate.
                                                                          Page 43 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
