                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you, Staff.

Mr. Perez: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Perez: I just wanted to acknowledge Kiely Nose's great work. I've been
saved by her since we lost a lot of Staff. Kiely's stepped in and done a great
job, she and her team and also Joe Saccio and (inaudible) who did the major
work here.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Intergovernmental Legislative Affairs.

Council Member Berman: Not for that one.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements.
Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I just wanted to give a shout out to our Human
Relations Commission (HRC). Both Council Member Wolbach and I had an
opportunity to attend and give the opening and closing remarks at an event
they did last Wednesday. I'm just trying to find the name. It was Being
Different Together, Experiencing Palo Alto Perception and Reality. It was an
event put on in particular by Valerie Stinger, who's one of our HRC
Commissioners. The entire Human Relations Commission has been doing a
series of community events of the past year. This was one talking about
subconscious bias and micro aggression, I believe was the term. Had a
great keynote speaker, a professor doctor from Stanford. Then a great
panel of folks talking about subconscious bias and how it can manifest itself
and ways that we can react to both the aggressor and the person who's
being aggrieved. It was just a really fantastic event. Great turnout. One of
the most diverse crowds I've ever seen at a Palo Alto event. The Human
Relations Commission, I just thing is doing a great job of hosting these
forums and organizing these forums for increased community dialog.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I would like to propose an Agenda Item as soon as
possible, to approve jobs and resident projections for the Fifth Scenario.
The Four Scenarios presented all contain jobs to employed resident ratios of
                                                                      Page 103 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
