                         TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt: Herb Borock to be followed by Arthur Keller. Welcome.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt. Good evening, Council Members. I
want to thank the Mayor for shining a light on the fact that this discussion
has been going on for six months. I want to compare it to another item that
was on your Agenda on your Consent Calendar this evening, the contract
regarding airplane noise. For the first time, I believe, attached to that Staff
Report was a letter from Congresswoman Eshoo pointing that it would be
helpful to get the Council's response to the FAA's proposals by the end of
January, and that was a December letter. I don't recall seeing that one
before.     Here, with the recommendation from Staff that the Council
designate who its representatives are, I just heard that this has been going
on for six months. I try to keep track and pay attention to what's going on
with the Council, but I don't recall hearing about that kind of discussion
before. To get to the specific points in the proposal, I'm not sure how we
can have a joint proposal when we're not sure with whom we are bargaining.
Are we bargaining with Mr. Guardino who's sitting in the back row here? I
provided you a copy of an article from The San Francisco Chronicle from
November of 2014 where essentially the discussion was that they're about
short $1.4 million to bring BART to Santa Clara. Here we're talking about a
position $1.2 million to San Jose. You're just mixing up those two numbers.
The second thing is in regard to Bus Rapid Transit. We've been advised by
Supervisor Simitian that that proposal could kill the tax measure at the
ballot, and yet there's no connection here with saying that neither this
money nor future money for a period of time could be spent for Bus Rapid
Transit in this part of the county. Finally, in spending for money grade
separations, normally you would think that it is Caltrain and the High Speed
Rail Authority that would responsible for paying for the mitigations for their
projects. Already there's included in here money to do the additional gap for
the Caltrain modernization program that's beyond what they've gotten
themselves from the California High Speed Rail Authority, and they want
money from each of the three counties. I guess that's what this $400
million is for. I'm not sure whether you can bargain to get more or whether
this is just to say we're going to get less than what's here. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Arthur Keller to be followed by Adina Levin.
Welcome.

Arthur Keller: Thank you. I'm speaking in my own capacity, not as Co-Chair
of the CAC. Thank you, Mayor and Council Members, for bring up this item.
First of all, I think people know that I've been in favor of a covered trench
for Caltrain since 2008 when I was featured in an article of the Palo Alto
                                                                         Page 75 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
