                         TRANSCRIPT
7.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Approving Revisions to
     the Number and Wording of the Architectural Review Findings in Palo
     Alto Municipal Code Chapter 18.76 and Approval of an Exemption
     Under Sections 15061 and 15305 of the California Environmental
     Quality Act Guidelines. The Planning and Transportation Commission
     Recommended Council Approval of the Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: We will now continue to Item Number 7, which is the Ordinance
revising Architectural Review Findings with input from the Architectural
Review Board and the Planning and Transportation Commission. Welcome
back.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official: Good evening. May I begin? Chief
Planning Official Amy French here. We've been at this for 11 months with 11
hearings including the Architectural Review Findings. We're here with our
current proposal in Hearing Number 12. As noted here, the ARB has had
three hearings, two last year an done this year on the ARB Findings. The
Planning and Transportation Commission held five hearings this year, four
last year and one this year. Council held three hearings, one last year and
two this year. The six Findings that we are proposing reflect at least six
goals for good design, using the best aspects of the existing Architectural
Review Findings and purpose and including new key phrases to clarify and
enhance the public's understanding. They key to the changes we have are
underlined. These were the Council proposed changes on April 11th. We
have in red what the ARB and the Planning and Transportation Commission
proposed.    I just want to note quickly that everybody supported the
preamble change, that each of the following applicable Findings is met.
Under Finding 1—I should just take a moment to say that Council's
recommendation, the piece about the compatibility requirements borrowed
from the SOFA II requirements, were suggested as standards for projects
Citywide at the Council meeting. Staff noted this and took a parallel
structure opportunity with Finding 1 to say just like Context Based Criteria
are related to the Zoning Code, compatibility requirements are related to
coordinated area plans. We put that in there. That was supported by ARB
and Planning Commission. We put a single phrase in Finding 2 with support,
is compatible with its setting. Again, emphasizing compatibility. That's for
Citywide projects, compatible with its setting. The harmonious transitions
must be provided to both adjacent existing uses and land use designations
which can be different than the current uses on the site. With Finding 3,
integrated is a positive word used to enhance the Finding, to capture the
phrase that Council put forward, that employed the word "avoid." With
Finding 4, this is the ARB's offering, that traffic better captured the intent
there, rather than the word access, and made better sense. We have with
Finding 5 the concept of indigenous translated over to climate appropriate.
                                                                       Page 81 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
