                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt:    Finally, Council Members'        Questions,   Comments          and
Announcements. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: If you all remember in my last meeting as President
of the Peninsula Division of the League of California Cities, we had dinner in
Mountain View last week. The presentation was really excellent, primarily
done by the woman who's heading up housing for San Jose. The most
interesting part is she gave two examples of teacher housing here in the Bay
Area. One is called Caῆada Vista, which is in San Mateo County. The other
is Casa de Maestro, which is in Santa Clara. They're both fairly good-sized
teacher housing projects. They are meant for teachers that are in their first
three years, not after that. Apparently they're asked to move on. They built
these without any tax credits, and they were built on school land. I found
that interesting.    We've talked so many times about how do you do
affordable housing. This is affordable housing. It has been extremely
successful.

Mayor Burt: Can you clarify who built them and who funded them?

Council Member Kniss: The school district built them, and the school district
funded them. They said they did it without tax credits. I think Marc may
not have heard that part of it, but my recollection is they did it without tax
credits, which is unusual. I'm glad to find out the name of the woman who
spoke to us; her first name was Jackie. I don't remember the rest of her
name. It was a particularly good program and very encouraging to see that
affordable housing is being done for teachers in the Bay Area and not
without a lot of interaction with the neighborhood of course.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I went to the NTD Health Expo this weekend at
Mitchell Community Center. I got there late. I think the Mayor actually
spoke there. It was pretty interesting. It was a Chinese community health
expo. It would be great if maybe next year when we do our general health
expo, we could combine the two into one.

Mayor Burt: Yes, they were not aware of our Palo Alto Health Expo that was
two weeks before. This NTD Expo was basically a regional one they
happened to want to do in Palo Alto to engage our community. It was a
good affair. I got cupped there. My back feels better. I just want to add
that at the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA) meeting, we
had an update on efforts we're having with Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) to
attempt to have them commence their gas pipeline construction this year in
                                                                       Page 99 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
