                          TRANSCRIPT
we do have the option because you have the Staff resources; it just will take
you longer. If I'm repeating that incorrectly, clarify. That's what I heard.

Mr. Keene: I think you'll hear from the public too and weigh in yourself. I
think that there's some triage factor here. Everything is not entirely equal.
One of the things we want to think about is how quickly we can improve the
worst conditions. I think those need to be factors when we look at what the
scaling of these projects would be.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If we did have an interest in the Crescent Park one of
saying just go ahead and annex them to the Downtown RPP district, which
then would be subject to the selling of permits and would be that. We could
do that, I suppose, or could we not do that because I heard it was closed. Is
there a reason we couldn't do that tonight on a technical basis? I'm trying
not to give a value judgment. I'm not saying I want to do that. I'm just
technically is that an option on the table or is it not on the table.

Ms. Gitelman: If Council's interested in going in that direction, it involves a
change to the Resolution establishing the Downtown RPP. We'd have to
bring that back. As those of you who participated in the Downtown RPP
discussions know, we're coming back around the August timeframe with a
report back on the RPP for Downtown. It was intended to be kind of a status
update or an informational report. It would have to actually be an Action
Item to amend the resolution if that's the Council's desire.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I have a couple of questions about
the cost estimates, starting I guess with Crescent Park. My main questions
revolve around the annual enforcement costs. Would it really cost—we're
talking about a couple hundred yards at most of street. Does it really cost
$35,000 a year to enforce just those couple of blocks?

Ms. Atkinson: That's an estimate based on contracting the enforcement out
as in the Downtown RPP district. If Crescent Park were annexed into the
Downtown RPP district, the cost would be significantly less, because we do
have existing enforcement. If it was enforcement of a new program with
different requirements, they can't simply have an expanded boundary for
somebody to have as part of their beat. It would be an entirely different
enforcement officer.

Council Member Berman: That makes sense. Thank you. For Southgate
and Evergreen, if we were to do both at once, would there be any
                                                                        Page 72 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
