                          TRANSCRIPT
completion of their tasks especially in light of the short window we have to
respond to the FAA. These concrete steps should include staying well
informed, you speaking up for Palo Alto and neighboring communities. We
are pleased that Council Member Filseth has taken an interest in this matter.
In our view, a City Staff member and a City Council Member should attend
the National Aviation Noise and Pollution Symposium sponsored by UC
(University of California) Davis in February. I am a librarian, and I believe
that knowledge is power. All major stakeholders in the aviation industry will
be at that conference, and Palo Alto should be there too. In a New York
Times column today, titled "Michigan's Great Stink," Paul Krugman defines a
public good as "things that benefit everyone and can't be provided by the
private sector." Sky Posse neighbors, we're just that; we're neighbors.
Many of us work full-time. We are raising families. Some of us are retired
and had hoped to live out our lives here in relative peace. What brings us all
together is the fact that living many miles distant from major airports we
never expected to be part of an airport runway and all the resulting noise
and pollution. As private citizens, we can work with Eshoo, the FAA, SFO
and other cities, but to be effective and fair to the public which relies on our
governing bodies to work together, your leadership is what will make the
difference. Each of you are part of the solution. Quieter skies and cleaner
air are a public good. We urge you to make achieving equitable solutions
within the region a primary City Priority for 2016. There are solutions that
can eliminate or reduce the concentration of low and loud aircraft over Palo
Alto, but we need your leadership to defend and argue these solutions.
What do you think, neighbors, should they make it a Priority? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock, and that's our
final speaker.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members, today the Attorney General
of California issued the title and summary of the chief purpose and points of
a proposed initiative measure to suspend the High Speed Rail project and to
prohibit the issuance or sale of future bonds for the High Speed Rail project.
I'll provide the City Clerk with copies of the title and summary, the text of
the measure and the fiscal impact analysis for inclusion in the next Council
Packet. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Just to clarify for members of the public who are here, the
Council is not permitted to have dialog on un-agendized items. We'll be
having discussion on this at our Retreat and elsewhere, but we are not
allowed to discuss it tonight. Thank you. We hope that many of you will
stick around for other exciting things on the Agenda.



                                                                         Page 10 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
