                          TRANSCRIPT
talk about affordable housing, but that's subsidized. I don't know quite how
we're going to continue to reference this. I would ask you all to come up
with some terminology that we can use.             Big difference between our
subsidized housing, for which there are waiting lists all over town that are
extremely long. I think we need some other mechanism for saying we need
more housing that people can afford and in a different way. That in
particular I would like to see us, particularly with Fry's, look at something as
to what we do in the future. Parks have been thrown around rather
casually. I still think we have a lot—if I can remember now—4,200 acres of
parkland. Am I correct? I'm right in the ballpark if I'm not right on. The
largest one, of course, being Foothill. We talk casually about buying land for
parks. I don't think there's any land in this community right now that is
under—what amount per square foot would you say, Hillary? I want to grab
a small park, half an acre. What's that going to cost me? It can't be under
$5 million, no matter what. When we're discussing casually we need more
parks in our community, I think we have to think carefully about where the
money comes from for the capital costs and then we've got to think of the
operating costs at the same time. Some reality has to be built into what
we're talking about. I think we're just retreading some of this now. I said
before that I agreed with the Vice Mayor; I still do. I don't see Stanford
Research Park needing to have these incredible controls put on them. I'm
not even sure the Downtown needs to be limited in terms of how large the
companies can get who are there. I would suggest—I don't want to give you
any more work to do, but if we were to look back 30 years, I don't know
when large companies began first coming into town. I am guessing that
probably Deck [phonetic] was one of the first ones in the early '90s. Do any
of you remember this off the top of your head? Many big companies have
come and then left. I would not think it would be a great deal different from
what it is then. Again, I worry about being too prescriptive. What number
do you give to a company? You can only have 300 people, you can only
have—I don't know. What is a rational number you would give to a
company to say as soon as you hit that number, you're out of town? I think
that's troubling, once again, to get that precise. That's long enough for the
moment. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a few comments. One, I would like to thank
the CAC for what they've done. I know I made a lot of noise about L-8, but
I think that's the Council's responsibility as much as anything. The work
you've done—I sat through a number of meetings.             Well organized,
thoughtful, everyone participating. It was really helpful. I have just five
comments. One on the height limit. I think the 50-foot height limit in place
now for 40, 45 years has been extremely helpful to Palo Alto to maintain the
                                                                        Page 96 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
