                          TRANSCRIPT
I think it's important now that we not add on too many burdens to
completing the project, especially given the long time that it's taken just to
get to this point. I think it's great that we'll be adding local renewable
energy and all the other secondary benefits including, which we talk about a
lot, resiliency but also community education of solar. When people go and
park on these top floors, they'll see the solar and that just makes different
types of renewable generation of electricity more real and tangible to people.
There's value in that. I think it's a great project, and I'm excited to see it be
finished.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I have a number of comments. First I actually
just wanted to ask a quick question if I may of Staff. I may have misheard a
member of the public who was speaking. Mr. Cohen, on behalf of the
Parking Assessment District, said some of these structures are owned by the
Parking Assessment District. I wanted to clarify that that is—managed.
These parking structures are currently managed by the Parking Assessment
District or managed by the City. I wanted to hear clarification from Staff.

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager/Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Council
Member. The City does the assessment and collects the funds from the
property owners for the garages. It's considered a City asset. Our duty is
to ensure that the parking permits that were allocated are maintained. We
do provide the maintenance of the facilities themselves. We do pass on
some of that cost to a separate part of the parking district. There's two
pieces. There's an assessment piece that paid for the building of the
garages themselves, and then there's a fee for the permit which helps pay
for the maintenance.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for clarifying. I'd like to first say I
agree with everything that Council Member Berman said as the maker of the
Motion. As we heard somebody mention earlier today, we essentially are
our own customers in a sense. This was something that we'd asked for.
This is pursuant to a City goal, which is to have locally generated solar. We
have had the discussion about what it takes to get locally generated solar.
That doesn't always mean that we pay the lowest amount we could possibly
for energy anywhere, because we see a particular value in having locally
generated solar. We've had that policy discussion as a Council, as a
community, and we've come to that conclusion. To address the concerns
raised about the rate structure, we've had that discussion as a Council.
We've come to that conclusion, that in some cases it's worth doing that so
we have a local benefit. I also really want to emphasize the benefit of
having—for the user experience, for residents or anyone who's parking in a

                                                                         Page 56 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
