                          TRANSCRIPT
quality, health benefits, all of the things that our urban forest contributes
that currently we calculate at about $18 million a year in ecosystem services
that's returned back to the community. We're going to reduce that amount
of ecosystem service, and we're going to save a little bit of money, but
(crosstalk) ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are we being penny wise, pound foolish or not?

Mr. Passmore: In part. We have to make tough choices with the budget. If
we had an opportunity to go back to the 7-year cycle at some point, then
we'd be able to minimize that difference in ecosystem services.

Mr. Keene:     Mr. Vice Mayor, if I just might jump in here.       My own
recommendation is—the difference between the 7 and 10-year cycle is $1
million over a 3-year period. We're talking about lots of competing choices.
I have a hard time seeing why even a test of the next three years or less, if
we get data or info that we're on the wrong track, there's nothing that
precludes us from being able to go out and readjust our schedule downward.
I'd suggest you consider staying with the 10-year cycle.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I appreciate that. It's probably where I'll end up. I did
want to say that—the other thing was Council Member Filseth said that
capital projects suffer in budgets.         The other thing that suffers is
maintenance. This is a maintenance issue. Cities tend not to do a good job
on maintenance. That's where they tend to cut. I'm also concerned,
frankly, that this is the up cycle. Things don't get better than this. Winter is
coming. I always wanted to say that. The recession is going to come.
Things don't get better than this. If we're cutting the services now, that just
concerns me. I'll probably go with it, but I do think it's an unfortunate thing.
I'm not entirely comfortable with it. The other thing I wanted to ask about
was the Downtown parking wayfinding. What bothers me most in this is we
show a picture of the type of parking sign that Mr. Keenan said we should
have. Yet, when I read this, that's not the parking signs we're getting. I'm
wondering are we again being penny wise, pound foolish in spend the
money, $600,000, on doing static wayfinding signs. Are we going to get
much for that as opposed to the kind of signs where I go to a parking garage
and it says there are 30 spaces left in this parking garage, there are 20
parking spaces left. We're not getting those, but those are actually helpful.
How helpful is this? Palo Alto is not that big.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Hillary
Gitelman, the Planning Director, again. I'll just add a couple of things to
your conversation on this topic. I think it was mid-April the Council heard a
presentation on both of these projects. We've always seen these as two

                                                                             Page 50 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
