                          TRANSCRIPT
years. Four weeks ago, we requested that the Downtown RPP Phase 2
update be pulled from the Consent Calendar in order to make you aware of
the fact that the update published by the City Staff on August 15th
presented an incomplete picture of how RPP is actually functioning in the
residential neighborhoods adjacent to the Downtown core, a point several of
you have made note of. Needless to say, we were and we are quite gratified
that you responded unanimously to our request. While there is no question
that Phase 2 significantly improved the quality of life for many of the
residents in Downtown North and Downtown South, it did not do so in an
equitable and fair manner. As a result and somewhat ironically I might add,
the very groups of residents who initiated the RPP program several years
ago in an effort to restore the quality of life in our over-parked residential
neighborhoods are now the ones suffering the most thanks to continuing
poor distribution of nonresident parking closest to the Downtown business
core. On September 1st, Neilson Buchanan provided you via email maps
and a nonresident permit parking data worksheet that clearly show how
inequitably nonresident vehicles loads are currently distributed throughout
the ten RPP zones. As a result, we're here this evening to present you with
a list of eight actions that we believe would significantly improve the
shortcomings we have been experiencing since Phase 2 began in April.
Please keep in mind these actions represent the unanimous consensus of the
five original RPP residential stakeholders who have continued to work to
improve the Downtown RPP program, even after the Staff officially
disbanded the stakeholder working group several months ago. We would
like you to know that our informal discussions with City Staff have convinced
us that no further significant action to improve the Downtown RPP program
will happen unless you as a City Council specifically direct City Staff to do so
by addressing each of the eight actions the next speaker on this topic will
present to you in just a moment. In short, improving the quality of
residential neighborhood life throughout Palo Alto is at stake. Improving the
Downtown RPP program is a major component of that. It's dependent on
your actions here this evening. We hope for the best. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is John Guislin, to be followed by
Richard Brand.

John Guislin: Council Members, my name is John Guislin, and I'm a member
of the gang of five, the RPP residents' stakeholder group. We have spent
considerable time working on ways we think the RPP program can be better.
Here are eight suggestions for you. Number 1, immediately reduce the
number of available nonresidents permits from the arbitrarily set 2,000
number to 1,500 in order to prevent additional intrusion into residential
neighborhoods. We've only sold 1,350. It seems a good time to start the
reduction now because the demand is not there. Number 2, reduce the
                                                                        Page 88 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
