                          TRANSCRIPT
culture for it. That's my advocacy for that. I mention and raise the question
about park funding. When the item for moving GreenWaste from the current
location over to the Los Altos Treatment Plant (LATP) site came up, I didn't
get a dollar amount, and I don't know if you happen to have a dollar amount
off the top of your head. I should have asked this earlier. I'm really
interested and hope there would be some Council Member support of taking
this space that's rented out to non-GreenWaste contractors and such, taking
that money that's rental income there, transferring it from going into the
General Fund to—that is right at the edge of the Baylands. It could be
parkland. Transfer that money into the parks fund and not into the General
Fund, where it goes for non-specific purposes. I know fees are coming to
us. I'm not sure if our parks fees are up to date. I look forward to learning
about that. Dog park you've heard a lot about. One comment in addition to
what Audubon or Sierra Club or Canopy—I think we've maybe heard from all
three of those groups about appropriate locations for dog parks.              I
mentioned two to Rob also. I have a dog that's like Velcro. If you put him
on a dog park or a run where there's a lot of dropping from trees, I'm going
to have a dog that weighs five more pounds when I take him home because
of everything he's carrying with him. From the ecological standpoint but
also from the practical standpoint, I think dog runs more out in the open are
more appropriate. I don't remember seeing anything about—some people
will know that I've almost harped on this at points in time. Sterling Canal,
what's the status of Sterling Canal? That's actually a question. How could
we put that into some kind of open space, maybe not community gardens?
That seemed to have not worked out. How could we put that into some kind
of community garden space? I think we ought to increase our requirements
for public open space for mixed use and multifamily projects. That space
should be maintained by the developer. It's going to be used maybe the
most by the people how live there, and that's fine. It's going to be used by
others as well. It should be the developer who pays for that. The reason I
mention this is because of a project that I don't need to name. There was
some open space there, planted and deeded to the City, but no maintenance
funds. It just became a burden on the City to try to pay for and maintain.
You probably know where I'm talking about, Rob, from nodding your head.
It just became a burden on the City to maintain that once they got it. Why
not have the developer pay for that, because it benefits the people living
there too? Data driven, absolutely, I agree with Ed. Thank you to the Parks
and Rec Commissioners. I hope everyone of you reapplies because you're a
fantastic Commission.      You're just really fantastic, dedicated, smart,
intelligent, you name it. Please, all of you reapply. Agree with the listing of
the sites that Enid Pearson sent along. I think a lot of those are vulnerable
to being taken over by something else over time. Again, this is why it needs
to be a 50-year Plan. Somebody might say nothing's going to happen to
those in the next 10 years, but what about 50 years? I think a referral back
                                                                       Page 17 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
