                          TRANSCRIPT
that would be approved for future inclusion if the residents so desire. That
would be done through an administrative petition and survey process. The
employee parking zones are also the same as when we were here last. Ten
zones, looking more at a horizontal distribution that includes basically both
sides of the block face in one zone to avoid confusion and to help with
enforcement. The resident permits would be valid throughout the Downtown
RPP Zone, and employees would purchase an annual permit for a specific
zone. The annual employee permit limit is that cap of 2,000 employee
permits directed by Council, distributed throughout those ten Downtown
Zones. These numbers were based on the available on-street parking
spaces and keep an average occupancy rate throughout all of those zones.
In response to Council direction from February 1st, we've included a
mechanism proposing employee permit reduction over time in the Downtown
RPP District. For this year, starting with the employee permit cap of 2,000
annual employee permits, reducing those long-term permits over time, over
about 10 years, and removing approximately 10 percent or roughly 200
permits annually. Staff's proposal is to reduce the permits from the outside
of the District inward. The first reduction in permits would occur in the outer
zones, and then move inward annually. The Downtown RPP Resolution in
providing for that proposed annual permit reduction does specify that it
would be approximately 200 permits per year based on data analysis and
occupancy counts. I just wanted to take a moment to go through the data
collection that Staff is setting up throughout this first year. That would be
mirrored in subsequent years, scheduling a data collection firm to be on-
street once monthly, roughly five times between now and December. That
data will help to inform both the permit allocation by zone and also the
annual reduction recommendations. Just remembering through all steps of
the process that Phase Two is still part of the pilot, and that we're using both
this quantitative and qualitative data and feedback to help us determine if
it's working. If it's not, how we can adjust things moving forward. Looking
at Phase One permit sales, in terms of total employee annual permit sales,
we're at about 1,600 permits right now, roughly equally split between
standard price permits and reduced price permits. Starting in August, about
1,000 employee daily permits have been sold. In terms of resident permits,
there are about 4,300 permits that have been obtained by residents in Phase
One. That's from August through last week essentially. In looking at the
total universe of employee parking, I suppose, and in keeping with what
Jessica reminded us of in terms of the three-legged stool, RPP is just one
program in terms of parking and transportation in Palo Alto. I wanted to
present data as of last week regarding the Downtown garage permits.
Downtown lots and garages are another option for employees to be parking.
There are about 3,000 permits that are available throughout the Downtown
lots and garages. As of last week, between available permits, primarily in
Cowper-Webster, there is still a number of permits available, a few in the
                                                                            Page 7 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
