                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Motion approved by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council
Member Berman. Please vote. That passes unanimously, 9-0.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: We next move on to the Consent Calendar. We actually have
one speaker who would wish to speak, Herb Borock, speaking on Item
Number 4. Welcome.

Herb Borock, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 4: Thank you, Mayor
Burt. This paving contract proposal includes some items related to bicycle
and pedestrian improvements. The Staff Report is written to indicate that
these are essentially implementing decisions that you've already made;
however, this past week I noticed that there was a traffic circle installed at
the intersection of Cowper and Coleridge, which is one of the ones that's on
this contract. The signage for that traffic circle indicates that it's a pilot
project and a test period from April to July of this year. I was wondering
what the relationship of that is to the statement in the Staff Report that
approving that tonight is implementing a plan that we already have. That
got to the question of are these paving projects implementation of decisions
the Council has made or is it the voting tonight that's approving that policy
and just what the relationship is with that pilot project. If it's a pilot project,
then it sounds like maybe there might not be a traffic circle there after the
test period. That was the anomaly that I noticed, and I was unable on my
own to figure it out. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Mr. City Manager, I wonder if you might be able to comment
briefly on the relationship between this Item 4, the paving project, and some
elements of it that are part of the Bike Master Plan that are only as yet
approved on a pilot basis.

James Keene, City Manager: Can you help out, Mr. Mayor? I'm not sure I
exactly understand the question or the nexus there, and then I'd be happy
to weigh in.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff, why don't you go ahead?

Vice Mayor Scharff: City Manager Keene, as Mr. Borock noticed, which I
hadn't noticed before this meeting either, when you drive by on the
Coleridge/Cowper intersection, there's a traffic circle there. There's big
signs that say this is a pilot program through July, which implies that citizen
feedback during the pilot program would be warranted. Item Number 4
seems to indicate as part of this that we'll have a new landscaped traffic
                                                                           Page 31 of 122
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/16/16
