                         TRANSCRIPT
water runoff. I also ask for groundwater sampling, indoor and outdoor air
sampling along California Avenue in College Terrace. Please note that in
spite of all the spills and plumes adjacent to our neighborhood, there has
been never a single monitoring device in College Terrace.            Other
neighborhoods in Palo Alto that are adjacent to the Research Park, like
Barron Park, had extensive testing done. Thank you for your attention and
consideration.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Lenore Cymes to be followed by Carla Carvalho.

Lenore Cymes: Hi. Thank you for your attention tonight. First, I want to
thank Karen Holman for doing a great job last year as Mayor.               We
appreciated your effort. Mayor Burt, good luck. I'm here to talk about a
level of accountability on the part of Sand Hill to the neighbors in the
Edgewood Shopping Center area. I personally don't have a Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions (CC&R) vote. Those people who do have a CC&R
vote gave up a considerable amount of space to Sand Hill to build ten $3
million houses which have been sold. We've lost that parking lot. There was
a historic building on the site of the shopping center that was supposed to be
maintained. It was an accident, and it was taken down. Somehow the
$90,000 from a company the size of Sand Hill doesn't seem to compensate
for that level of, shall we say, inattentiveness. The third thing is in
exchange for those two things in a way was the grocery store. We keep
coming back to this grocery store; it won't go away. The big thing at this
point is what they're being fined per day. This is not about being punitive.
This is about the City holding those people who sign a contract, who make
an agreement with the City the way anybody would make an agreement with
you to construct something on your house or fulfill an agreement to some
work that they're going to do, that it gets done. I'm glad to hear that
Andronico's is supposedly going to happen. I'm possibly a little pessimistic.
It seems to come up every time Sand Hill has to become accountable to
something. If it really is true, then there's no reason not to hold them to a
much higher fine every day according to what College Terrace is going to
get. IT would also be valuable or the City Council to think about having one
law or process or whatever you want to call it for wherever there's a PC and
a grocery store. You don't have one for College Terrace, and you don't have
one for Edgewood, and you don't have one for Alma. There's one planned
within the entire City. I think Sand Hill has to pay because if they're going
to pay, they're going to really push for Andronico's to move. There's no
incentive for them to have to hurry this up if the Council and the City
Manager is going to take their time. It's almost a year. March will be a year
that Fresh Market has been gone. I really hope you reconsider what the fine
is going to be. If the fine is there, they have to feel it. At $5,000 a day, I

                                                                          Page 9 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
