                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “evaluating regulation
triggers if mitigation measures are failing.” (New Part F)

Mayor Burt: Can you clarify what you mean by a regulation trigger if
mitigation measures are—I see. If mitigation measures, okay.

Council Member DuBois; That's it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. Thank you to everyone from the
public who came and spoke and rightfully went home. I hope they're
hanging out with their kids or spouses. The City Manager started to speak
to some things that I wanted to talk about. We talk a lot about impact, and
we talk a lot of traffic, and we talk a lot about parking, and we talk a lot
about start-ups versus big companies. We haven't been talking a lot about
people. It is Palo Altans, and it is people who live here now, and it's people
who are being forced out of here. It's not just people's kids that want to
come and move back home. It's families that are having their rents increase
dramatically and are being forced to move away. I've been talking to a lot
of people in the area about a lot of things. They say, "Why should I care?
Why should I care about this? Why should I care about that? What I should
about more housing?" The question that I ask them is what kind of a
community do they want to live in and what kind of community do they want
their kids to grow up in? Having grown up in Palo Alto, I know how
important it was to me in the '80s and '90—Cory, can relate—to have friends
from a vast array of socioeconomic backgrounds and what values that instills
in you as a child growing up in Palo Alto. It is getting worse and worse and
worse. The reason for that isn't because—the idea isn't that everybody
should be able to move to Palo Alto and buy a home. I think that's what
some people talk to. In terms of quality of life, what mechanisms do we use
to evaluate the value of having some amount of socioeconomic diversity in
your city? Maybe that's not a priority to folks; it is to me personally. I don't
know how to quantify, but I know that we're losing it. We hear that from
people time and time again who come and speak to Council and talk about
how the price of their rent has gone up. There's a Staff Report in Mountain
View tomorrow that's going to say that rents have increased 50 percent in
Mountain View since 2011. I'm sure Palo Alto isn't any better. When we
talk about it's impossible to have additional housing or we can't have that
much more housing, if we can do it in a way that mitigates the impact of it,
that's something that I think we should be open to. I think that's part of this
EIR process and DEIR process, to throw crazy ideas out there and see what
some back and see what might be possible. I fear that we're getting too

                                                                          Page 54 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
