                         TRANSCRIPT
cumulative condition for the project to contribute to any mitigation
measures. This is just a map to reiterate for folks where those two
intersections are. Intersection No. 3 is where Hanson Way provides access
to the project site. That's where the existing project effect would occur, and
the mitigation would be required. Intersection No. 2 is where the long-term
cumulative impact would be expected to occur, but the project would not
contribute to that impact. As I mentioned, we looked at project alternatives.
CEQA requires that you consider alternatives that would still meet most of
the project's basic objectives, but could avoid or reduce any of the project's
significant impacts. With this project, we did not find any significant and
unavoidable impacts.       That means that even if an alternative would
somewhat reduce some of the impacts, there is no obligation on the City's
part under CEQA to adopt one of the alternatives. You don't have any sign
and unavoidable impacts that you are trying to avoid. We did look at the
no-project alternative which is required under CEQA which was to leave the
buildings in place and assume that they're occupied at the baseline level that
we determined. It's inherent in CEQA that you find no impacts under the
no-project alternative because it's just a continuation of the existing
conditions. We also looked at a reduced project alternative where we limited
the square footage of the building. Assuming that the new project would be
all office space, we found that the amount of office space that would
generate the same amount of traffic as is generated under the baseline
condition. This resulted in a somewhat smaller overall footprint of the
building which slightly reduces the impacts. Air quality impacts would be
slightly reduced; noise impacts would be slightly reduced. Because the
proposed project doesn't have any sign and unavoidable impacts, the fact
that this alternative slightly reduces those impacts does not require the City
to adopt that alternative. If the project had significant and unavoidable
impacts, then CEQA requires that you adopt feasible alternatives and
mitigation measures to avoid those. Under the reduced project alternative,
those impacts would be slightly reduced and the same set of mitigation
measures would still apply. Just to wrap up. This slide summarizes the
various hearings that the project has gone through. The Planning and
Transportation Commission did recommend certification of the EIR. The
certification under CEQA indicates that the City has reviewed the EIR, that
the EIR meets CEQA's requirements to evaluate the physical and
environmental effects of the proposed project. Certification would also
indicate that the City agrees that the Final EIR reflects the City's
independent judgment and analysis. CEQA requires that if you certify an
EIR, you must also adopt findings of fact and a Mitigation Monitoring and
Reporting Program.        The mitigation program defines the timing and
monitoring responsibilities of the City and the project applicant to ensure
that all of the mitigation measures are implemented correctly. If the Council

                                                                        Page 46 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
