                          TRANSCRIPT
Preferential Parking Program Phase 2 (RPP) or adjustments to RPP in
response to the Bicycle Boulevard Plan.” (New Part C)

Mayor Burt: I'll just briefly say that I think Staff and the consultants have
developed a better and continually improved and refined plan in response to
feedback from the community. I think one of the latest things that we heard
is that we're eliminating the sharrows on Bryant, which was a concern that
was expressed by a good number of members of the community. My
understanding is that sharrows are not necessarily significant safety
benefits, so there's not a loss to effective safe biking as a result of that. I
think that overall we were national leaders in biking in the '60s and '70s and
remained near the top nationally largely because of the great success of our
Safe Routes to School program. What we're doing right now is the first real
significant reinvestment in our Bike Plan since the '70s. This is a major step
for our community. There's a great deal of opportunity that, as Council
Member Berman stated, benefits everybody. Supervisor Simitian told me a
story that I think I had said recently, but I'll say it again. Back in the '90s
when there was significant discussion on biking. Supervisor Simitian was
very supportive of it. His best friend, Council Member Fazzino, said, "Joe,
why are you so supportive and worried about the biking? You haven't been
on your bike in 20 years." Supervisor Simitian said, "That may be true, but
every person who's on the bike means that I've got one fewer car on the
street and one more parking space for me to park. I think it's great that
they're doing it." It really benefits everybody. I think this is a win for the
entire community. I do want to add that back 20 years ago, when I was
involved in neighborhood traffic calming initiatives, there was a study on
roundabouts that I still remember roughly the statistics. I have to dig it up
in my files. Before roundabouts are installed, the support for them is around
50 percent. After they're installed, it goes up to around 90 percent. There
are apprehensions and then the experience is strikingly different from what
the apprehensions were before they went in. I see Council Member Holman
has a light.

Council Member Holman: I'm just going to throw this out there. On these
streets, some of them are wider streets and (inaudible) upcoming, but I'll
stick to this right now. I've also been a proponent, as Stefan Heck's
comments indicated, of separating bicycles and pedestrians from cars. It
may sound like an odd suggestion—it's not even a suggestion. It's a
question. On the wider streets, is there any opportunity to introduce trees,
say, mid-block or along the avenues as opposed to just adding landscape at
the corners? Trees have all kinds of environmental impacts. They slow
traffic. They make it safer for bicycles. It's not exactly separate, because
you're still going to have cars parked at the curb. Interestingly, we have
rolled curbs in a lot of our South Palo Alto neighborhoods. That actually isn't
                                                                        Page 54 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
