                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I agree a lot with what Tom said in terms of wanting to
get this process started and wanting to move forward. I'm reminded of
2009 when I ran. First of all, the business license tax was on there. One of
the things we ran on was infrastructure. We had this supposedly $500
million backlog in infrastructure. There was lots of discussions about it.
How would we ever solve it? I remember when I got on the Council, I really
wanted to tackle the infrastructure process. I talked to Larry Klein about it.
I said, "Larry"—we were on Finance together—"how do we get this going?
You've been on Council forever. I think you've been on Council longer than
everyone added up together at that time." Larry said, "The first thing we
need to do is define the problem and figure out how we solve it. We need to
put together a blue ribbon task force, and we need to come up with what are
the actual projects that need to be done. People threw out numbers of 300,
500 million. We need to know what needs to be done, how much money it's
going to take, and we start from there. Once we know what the projects
are, how much money they're going to cost, we then need to come up with a
funding plan." We did; we came up with a funding plan. As part of that
funding plan, we came up with a TOT tax. There was unanimous agreement
on Council that this was the way to go. There wasn't some people thought
we should do it, some people thought we shouldn't do it. Everyone thought
we should do it. The only disagreement was, frankly, whether or not it
should be 15 percent or 14 percent. That was the only real, substantive
disagreement amongst the Council. I think these are real issues that we
need to solve. I think if we rush forward—that's been the hardest lesson
I've learned in the last—what is it now? Seven years on Council. My natural
inclination is always to try and rush in and fix the problem and not go
through the Palo Alto process, which frankly I find frustrating, slow,
cumbersome, takes far longer than I'd ever like. Any time we ever try and
short circuit that process, there's this error, there's defeat. It always falls
apart. We need to bring everyone along; the community expects it. I think
we should definitely move forward tonight but not on putting it on the ballot
in 2016. I think that it was way too rushed. Frankly, that's what polled.
Two-thirds of the people thought it's a rushed plan. I think that's the
tension on the Council. I think we'd have unanimous support for moving
forward if we took a step back and said how do we do this in a way that
garners that unanimous support on Council and garners the support in the
community. If we move too quickly on this and we put it on the ballot, I
think it has the smell of disaster. The Weekly wrote a very strong editorial
against this. When people put the tax in 2009—I'll just pause for a second
and ask a question. In 2009, did we do any polling on the business license
tax?

                                                                         Page 79 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
