                         TRANSCRIPT
question the process around which emergency approvals for tree removal
are made. I think this is doing a disservice to not give more time for public
discussion and second opinions. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Lynn Krug, to be followed by Town Brady.

Lynn Krug: Good evening, City Council Members, Mayor Burt, Ed Shikada,
our Assistant City Manager. I'm Lynn Krug. I'm Chapter Chair of the City of
Palo Alto Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Chapter employees.
I'm here tonight to ask you to strongly consider keeping the animal shelter
as a community animal shelter. I'm here with City of Palo Alto employees,
community members and the animal shelter employees themselves. I
believe that knowing our SEIU City employees are background checked and
fingerprinted ensures our City of Palo Alto community physical safety and
document safety. That's not always the case with some contracts the City
has. We want to know that our community can celebrate our animal shelter
and we have alternatives to contracting out. We believe that only one
bidder makes the one bidder in control. We want to please keep the Palo
Alto animal shelter within Palo Alto. Knowing that City employees at the
animal shelter ensure the quality of care and full service they offer is
important to our Palo Alto community. As a longtime Palo Alto resident
myself, I wish to preserve our community animal shelter. My own cat,
Dusty, was saved by the Palo Alto animal shelter. We adopted Dusty at the
animal shelter as a kitten in 2006. We love Dusty. Once a celebrated poster
cat for the cat codependency healing center—don't ask—Dusty had to be
given up for adoption when after eight years our rent was too much and we
couldn't take the cat with us. Dusty had been sick for many years from the
time of adoption, but we had kept him healthy and well and footed all the
doctor bills. At eight years old, when most centers would not accept a cat
this old and sick, Dusty was accepted for adoption by the Palo Alto animal
shelter, and he received his needed diet and medical attention. Dusty, with
his chronic medical issues, would not have been accepted necessarily by
Pets in Need. I am so grateful to know that Dusty is now a member of a
new family and celebrating his life here in Palo Alto as are we. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Town Brady, to be followed by
Joan Dixon.

Town Brady: Good evening, Mayor, City Council. I'm a volunteer at the
shelter. Pets in Need does a fine job of rescuing cats and small dogs, but
that does not mean they have the experience necessary to handle the
challenges of managing a full-service, municipal animal shelter. Let me
explain. A full-service animal shelter needs to accept animals that are
surrendered by their owners. Pets in Need currently does not accept

                                                                      Page 11 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
