                         TRANSCRIPT
RPP discussion earlier this evening, a fairly brief one. There was reference
to we've only got money for one RPP this next year. For me, it seems like—
again looking at the first round as a first round and more general. If we get
more specific about—if we were to expand the shuttle system by X, it would
cost X number of dollars which the City does not currently have. If we got
to that kind of more specificity, I would like to know what the community
have to say in response to that. Going back to 2009 for the prior business
license tax, my recollection of that. I wasn't on Council yet, but I was
running for Council. My recollection of that was that a great reason why it
didn't pass—my personal observations—was that it wasn't clear enough what
was going to be happening with the funding. It was not written in a way
that—it's a tax on the business, so what are the businesses getting? What's
going to improve the situation for businesses, let alone the community?
Again, our first sweep at this was just a general thing. We haven't done the
outreach. It is a short timeline. We can always campaign to support the
VTA tax as well as a local tax. It's also not stated, though, that the VTA tax
funding which is critical and important to us, it also comes over a 30-year
period. That's not indicated, again, because this was a first sweep. The
other side of how much something costs that we don't have the money is
like how much money would be raised by this and how that could be
allocated to reduce—again give some specifics like it could reduce potential
X number of cars off the road, save X amount of greenhouse gases, things
that are important to the community and that people can relate to. I would
want to do a second round of polling. I agree with the Mayor. This is a first
sweep, and I think we haven't tapped the potential support that we could
generate yet.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: A question that I have with the VTA tax measure.
A certain percentage of it is going to go towards road and street repair. If
communities have a Pavement Condition Index (PCI) score of higher than
70, they can use that for whatever they want. Do we know what that
amount per year is? Or would be for Palo Alto?

Mr. Keene: I apologize. I don't have Palo Alto's share of that.

Mayor Burt: I did a back of the napkin, and I could be wrong. I think it
was—this was a month or two ago. Just trying to figure out that question. I
was ball-parking between a million and a million and a half a year to Palo
Alto. Hopefully I'm in the ballpark on that.

Council Member Berman: It's not insignificant. Is that money that could be
used towards some of these programs so that could be one area ...

                                                                       Page 126 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
