                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: That's right. It is related to the items that Council Member
Wolbach talked about. When we're talking about housing, how to stimulate
more housing in exchange for removing the sites on San Antonio, we need
to find areas where we're going to either increase existing residential
densities or convert some nonresidential FAR to residential. It's a little bit
tied up in that whole bundle of ideas.

Council Member DuBois: Again for me, this was one that should go in the
parking lot. I'd like to see it come before the Comp Plan. That's my two
cents.

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry. What number was that? Did you jump
to San Antonio?

Council Member DuBois: Number 39.

Council Member Holman: I thought you jumped to San Antonio Road.

Council Member DuBois: Can I get that added to the parking lot?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Council Member DuBois: Then 42 and 43 are yellow. Again, my preference
would be that they get attention. That's the IR program review and the
Eichler zoning ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we're in agreement with you. The memo we gave you
on the Eichler guidelines said that we can do that as a consultant-led effort,
presuming that we get this contingency funding in the FY 2017 budget.
We'll probably start that item after the Professorville Guidelines are
complete. This September is the target for that. The IR review we're going
to bring to the Planning Commission while the Council's on break. Those
two efforts are wrapping up. It's the perfect timing to initiate this new
project.

Council Member DuBois: One that I think was here a couple of years ago; I
think it could come back. It's red. Fifty-nine, the build-to line on El Camino
discussion.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: I have no idea. I also had corresponding ones that
I'd lower in priority. My last one to focus on was—I think we talked about it.
Maybe I'll go back and talk about the ones that I had lower priority on. I
have a feeling, again, this would be more for discussion. In order, going
back, Number 28, the Midtown connector project. I know we're in the
                                                                       Page 68 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
