                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I think it's going to work well eventually, but it has
been interesting initially. Lots of questions from residents asking about how
does this work. FYI.

Mr. Keene: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Those weren't the residents.          They're not Jordan School
students who got the training, right?

Council Member Kniss: No.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Moving on to Oral Communications. We have four cards from
members of the public. If anybody else wishes to speak, please come
forward to fill out a card. Each speaker will have up to three minutes to
speak. Our first speaker is Neva Yarkin, to be followed by Mary Sylvester.
Welcome.

Neva Yarkin: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. My name is Neva
Yarkin, and I live at 133 Churchill Avenue. I live on that first block of
Churchill Avenue where all the Paly students cross over Alma to get to
school. It is a traffic mess from 7:30 to 9:00 in the morning with bikes, cars
and backup from train crossing and continuing in the afternoon when school
is over. I do not park my car in my driveway, because I'm afraid of killing
someone entering or exiting my driveway on Churchill.                   Streets
Embarcadero, Alma and Churchill are already stretched to the limit. Since
traffic is a major problem in Palo Alto, I really don't understand how City
Council would even consider this major expansion of Castilleja, adding more
cars to this already congested area. If a vote were taken today in Palo Alto,
I'm sure the majority of citizens living in Palo Alto would vote against
Castilleja expanding and the buildup of traffic in this area. Let Castilleja go
back to 415 students and let traffic not continue to grow. Thank you so
much for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Mary Sylvester, to be followed
by Ken Horowitz. Welcome.

Mary Sylvester: Thank you. Mr. Mayor, City Council, I'm Mary Sylvester. I
live at 135 Melville Avenue, one-half block from Castilleja School. I've lived
on that block for 39 years raising two children. I'd like to bring up three
questions about Castilleja's recent Conditional Use Permit (CUP) application
as well as their master plan approval process. The three questions that I
bring up and associated comments are directed to the Council as well as
Ms. Freeman, Mr. Keene and the City's legal counsel. What does it take to
                                                                           Page 8 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
