                         TRANSCRIPT
cartons ahead of tonight's new restrictions on plastic foam. Even more
impressive, they've gone beyond our pending new requirements for
businesses to subscribe to the compost service. Rather than just compost
imperfect food products, they began an impressive food rescue program this
summer in partner with the Second Harvest Food Bank, donating the
equivalent of 6,300 meals to date. We did want to acknowledge to the
Council that. Two other items. In the department of unsung heroes, a
difficult holiday week of water, sewer and gas emergency work. I did want
to share that on an evening in late December, the City Utilities Department
received a call about a potential sanitary sewage blockage behind a
residence in the 800 block of Embarcadero. The blockage was in one of our
old sewer mains that runs to the back of the house rather than meeting the
private lateral sewer connection at the street.         Our City water, gas,
wastewater crews responded, were unable to clear the blockage using sewer
cleaning equipment. The area wasn't accessible using a backhoe. Steve
Cadrell, Josh Lawler, Keith Brunell and Jesus Baron had to hand dig the
entire job, a six foot deep hole to unblock the main. This is the kind of job
that happens every 1-2 years in that sort of situation. It's one of the most
physically difficult types we face, requiring 7-8 hours of manual shovel work.
It's just one of several difficult emergency jobs that happened over the
holidays. A number of other employees, Rick Sims, Robert Justice, Robert
Bishop, Danny Williams, Dan Mendoza, Paul Gutierrez, Richard Lizama, Jose
Miguel, Steve Mello and Filberto Castro, spent their holidays working late on
cold nights on water, gas and sewer emergencies. We did want to just do
that shout-out. Lastly, I just neglected it. The Golden Globe Awards last
night reminded me that we forgot to present the Emmy Award that the City
received for the longest running best live action drama in a governmental
setting this past year. We did want to—that was for the April 1st Council
meeting. We did want to share that with you. Thank you. All I have to
report.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: City Manager, just to check something out. As I
recall, Fresh Market has a long-term lease on that property and will be
required to pay it for a certain period of time. Am I correct?

Mr. Keene: That's correct. Andronico's, the process for which they would
come in would be to actually sublease the property from Fresh Market.

Council Member Kniss: To sublease it rather than buy out the lease. That's
interesting. Secondly, I think a shout out to Director Dueker and his group
that performed so well tonight. We didn't catch you before we went on to
the City Manager. That was very impressive and should reassure a number

                                                                          Page 7 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
