                          TRANSCRIPT

North County or West County. That's why it's important that we continue to
do this. I applaud you and hope you continue and have an early night.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mayor Chang.

Barry Chang, City of Cupertino Mayor: Good evening. My name is Barry
Chang, and I'm the Mayor of City of Cupertino. I'm also the candidate for
State Assembly District 24. I'm here, the hour is not that bad in comparison
to our meeting. 11:00 is not that. I'm here to urge you to approve it. The
reason is the collective effort will have more (inaudible). Myself, I would like
to see $900 million.        In order to get my City Council to agree, I
compromised to $800 million for what we want. We got unanimously
approved from our City. When I talked to West Valley City, the Mayor say
$500 million will be fine with them. I'm willing to compromise, so I voted
yes for $500 million for what we've been asking. Of course, it's not exactly
what I wanted, but politics is always a compromise. If we don't get united
together, we don't get that much. North County doesn't get much, and West
Valley doesn't get much at all. Look at the situation; it's going to get worse
because VTA has been failing to do the job, to move people around. VTA
always want to move people where VTA want them to go, not move the
people where people wants to go. That's a major problem, and we cannot
change that paradigm unless we change VTA Board structure. At the
meantime, we have to solve the problems. I urge you to vote yes.
Hopefully we can get a little bit more out of it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus, welcome.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Burt, City Council. Just over a week
ago Palo Alto celebrated its sustainability and Climate Action Summit where
we talked about how a revolutionary transformation was needed away from
automobiles, and how important it is to find alternatives that don't impact
our planet and our health that much. The Transportation Element of the
new Comprehensive Plan is not finished. I do not speak for the CAC, but as
a member I can report that shuttles dominate the conversation, grade
separation does, widening roads is not. I'm also a remember of the
Executive Committee of the Sierra Club Loma Prieta Chapter. The Sierra
Club which endorsed, I think, all of you opposes additional freeway or
expressway lanes. It is not likely to support this tax if it contains these sort
of expansions. To one of the previous comments, CEQA is done for the
expressways, so it did not include TDMs as a mitigation measure. Lastly, in
my job for the Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, I commented on CEQA
documents for expressways and freeways in the county. Some of our
                                                                          Page 78 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
