                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Sullivan: Basically there's two sensor options that are potentially a good
fit for us. One is the ultrasonic sensor that Sue-Ellen mentioned, and the
other is a camera-type sensor. They work differently; they both work well.
The ultrasonic one basically bounces a sound wave off an object and is able
to sort of triangulate an image of the object, so it knows that it's a car and
not a person on a skateboard. The camera works similarly. Of course, we
know camera is a difficult word here. It can create essentially a binary
image, so it knows a car is either there or not there. It doesn't have to track
any information about that car; although, it could if we wanted to. Either of
those sensor options works well. Paired with a sensor is this LED light,
which we can program to be red, green, blue for ADA, pink, whatever.
Ultimately, that's the technology that's out there. The good news is that this
technology has been on the market now for several years and that the
vendors are getting better and better. The products are more reliable; the
costs are going down. We think that it's the right time to kind of pursue this
sort of system.

Council Member Kniss: I think it's more than the right time. It looks like it
will run in that about $2 million range. I'd be very surprised if our citizens
weren't supportive of that. Jim, what you're saying is we'll be not penny
wise and pound foolish, but you really will go toward finding that amount of
money that we could use. Do you want to give any deadline? Would you be
willing to call out a date by which we might drive into a garage and get
something that was actually indicative of what was available?

Mr. Keene: Not in 2016.

Council Member Kniss: In our lifetime?

Mr. Keene: I think clearly this fall we should have the results of the Parking
Management Study. It'll be up to you all to be willing to set the rates. Of
course, we have some capital costs for that, I mean, depending what kind of
parking control system, whether it's meters or what types and those sorts of
things we are going to have to install. We'll have to work through that. I
think we'll be able to model what the revenue stream should be able to be
like. We could have some ranges. If you guys can do your part about
making the decisions to start really charging for parking and we price it
right, then I do think sometime in 2017 we could have a plan to know how
to finance this investment.

Ms. Sullivan: Can I just add one more thing to Jim's comment? As part of
the Downtown Parking Management Study, we can also look at sort of
alternative funding schemes.     Some cities actually outsource sort of
management of paid parking in that they have a vendor that basically does

                                                                         Page 56 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
