                          TRANSCRIPT
clear on this one, there is a $50,000 Reserve already budgeted as part of
your BSR. You'll see it on Page 80 of your operating budget. That Reserve
was ultimately established as a one-time Reserve for HSRAP in the event
that something in one year was underfunded. One potential option is to
redirect those funds.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to follow-up. Thank you for going through
those one at a time.

Ms. Nose: No problem.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that, and I hope that provides some
clarity for the public and also for my colleagues. I just want to make sure I
heard you correctly that essentially the defaults were what you just listed.
The default for the Planning and Transportation contingency is $500,000. Is
that correct?

Ms. Nose: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: The default for HSRAP funding is a $50,000
Reserve but not the discussed $50,000 emerging needs fund which would be
separate and would require an additional motion by Council. Is that correct?

Ms. Nose: Unless you guys so chose to repurpose the current Reserve,
that's something that Staff kind of proposed and brought up as part of the
Finance Committee hearings. It's something that they are looking at doing
and working on the legal ramifications just associated with how that Reserve
was originally established and what kind of Council policy would be
necessary to override the initial approved use, I guess.

Council Member Wolbach: We could potentially repurpose it from Reserve to
emerging needs or call for an emerging needs on top of the Reserve or just
leave the Reserve as is. Those are all options we could discuss this evening.

Ms. Nose: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much.

Ms. Nose: Quick question. Did you want us to go over the additional list
about the FY '18 stuff or were you only talking about the Fiscal Year '17?

Council Member Wolbach: I don't have any questions about the Fiscal Year
'18 stuff. I think that was pretty clear to me, but others may feel differently.
Since I have the microphone at the moment, I'll just say that I think that I
am comfortable with each of those defaults as they're presented this
evening, except that I do think that it's worth exploring and I'm leaning
                                                                             Page 27 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
