                           TRANSCRIPT
doesn't talk about all of the private—frankly, it's not just SamTrans and VTA.
We have other public agencies. It doesn't talk about all the private shuttles
and buses or, for that matter, the increasing prevalence of common carriers.
We need to look at how we move all of them toward zero emission vehicles.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) Google buses and stuff?

Mayor Burt: Huh?

Council Member Kniss: You're thinking Google buses?

Mayor Burt: I'm thinking about Google buses and UPS and FedEx and all
those folks that are sitting idling in the streets. I think the future should
really deliberate programs. Those are major transportation providers, and
we should be looking at deliberate ways at which they begin to move toward
clean vehicles. Sooner or later, I think everything is going to move that
way. This is more of a deliberate plan. If we're going to talk with VTA and
SamTrans, it ought to be the others as well. That doesn't mean we have the
answers on how to do that. Maybe once again it falls into the regional
solutions.    Can a single city best do that or should it be through
collaboration. I tend to think it'll be the latter. I think these are objectives,
and these are places where we can lead by putting these kinds of goals in
our Comp Plan. Other cities will go wow, good idea, let's get together on it.
I think that covers most of my comments. Program T371 says conduct a
study of Palo Alto roadways to identify needed pedestrian improvements. Is
that something that we haven't done? It would be a single study?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't remember where that came from, but we will look into
that and find an answer.

Mayor Burt: Right below it on 3.9, I wasn't clear what it meant. It said
identify and establish performance measures for the road network in Palo
Alto to support Citywide sustainability efforts including the street canopy.
Those kind of seem disconnected in some way. Are those throw-ins?

Ms. Costello: Something happened there. We'll check it out.

Mayor Burt: Glad I'm not going goofy at this hour. Maybe I am. I think
that covers my comments. I see a couple of colleagues have some follow-
ups. Council Member Holman.

Council    Member Holman: Just a couple of things. The only two areas where
I heard    any—at least that I heard—disagreement were on the bullet on Page
414 to     allow contracting between developments or organizations so that
trips to   and from one site can be offset by reductions on another for a net
                                                                        Page 116 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
