                    ACTION MINUTES
A.    Approve Concept Plans for the Amarillo Avenue-Moreno Avenue, Louis
      Road-Montrose Avenue, and Ross Road Bicycle Boulevard Projects, and
      direct Staff to move forward with the Final Design phase for these four
      Bicycle Boulevards Projects; and

B.    Approve professional services contract number C16161534 with Fehr &
      Peers in the amount of $544,509 for a period of one year for the
      preparation of plans, specifications and estimates for the previously-
      approved Bryant Street Extension, Maybell Avenue, and Park
      Boulevard-Wilkie Way Bicycle Boulevard Projects; and

C.    Direct Staff to reduce the removal of parking spaces near Greer Park.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

10.   Direction to Staff Regarding Implementation Priority for the Following
      new Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Districts: a Portion of
      Crescent Park, the Edgewood Plaza Area, the Southgate and Evergreen
      Park Neighborhoods.

Council Member Kniss advised she would not participate in this Agenda Item
because she owns real property in the Evergreen Park neighborhood.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 9:16 P.M.

Council took a break from 9:16 P.M. to 9:27 P.M.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to:

A.    Approve a budget allocation for implementation of Residential
      Preferential Parking Programs (RPP) for the Southgate and Evergreen
      Park Neighborhoods; and

B.    Implement an RPP in the Southgate neighborhood through a
      stakeholder process including looking at engineering, enforcement,
      and Transportation Demand Management (TDM) solutions with Palo
      Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) where appropriate; and




                                                                         Page 7 of 10
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 5/9/16
