                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. I have a few questions and a
number of comments. The questions—because Council Member Kniss just
went. I actually concur, I think especially with the more recent development
that's happened in Mountain View on and along San Antonio Road. I don't
think it is so disparate from services, and it is near Highway 101. I mean,
transportation is transportation. It's an easy jump on/jump off to Highway
101. I don't see a need really to replace those sites. Questions are around
co-housing. I'm in favor of co-housing, but there's no indication of how we
would go about locating that in what zones. Would it be a different zone?
What's Staff's thinking on that?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Holman. It is one of the issues
that we identified for exploration on that list that Mayor Burt referred to as
Item 3 on packet Page 771. It's also, I think, called out in one of the
programs in the Housing Element that was attached to the Staff Report.
Essentially, I think, it would take amendments to our Zoning Ordinance to
define that as an acceptable use and articulate where in the City's zoning
districts we would allow co-housing. Is it something we would allow in the
R-1 district or are we thinking that it would be permissible only in
multifamily districts? I think that's something we would want to get the
Council, the Planning and Transportation Commission and the public's input
on as we developed an Ordinance.

Council Member Holman: Right now, it's out there as a topic, and Staff has
not fleshed anything out yet.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we're interested in hearing the Council's appetite and
interest in pursuing legislative changes to accomplish that as a goal.

Council Member Holman:          We heard this evening about housing for
developmentally disabled. Also I know in Austin, when some of us visited
there a couple of years ago, in touring some affordable housing projects
there, Austin actually dedicates a percentage of their affordable housing
units to artists, because artists are sadly often lower income persons in the
community. Did Staff give any consideration to that? I didn't read anything
about that, either the developmentally disabled or artists.

Ms. Gitelman: Special needs populations like developmentally disabled are
addressed in our Housing Element. I could spend some time looking through
that and get back to you on policies and programs. With that in mind, we do
not currently have policies and programs related to artists. They're not part
of that definition of special needs population.

Council Member Holman: I would be in favor of exploring that. The
question that does come up, and it comes up frequently, is decoupling land
                                                                       Page 75 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
