                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: If that's the direction we're continuing to go, I'm
fine with that. I'm just..

Mayor Burt: That's the direction.

Council Member Holman: You have broken out—I'm sorry, which is it?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Holman: "E," you've broken out "E" separately, correct?

Mayor Burt: Yes. Council Member Filseth, did you ..

Council Member Filseth: I think we may have gone in the right direction on
this. One of the things I worried about on Number B and C—it may be that
we've given the Staff enough direction to be general on this. These things
seem like the kind of things I'd really like to see Scenario 5 before we start
doing policy and spending a lot of time on these. Some of these things,
depending on which scenario we pick, may or may not factor. If you look at
the Stanford expansion or the recovered housing from the Stanford
expansion, potential recovered housing from Hacker Dojos and stuff like
that, we may well have recovered most of the housing in some of the
scenarios. We're not going to really know that until we get a little further on
these things. As long as we're not directing explicit policy or the Staff to
spend many man months of effort on this and that's clear, I think it's okay.

Mayor Burt: We're not. It's evaluate feasibility. That's what covers all this.

Council Member Filseth: Is Staff okay with that?

Mr. Keene: Yeah, to evaluate the feasibility.

Council Member Filseth: In the context that we haven't picked a scenario
yet. Some of this is going to be very dependent on which scenario we pick.

Mayor Burt:     I'm going to push the ball forward here.      Council Member
Wolbach, I...

Council Member Filseth: Let me make one more comment, please.

Mayor Burt: All right.

Council Member Filseth: On "E" specifically, it isn't clear to me that there's
consensus on the Council that we want to do that one. I think that one
makes sense ...


                                                                       Page 108 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
