                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add at the beginning of the Motion Part B.iii.,
“prefer local offset projects and.”

Council Member DuBois: The third one is my last point. I'm not going to
propose this as a Motion. I think we really need to start talking about what
the endgame is here. I'd like to see Staff consider the future of the gas
utility and suggest a strategy for maximizing it while it still has value. As we
start to shift customers away, it's going to get more and more expensive. I
know we're very proud as a City that we have all our own utilities, but we
shouldn't let that get in the way of getting rid of a utility that we don't want.
I think it's time to start thinking about that. The longer we wait the less
value it's going to have.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. You took
care of my things with your changes to Number iii. Just a little, tiny cleanup
on Number vi. I think it should be "landfills that receive recyclable or
organic materials." Just a little cleanup. Thank you, Council Member
DuBois.

Mayor Burt: No. It's actually in this context inorganic recyclables don't
matter. They're not producing methane.

Council Member Holman: True. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I certainly support the Motion. I'm not going to go
in and tweak it. I want to go off on a slightly different tangent. Yesterday's
New York Times—I'm going to guess a lot of you have read it. It's called
"Cashing in on Climate Change." If you haven't read it, I suggest you do. It
was in the review section. What is fascinating is they put—as Henry Paulson
recently put it, the greenhouse gas crisis won't burst like the housing bubble
of 2008, because climate change is more subtle and cruel. I thought that
was just fascinating. It goes on to mention later the number of places that
are now switching away from fossil fuels as part of their retirement
programs, whether it's California State Teachers and New York State's
retirement plan in general. What is intriguing about this—I will finish with
this. It's worth noting that business interests and President-Elect Trump,
who sells himself as a consummate businessman, were integral to making
the Paris deal happen in the first place. They realize environmental stability
is absolutely at the base of financial stability. I think that is such a fabulous
sentence. Lastly, discussing China, it talks about China aims to build
                                                                          Page 47 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
