                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Will I?

Mr. Keene: I think it's hard for us to say that right now. I think easily we're
talking about we wouldn't be back before the fall on something like this.
That being said, if I just might say while I really appreciate Council Member
DuBois' suggestion, I actually can't imagine us being able to make an
expeditious process in the right direction on the five year Implementation
Plan without having been back for some further discussion with Council
along the way. I think that will be essential. I would just sort of restate
again, I think if you could adopt the goal, if you want to, and endorse the
S/CAP in draft as a platform for framing subsequent tasks and discussions,
of which one would be the first five year Implementation Plan, of which there
may be others that you would—even if you don't identify them tonight,
subsequently you could say, "We need to have a discussion on this." That
would be very helpful.

Mr. Friend: If I could just build on what Mr. Keene has said. To the point
that we'd benefit from another discussion with you before doing the work on
that initial five year plan, the sooner that can be scheduled the better
obviously for us to be able to get moving on that.

Council Member Berman: I could easily go on for 10 or 15 minutes about
the importance of this and the critical nature of it to protecting the
environment for future generations and everything that I would love to say,
but given the time and the audience who's here to hear another item, I'll
just say that I agree with everything my new 19-year-old friend in the front
row here said. I thought he said it very eloquently just on the importance of
this and on the importance of Palo Alto continuing to be a leader for other
communities to look to. What I would say—I fully support the 80 percent by
2030. I appreciate Staff recommending that. I know all of us really want to
continue to push the envelope and be as ambitious as possible, but I think
it's also important that we be realistic and set stretch goals but not set
ourselves up to fail. I think, from everything I've read, that seems to be the
most reasonable approach and one that's supported by a lot of members in
our community. I'm perfectly comfortable supporting the Guiding Principles,
the design principles and the design criteria. The one thing that I would just
emphasize under design principles, bullet one is focus on what's feasible. I
would also say focus on what is necessary for additional success. An
example of that is the expansion of EV charging stations throughout Palo
Alto. I read an article a month ago about how the leading rideshare
company in San Diego was switching from a full fleet of EVs to a fleet of gas-
powered cars because there weren't enough charging stations in San Diego
to keep those cars on the road. That's terrible. Let's make sure that we do
everything that we can to promote and facilitate the adoption of these more
                                                                         Page 46 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
