                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: That's not in there, correct. Can I ask Stanford if they
have any concerns with that?

Council Member Holman: It's what they're saying they're going to do. Go
right ahead.

Mayor Burt: Yes, you may.

Mr. Wuthmann: No, we have no concerns with that. I think that's a good
addition. We'd endorse that. That's how the plan has been engineered.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I think the last question. There are
sites that—I'm not sure if it's a question for Staff or DTSC or both. There
are parts of these sites that you don't want anybody digging in, you don't
want anybody planting a vegetable garden in, you don't want anybody
building a basement underneath the house, you don't want people adding
houses in these particular areas. Again, we have—especially in this case
because we have limited review capability. What happens over time that
protects these things from happening?

Ms. Gitelman:    One of the conditions that we just added is the site
management plan condition. DTSC has indicated there will have to be a site
management plan or land use controls in place in that area where the
hotspots occur. It's the open space area. That will be taken care of by the
mitigation measures you just added to the Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Holman: Including more minimal but still unsafe activities?
This seems to be kind of large scale.

Ms. Gitelman: This is where DTSC would impose any restrictions on digging,
on uses of the area or anything like that.

Council Member Holman: Will the site be posted so that people will know
don't go there? We tell people call first, don't dig. We make people aware
of those kinds of things. Will this site have some kind of notifications like
that?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know. This will be determined in this next phase by
DTSC, what these management conditions or what the management plan
will consist of.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor, can I ask DTSC that question?

Mayor Burt: Sure.
                                                                       Page 62 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/28/16
