                         TRANSCRIPT
5, emergency, emergency, and not approve this tonight. I'm going to raise
some issues that I think the Staff ought to answer in two weeks, because
they're the ones that haven't been answered in all the stakeholder meetings
that I think are significant. Let me just enumerate those. I'm not going to
try to explain them, because time is not here. Two weeks, try to figure this
out. Regulating permits is absolutely the wrong way to go. The issue is to
designate so many parking spaces. Basically Staff has determined they
need 1,200 parking spaces. Treat the neighborhoods as a 1,200-vehicle
parking structure. Put them wherever you want to, but don't use elasticity
and all weasel provisions in this thing to exceed the limit of parking spaces.
Any other thing is not going to work out. I'll offer, if I had the chance to
offer, 600 parking places in Downtown North. Mark them off and then
manage them as you would a 600-vehicle garage, not a whole bunch of
loosey-goosey permits. Absolutely approve what Crescent Park has asked
for. I couldn't have expressed more strongly at a stakeholder meeting that
galloping annexation was politically and professionally managing absolutely
the wrong way. Absolutely reduce the number of parking spaces that you
allocate to the neighborhoods to nonresidents. If there's not a provision to
reduce them, maybe slowly, but slowly return the neighborhoods from
parking lots to neighborhoods. Distribution, it still isn't settled. In two
weeks, I would ask the Staff to do a diagram of where people are going to
park in those zones. There are a lot of details. The major detail that I
object to is the hanger tags, scratchers and all that. If that is such a good
concept, then drop the parking stickers in the garages and adopt the same
standards for the parking garages. I guarantee you the forces would not
accept scratchers, hang tags and the like that can be falsified. It's an
invitation for black market and abuse. Finally, have an emergency Study
Session with the Parking Assessment District. Until you understand the
incoherent, irrational nature of the Parking Assessment District, you'll never
get your hands around parking demand. Finally, I think this whole thing can
be wrapped up in 90 days, and there's no reason not to do it. I presented a
fairly straightforward 15-point model for Downtown North as at least a basis
of discussion. I think that could apply to Downtown South, Professorville. I
don't think the way it's going to go is going to work out. I no longer have
the energy to do the stakeholder process. It now is in your lap. If you can't
solve it, I tell you the truth, at this point no one is. We've given you our
advice. I ask you to ask the Staff to come back on the points I raised,
address them in two weeks. Say Neilson raised the issues and if they want
to stick with it, then that's fine. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Last speaker, Barbara Shurfro.




                                                                       Page 93 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
