                          TRANSCRIPT
process we go through on traffic for this project in the EIR is probably going
to be what we go through elsewhere. I was trying to understand the data,
the information, that is available and needed to make an intelligent decision.
I want to bring up four issues, and they're interrelated. They're not
questions along the way, but there's a set of four. I started with Dudek. We
had two Dudek reports, one for 1050 and one for 2555 done nine months
ago. The two reports in their cumulative analysis identified six intersections
relevant to this project that would be at an F rating, basically from I-280 and
Page Mill through Oregon and Middlefield with El Camino and Grant fit in.
The first question I had is does that mean we don't do any more
development if we have "F" ratings in the center of our town. What signal
does that tell us about this project and other projects. As a footnote, I
noted that El Camino and Page Mill in the earlier project was "F" by Dudek,
but in this project it's an "E." A surprising change, given the fact we have
approved several projects over the time of that. Each one of the projects we
go through, whether it's these two or, I think, there have been four others
we discussed in that general area, we come to the conclusion there's no
significant impact. It seems as though we go through the next 1 million
square feet, we will have no significant impact. I wanted to ask what's going
on. I took the Dudek report that was available to us, under the references
transportation and traffic.     There they mention the VTA Long Range
Transportation Plan, the MTC Plan Bay Area, the ITE Trip Generation Manual.
I went to those sources to help me see if they could explain why there's no
significant impact. You start with the traffic analysis impact model. Palo
Alto model based on the VTA information that come to us. The background
data used in those modeling process is the Plan Bay Area. Plan Bay Area,
that says there's going to be 640,000 new residents in Santa Clara County
over the next 25, 30 years, 30,000 new jobs, increase of between 1 and 1.4
percent per year over that time. This is the background information that
comes and says these intersections will be at F level, but it's not because of
any single project in Palo Alto As a matter of fact, this background
information is so significant any single project in Palo Alto is small. We can
point our finger; it's happening elsewhere. Someone else is doing this to us.
If you look at the data, Palo Alto has the highest jobs to employed residents
of any neighboring community, 3:1. As a matter of fact, it's in the top four
or five of the country of cities.       The other names in there are like
Washington, DC and Manhattan. We can't point our finger somewhere else.
It's us who's at the center of this. I'm trying to understand if we're at the
center and we have all these "F" intersection, how can we keep saying
there's no significant impact. I took a step further and said what does the
ITE Manual tell us. I guess first there's the traffic baseline that Dudek used.
There were periods of time over the last 2-3 years where there's a lot of
vacancies in the property. Dudek said let's not use the vacancies to
measure the baseline; let's assume that they were filled during that time
                                                                         Page 74 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
