                          TRANSCRIPT
evening.     Mr. Borock raised two other points.       One about California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) appeals. He's absolutely right. We're
reflecting a provision a State law in our ordinance, and it would require that
someone file an appeal both of the underlying entitlement and the CEQA
document. If the concern is about an appellant having to pay two fees, of
course that could be addressed with adjustments to the City's fee schedule.
It would not require a change to the Municipal Code. The third point was
really about the State Density Bonus Law. Again, we feel that the State law
really precludes our making any additional changes to this section. We did,
at the Council's direction, modify the proposed ordinance to reflect the fact
that you could choose between the density bonus allowed under the
Pedestrian Transient Oriented Development (PTOD) and under the State law,
whichever is greater. We don't think we can make the same kind of change
with regard to the concessions. I hope that answers the questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. While we're hearing from the public, you might be
able to provide that amended language to the Clerk, and it'll be posted.
Then, we're clear on what we're adopting.

Ms. Gitelman: Happy to.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Next we'll hear from members of the public. Each
member will have two minutes to speak on the Consent Calendar items of
their wish. Our first speaker is Gina Goodhill Rosen, to be followed by Sarah
Qureshi.

Gina Goodhill Rosen, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Hi. Mayor
and members of the City Council, thank you for taking public comments
today. My name's Gina Goodhill Rosen, and I am actually speaking to
underscore comments that were sent in earlier by the Energy Freedom
Coalition of America, EFCA, regarding Item Number 5 on the Calendar, which
is the Finance Committee recommendation that the City Council approve
design guidelines for the net energy metering successor program. I work for
Solar City, which is a rooftop solar company that's active in the area. We
are members of EFCA. EFCA is a national advocacy group that seeks to
promote both the public awareness of the benefits of solar and alternative
energy as well as the use of rooftop solar and other customer-owned and
third-party-owned distributed solar electrical generation. City of Palo Alto
Utilities (CPAU) has undertaken a really thoughtful effort to create guidelines
for a new solar program. I want to thank them for that. We feel that the
guidelines are incomplete, and we recommend several modifications. Most
importantly, we strongly recommend that before CPAU moves forward with
designing a program to replace their very successful net energy metering
program, they first consider continuing their current program without

                                                                         Page 16 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
