                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Pirnejad: Maybe that's a City Attorney question.

Council Member DuBois:      As long as we sent out notice by tomorrow or
Thursday?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: It certainly isn't consistent with the Council's
timeline on publishing the Packet, but it does meet the State law minimum
legal standards to agendize that at the next meeting. That Agenda has
already been released and the materials have been printed. That would
require an exception process by the Clerk.

Mayor Burt: Can I offer two ...

Ms. Stump: Assistant Clerk points out that—I'm sorry, Mr. Mayor. Just to
add a public hearing notice requirement in the newspaper, which is a longer
period of time. Is it 14 days?

Council Member DuBois: Technically, our options are ...

Mayor Burt: Let me clarify. Inaction—there is another option—that means
by default we will have adopted the State Ordinance. We don't have to take
a deliberate Action to do that. Second, if the City Attorney will confirm this,
I don't see—even though we didn't agendize the BAWSCA Ordinance, what's
before us tonight, we could amend that and delete everything that was
added in, if we wanted to go through that extensive discussion. I'm not
advocating it, because I think that would be a long discussion to do so. That
would be permissible under the Agenda, I believe.

Ms. Stump: I suspect that that is correct, that it's within the scope of what
has been agendized. I would underline the Mayor's comment that we would
caution against that kind of "on the fly" drafting when you're dealing with a
complex item like this that affects the public. We would want to carefully
review that language.

Mayor Burt: We're saying our real options tonight are to adopt it as-is or to
do nothing and adopt the State Ordinance.

Ms. Stump: Two options. To defer the Item for further consultation,
community outreach and review, in which case the State statute, which has
already been adopted by the State Legislature, will become effective
February 1st and will apply in Palo Alto. You then can adopt a local
Ordinance that looks exactly like the BAWSCA Ordinance or has some other
modifications to it subsequent to that, and that would then be the governing
Ordinance in Palo Alto. Option Number 2, you can adopt the Ordinance
that's before you and also direct that further outreach and community
                                                                            Page 33 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
