                         TRANSCRIPT
autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh, or that we are looking at all kinds of
other means where we will not need to increase our roadway capacity. This
goes back to questions that were raised on wanting to reinstate—have an
implication to increase roadway capacity.       I certainly understand that
sentiment if we look backward and define the future by what has happened
up until now. It's not easy to embrace an inflection point like we're in. It's
really understandable that we would assume that the trend lines that we
have had for decades are the trend lines that will continue. I don't believe
that's what we're on the cusp of. We're writing a Comp Plan for the next 15
years. I think it needs to be aggressive and embrace the very positive
opportunities that are before us in transportation. One of the problems is
that our Staff is doing some really phenomenal things in the smart city and
smart mobility movement with Jonathan Reichental and Josh Mello. To my
knowledge, there's been no presentation on that to the CAC or the PTC. We
really haven't had a recent update by the Council. All of us saw from Stefan
Heck's presentation a year ago—we were bowled over by it. He said to
update it basically, because the transformations in many regards are
happening more rapidly than what he presented a year ago. That doesn't
mean that we have a crystal ball as to what's going to happen and when.
That's part of the challenge. I don't think we're really fully embracing these
transformations. This is a big deal. I also think that this has a relationship
with the issue that Council Member Schmid brought up and Arthur Keller has
in different ways. We need to figure out the process by which we will
identify a preferred alternative, and then how the Plan aligns with that
preferred alternative. Right now, our CAC and the Staff are kind of stuck of
having a Plan that has to be kind of generic, because at the present time it
has to kind of cover any of those alternatives. That kind of forces it to be
fuzzy. If there was one preferred alternative, everyone would know we have
to have a Plan that aligns with that. I think that's an important issue.
Hillary, what would be the opportunity for the Council to establish the
process by which we would decide whether we're going to select a preferred
alternative sooner rather than later and what body would do that, whether
it's the Council, and then what the implications of that would be for the
balance of the Comp Plan process? Let me just ask that question.

Ms. Gitelman: The schedule that we provided to you shows us providing
that supplemental analysis of Scenarios 5 and 6 to the Council and the public
for review in March, so early in the new year. Our expectation is that that's
the point at which the Council could select a preferred alternative. If you
felt like more process was needed to get there, you could identify that at
that time. I'm hoping that, once you see the supplemental analysis next to
the analysis that's already been done, the Council will be able to make some
swift decisions about their preferences.

                                                                      Page 113 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
