                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Unless we have a strong objection, let's go ahead and do it
along those lines. Take a maximum of 10 minutes, not necessarily to go
through every slide, but to give the highlights. In particular on the slides or
discussing the areas that we as a Council really need to begin the process of
our discussion with maybe a—Gil, why don't you add very briefly what the
current thinking is on the sequence of events that we may have in the
months going forward until we get to the point of having adopted our next
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan.

Mr. Friend: Let me start with a summary of the conversation yesterday. I
think I can do that in about five minutes. There's more detail if you'd like to
dive into any of the specific elements of that. Second, speak to Vice Mayor
Scharff's question of what we're looking for from you. Third, talk about what
the plan that we envision going forward is. Does that makes sense? This
waterfall chart summarizes where we think the greenhouse gas emission
reductions could come from to bring us to an 80 percent reduction in
emissions by 2030. Now let me caveat this in a couple of ways. This is
based on a model that is based on assumptions wherever possible based on
real world data, but the data is not available for everything that we're
looking at. For example, the mobility as a service work that we've talked
about before and that Professor Heck referenced, there's not a lot of
academic data on that.          Where we didn't have data, we were very
conservative. I think we've actually understated the potential impact of
what you've heard about tonight. You can see that electrification of the
vehicle fleet is a very significant contributor. We're looking both at vehicles
owned by Palo Altans and the vehicles that people are driving and to
commute with. This is an area where we have a very limited amount of
influence and control. A lot of this is going to be driven by the trends in the
larger economy, the economics of electric vehicles. We expect to see from
companies as different Tesla and General Motors competitive electric
vehicles within a couple of years. That market's going to shift rapidly. We
do have some influence in terms of the charging infrastructure that we
provide in the City that makes it convenient for people to drive here and
confidently know that they can drive home in what are currently range-
limited electric vehicles. Encouraging all electric new buildings, that's part of
the electrification strategy. When I say encourage, let's be clear. There's a
range of opportunities available. We could encourage through education and
exhortation and marketing. We could encourage through incentives and
other kind of support resources. We could encourage through policy and
mandates. Those are some of the options that you will need to consider as
you think about how you want to pursue this. We believe from the
electrification analysis work that we've done so far and some of the trends
that we're seeing emerging that there are strong cost-effective opportunities
for moving our building stock in that direction. In this case by new buildings
                                                                         Page 52 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
