                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, you want to—I've spoken enough.

Council Member Holman: Yes. Thank you to both you, both the City
Manager and the Mayor for adding that second part. It does seem like it is a
two-part—to answer your question, Liz—process with the ad hoc committee
that the Staff and consultant come to the ad hoc committee to talk about the
stakeholders and what questions there might be as well as the questions in a
second poll. With that understanding, I'll support the Motion. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I like very much the idea of reaching out to the
business community. One of the questions I would support would be,
"Would you support a business-supported business tax?" That would put the
burden on us to reach out and find out what elements would be attracted to
businesses who need funding.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'm going to support this suggestion even
now knowing that it is a two-thirds. I'm still interested in the parcel tax
option or any other options that the committee comes up. Do that need to
be incorporated within the Motion or can I trust (crosstalk) handle that?

Mayor Burt: It's amongst those other variations. Did Staff capture that well
enough that we don't have to put it in the Motion? I think we do want to
test some other types of taxes.

Mr. Keene: I think we do. I do think that during this month period, we'll
have some other way to—we may have a way where the Council can just
give us some additional thinking about that as a whole and run it through
the committee.

Mayor Burt: Maybe there's even a chance that we'll be able to have
committee meeting, loop back to the Council briefly, and then back to the
committee.

Council Member Wolbach: That's great. Honestly, as much as I was
frustrated that this initial round didn't have all those questions incorporated,
this is where we're at. I still want to have those questions answered. I was
hoping they would be answered by tonight. They weren't. I'm happy to
give another go. I think that our heads in the game, focused on this. The
consultant's already working on this. Staff's already working on this. I think
now is a logical time to just do another round of information gathering. I
hope that my colleagues who are on the fence will also join this Motion. As
                                                                        Page 131 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
