                          TRANSCRIPT
fell below 30 percent in terms of the proportion rating them very convincing.
On the opposition side, we also tested a range of messages. You'll see them
listed here, again ranked in the order of how convincing voters saw them,
this time, as reasons to vote no on a measure. The top testing messages
were ones saying that taxes are too high, we shouldn't vote for anything
that's going to further increase our taxes; saying that we can't trust the City
to spend the money appropriately, noting that money because it's a general
tax could be used at the Council's discretion, that there's no legal
requirement that would limit it to spending it for transportation purposes;
and then arguing that the plan is rushed and hasn't been adequately thought
through. Here you'll see the reactions to those messages. None of them
quite reach that 40 percent threshold that we talked about as the hallmark
for a highly effective argument. If you look at the aggregate totals that rate
them at least somewhat convincing, there is four messages that a majority
of local voters see as at least a somewhat convincing reason to vote no.
Coming out of the survey, there's also some other options that we wanted to
present for consideration, some of them based on poll questions and some
of them based on some additional analysis of poll questions. I should note,
as we look at the overall arc of support that we see in the poll, what we
modeled here as an initial way of assessing the strength of pro and con
messages was a scenario in which there is a broad consensus in favor of the
measure, there's an effective yes campaign that is presenting its messages
first, and that the opposition messages are no more than equal in volume
and are coming secondarily to the arguments in favor. Obviously if the
dynamics of a campaign in the community were different than that, if there
were a higher volume of opposition messaging or if it came earlier than the
arguments in favor, the way that the levels of support could play out post-
campaign could be somewhat different than what we model in the poll.
That's something that's important to keep in mind as you consider your
options here. We also looked at some alternatives, both in terms of election
timing and funding mechanisms.          We asked people about a range of
different ways that the funding mechanism could be structured for the
measure and had them indicate for us if they thought they would vote yes or
no on each one. I should note that this range of options we tested came at
the end of the poll. It's not sort of a clean test of each of these options co-
equal to the way we were testing the head tax as our base case scenario.
Yet, you do see there some pretty strong feelings here on a number of them.
There's broad opposition to three of the ideas that we tested, an increase in
the local sales tax, a parcel tax or an increase in the utility users tax. The
one item that we saw majority support for, a very narrow majority support,
was a business tax not based on the number of employees but on gross
receipts or total revenue generated. We also took a look at how voters
might react in a different election than what we're seeing coming up this
November. Obviously the November 2016 election is one that, all else
                                                                         Page 48 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
