                         TRANSCRIPT
of people who are in that storm area that have been concerned in our
community. Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: At this time, we'll move onto Oral Communications. We have
five speakers. Our speaker is Roland Vogel, to be followed by Lenore
Cymes.

Roland Vogel: Thank you. Council Members, my name is Roland Vogel. I
live on Bowdoin Street, and I work at Stanford Law School. I'm concerned
about the highly toxic and cancer-causing substances that were found on the
University Terrace construction site on 1601 and 1501 California Avenue,
which is directly adjacent to College Terrace. I'm especially worried for the
following reasons. First, Stanford has known about TCE issues in the
Research Park and also on these particular properties for a long time.
However, the so-called hotspots with highly elevated levels of TCE
underneath the old Facebook headquarters were completely unexpected.
Stanford consequently self-reported to the regulatory agency, the
Department of Toxic Substance Control, DTSC in short. Second, Stanford's
proposal to mitigate the TCE contamination is limited to covering the
hotspots with extra soil, moving the proposed buildings away from the
hotspots, and putting vapor barriers underneath the building, which it's
about to build. That does not seem to be a TCE mitigation best practice
according to experts. At the LinkedIn construction in Mountain View, for
example, the contaminated soil is removed. Removing at least the hotspots
seems warranted. Third, when I asked Stanford at a recent meeting with
regulators and fellow College Terrace residents about the possibility of the
TCE migrating in the ground or in the groundwater into College Terrace, the
answers that were given did not really alleviate our concerns. This is a real
worry because we don't have vapor barriers underneath our homes like the
ones that Stanford will add to the new buildings. It was suggested that
because of the clay content in the soil, the hotspots are contained. That's
not really reassuring either because Stanford's consultant did testing on the
site that shows that the TCE has been traveling around a very large
property. That hotspot is really just on the other of California Avenue. Also,
the regulators' representative conceded that in the event of an earthquake,
all bets are off. As Stanford suggested that we speak directly to the
polluters, implying that Stanford doesn't have any responsibility to do
anything, even though they're the landowner; that it would not do any
testing of the groundwater or soil in College Terrace; that we get our own
independent consultant. I ask the Council to do what's necessary to protect
the health of College Terrace residents. To that effect, I ask for immediate
testing of the storm water retention on Bowdoin Street for toxics and hillside
                                                                          Page 8 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
