                          TRANSCRIPT
for other reasons than just—they're talking about the diversity of the
community in some ways and the opportunity for people to be able to live in
Palo Alto that seems to be—without explicit direction, if you were to ask us
about quality of life, we would want to be factoring that in with these other
directives. I do think something—you said that earlier when you were
talking about Downtown employment, looking at how we'd redefine mixed
use in a way to provide more opportunities for housing. That gives us pretty
direction without getting us tied down on the way to do it initially. We would
come back with different methods to reconcile these different issues of
managing impact but also providing the opportunities that you want.

Council Member DuBois: The thing I’m trying to avoid—I'm not look for a
scenario that is massive amounts of housing, massive amounts of growth,
but it's all mitigated. That's not where I'm at. That's not where you're at
either.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I actually don't believe that's possible.

Council Member DuBois: How about an evaluating mechanism for enforcing
densities in existing buildings? I would make that a point six.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Mr. Mayor, may I make a comment? Perhaps
you'd consider the word "regulating" in place of "enforcing." One issue we
really need to look at is our existing Code.

Council Member DuBois: That's fine.

Ms. Gitelman: You're talking about employment densities, right?        Not just
densities?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Okay.

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “evaluating mechanisms for regulating employment densities in
existing buildings.” (New Part E)

Council Member DuBois: The last one I'd suggest was this idea of evaluating
some regulation triggers if mitigation measures are failing. Again, this
would be for Staff to come back with some ideas particularly around traffic
and parking. Is that clear for ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yep. The last one's fine.

                                                                        Page 53 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
