                         TRANSCRIPT
Staff Report that shares the progress we've made since we were last with
you in January. We had hoped to come to Council before the break, but just
too many pressing items had us push off a little ways. We've continue on
and are happy to be here today. We have a working draft of the Plan in the
packet. It still needs a lot of work. I'm sure you saw that. I hope today we
can focus mostly on Chapter 4 there, the goals, policies and programs which
was really the focus of the discussion. There's a memo from the Parks and
Rec Commission on dog parks and an outline of the final chapter yet to be
written, which is titled "Implementation." The process of the plan was three
phases. We're currently heading toward the end of Phase 2 and hope to
have a draft plan for review to the Council by the end of the calendar year.
At this time, I think I will pass it on to Lauren Schmitt to carry on with the
presentation. Thank you.

Lauren Schmitt, MIG, Inc.: If you cast your mind back to the beginning of
the year, that's when we were last here filling you in on what we had
learned in the first phase. Just a quick refresher on that. The first phase
had a very robust community engagement and technical analysis process
that ran concurrently, a huge amount of really great data generated. We
are at the cusp of looking at what do we do with all of that. That material
really forms what will be in Chapters 1, 2 and 3 of the draft Master Plan.
We're still refining what belongs in the Master Plan, what belongs in
appendices, and what will live on in that three inch binder that we showed
you a picture of back in January. A couple of key takeaways of what we
learned out of all of that are some key opportunities we've been focusing the
policies and programs on. One of those is the park search areas. You'll see
that referenced, and that relates to the geographic analysis that we did. The
blue highlighted areas show areas where we really want to focus attention
on enhancing the park system for a variety of reasons. We've looked in
detail at some of the characteristics in those areas. You'll see some
particular programs focused on those areas. The other opportunity is
connecting up the park systems. There's been a lot of great planning on
bicycle and pedestrian routes. What this opportunity looks at is how to knit
that together further into the park system and really connect up all of the
parks. A third opportunity that we heard loud and clear from the public was
the importance of natural systems and incorporating those further into the
park system, incorporating them throughout Palo Alto. This map shows
some ways of looking at opportunities to increase pollinators, to link up
some of the preserves that you have and other methods that again you'll see
policies and programs that relate to those. Really how that came together is
we had the engagement process and the technical analysis and the needs
and opportunities process. We brought those together. What we learned
are, in addition to these opportunities, particular areas of focus for the
Master Plan. Those areas of focus—we identified a dozen of those. We took
                                                                         Page 2 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
