                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman:   You would make that decision when the Interim Ordinance
comes back.

Mayor Burt: Don't we have existing definitions that we use in our zoning?

Ms. Gitelman: We do. Would you like us to look in the Zoning Ordinance
now?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mayor Burt: First, that would be helpful. Second, I don't see why it's going
to be much of a workload to just take that and plug it in. I don't get it.

Council Member Kniss: If I can continue?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Kniss: It would seem as though education uses is one of
the most desirable in the community. Marc and I happened to be at a film
yesterday, hearing about the dearth of any kind of childcare, education use,
whatever in this community. Somebody else spoke about that tonight. I
can't imagine it would be extremely complicated, but I imagine what the
applicant may decide to do is just not pursue this either, but at least the
option is there. As a governing body, putting forth something that involves
education in our community is a good goal.

Mayor Burt: If it's okay, while Director Gitelman is looking that up, I'll go
ahead and offer a couple of comments. Once again this site was part of a
careful SOFA II consideration. It was not intended to be limited to retail nor
even retail and educational. It was a variety of uses that the RT-35 has
there. I said earlier what I don't want to see is it become another software
coding center. That's where I'd be coming from, to assure it would be
limited to the uses that were envisioned in the SOFA II. It was pretty well
thought through that this outside—the real debates we had in SOFA II were
around some of those Homer traditionally retail spaces. This wasn't part of
the debate. I would actually be open to expanding this to medical office as
well. I think that's a modest increase. It doesn't allow everything that it's
permitted currently, absent the interim ordinance. It would give two choices
beyond retail. I frankly think that we have been seeing medical offices get
squeezed out of the community. I don't know whether there's support for
that. I will ...

Council Member Holman: Can I ask a question of Staff?

Mayor Burt: Yep.

                                                                       Page 96 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
