                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mel Matsumoto to be followed by our final speaker,
Neilson Buchanan. Welcome.

Mel Matsumoto: Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity to address the
Council. I'm Executive Director of Channing House at 850 Webster Street.
Our concern with RPP is with employee parking. No surprise. We ask that
we be allowed to continue to do what we did in Phase 2 of RPP, which is to
get the employee permits we need spread evenly into the four adjacent
zones to our facility. We consider ourselves an ethical organization. We're
not trying to game the system. We bought all the employee permits that we
needed. We are an unusual business in another way in Palo Alto in that our
product is not a product at all, but care and service to older people. We
depend on our employees to provide that care and service. We will not pick
up and leave Palo Alto if the environment gets difficult for employers. We're
here to stay. We ask your help for us to continue to do the good work we've
done since 1964. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Neilson Buchanan.

Neilson Buchanan: We're passing out some maps. Let me start while the
maps ...

Mayor Burt: Because we don't have many maps.

Mr. Buchanan: We're giving you what the auditors do; we're giving you
restated financials. These are hardly perfect maps by any standard. A few
moments ago, there was a comment of what are the objectives of this
program. Let me just reiterate what's been said for the last two or three
years. There are just some really simple objectives that can get us launched
pretty well into the next year. First of all, the limit of nonresident permits
can be easily at 1,600. Two thousand was a Kentucky windage; it was fair
enough. We know full well 1,600 should be a very fair objective. Those
should be pared back 200 per year as currently stated. We have repeatedly
asked for distribution quality standards, and we've suggested those very
clearly tonight. Zones 9 and 10, zero nonresident permits sold. That results
in a quality neighborhood for those street faces. For Downtown South,
Professorville, the quality standard there is no street face should ever be
more than 60 percent full. That's residents, two hour and nonresidents. For
Downtown North, Zones 1, 2, 3, I think we can tolerate up to 80 percent full.
That creates a distribution that at least we can get through the next
reassessment in 2018.       That's a good compromise, but it says every
neighborhood is not equal. It's a way to get started and distribute cars
evenly. I do think there's a mistake in saying you're going to kick this all off
and bring it back to Council at the end of January. I have no confidence that

                                                                        Page 92 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
