                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: That's reassuring. Thank you for clarifying that
process. I think we heard important comments from the community tonight,
that we didn't want to wait a long period of time before a substantial
increase, because that might encourage people to wait until they can get a
better deal. I'll just say that I think I'll be supporting the Motion. While I'm
generally not in favor of government in general and this City Council in
particular micromanaging what business goes in what place, in this case
there was a commitment.            There was a commitment broken.            The
community and this Council have run out of patience.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A little clarity on that. Just point us to, if you
would, Planning Community zone unless specified in the PC Ordinance
$2,000 beginning the 181st day following notice of violation. Will you point
us to where the escalating language is?

Ms. Gitelman: It's in the very beginning of this Penalty Schedule, in Section
1. It says a second violation is 150 percent of the listed penalty, and the
third and subsequent violations are 200 percent of the listed penalty.

Council Member Holman: According to that, there would not be a maximum
then.

Ms. Gitelman: The maximum is 200 percent of the listed penalty …

Council Member Holman: I guess there would be. Yes, there would be, yes.

Ms. Gitelman: … so it would be $5,000 a day.

Council Member Holman: That's good. Going to 16.49.050. I did look up
the Code and, I think, the language actually should be "exterior alteration of
downtown historic structures," that language. That's consistent with what's
in the Code.     It would be "exterior alteration of downtown historic
structures." The "historic" would be after "downtown." If that's agreeable
to the maker and seconder.

Council Member Holman: Downtown historic structures.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's absolutely fine.

Council Member Holman: The next one. I'm a little bit struggling how
16.49.060 and 16.49.080 are different. The language is different, but I
don't know if intention is any different. 080 is—I'm sorry, I misread. It's
090—apologies for that—demolition of Downtown historic structure, but 060

                                                                          Page 30 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
