                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a quick closing comment going along with
Council Member DuBois' comments. It is a really good project. You know
that we have a job to scrutinize various aspects and obligations and
commitments that we're making. Do hear our questions and comments in
that light.

Mayor Burt: On that note, thank you all very much. We look forward to the
golden spike. Maybe the Stanfords will supply a golden spike.

2.   Study Session to Present the Findings of the Citywide Engineering and
     Traffic Speed Surveys and Discuss Alternatives to the Establishment of
     Speed Limits and Requirements for Enforcement.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Study Session to present the findings of the
Citywide engineering and traffic speed surveys and discuss alternatives to
the establishment of speed limits and requirements of enforcement.
Welcome, Mr. Mello and the rest of the team.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official:         Good evening, Mayor,
members of Council.        My name is Josh Mello; I'm the City's Chief
Transportation Official. I'm joined this evening by Sergeant Craig Lee of the
Police Department and our consultant, Chris Thnay, from the Stantec
consulting firm. Ruchika Aggarwal is also in the audience; she's the Project
Manager for this project. Hopefully we can all answer any questions you
have. Con Maloney is also here from the Police Department. This is a pretty
complicated subject, and I wanted to just first get into it by going over the
purpose of this study that we conducted, engineering and traffic surveys.
Early on, we talked at a Staff level about how to best communicate this issue
with the public. California is unique in the fact that there's a State law
governing how municipalities set speed limits, not only on State roadways
but on local roadways as well. We are required to do radar enforcement on
local streets. We're required to have what are called certified engineering
and traffic surveys. Several of these were out of date, and we needed to
update these. As we thought about how to best present this to you and the
community, we thought this was a good chance to have a community-wide
discussion about speed limits and enforcement. We also needed to update
the required engineering and traffic surveys. This study also provided us an
opportunity to collect data on average speeds and collision rates for 70
roadway segments in Palo Alto. Some of the goals we kind of established
early on were to identify enforceable speed limits under State law; establish
target speeds where average speeds exceed the current speed limit; and
also use this as an opportunity to implement the reduced school zone speed

                                                                        Page 26 of 64
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/21/16
