                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: If I understood the memo, it was financially not feasible
for them to build the units on site. Is that a fair statement?

Mr. Lait: I think the applicant put forth a couple of arguments. One having
to do with the economic feasibility of the project and providing the units on
site. There were some other considerations, I think, listed in the memo
about their outreach and neighborhood support and other reasons that were
included.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We have a Code section on this, which says feasible in
effect. I don't have it in front of me, but I can probably pull it up. Do you
have it there (crosstalk)?

Mr. Lait: I don't, but I can pull it up. It does talk about—I'll paraphrase
while Sheldon pulls it up—something to the effect that unless it's determined
infeasible to provide the units onsite. There is no standard in the Code as
far as what that metric is. It doesn't necessarily say financial feasibility. It
just says if it's infeasible.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just not to beat a dead horse or anything, but I'm
confused as to when you say infeasible. I understood that the argument
was that it was financially infeasible. You say there are other ones in the
memo. I (inaudible) that up from the memo. What were the other ones
that made it infeasible?

Mr. Lait: I'm looking for that memo here.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Through the Mayor, Cara Silver,
Senior Assistant City Attorney. The ordinance uses the term feasibility.
Staff has not had an occasion to interpret that. We don't really have an
historical practice for interpreting it. However, I think based on the plain
language of the ordinance, feasible could mean physical feasibility. The site
is just configured in a way that would not permit onsite units. Second,
economic feasibility. In this case, the applicant has put forward a financial
infeasibility argument.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess on a technical question basis, I won't argue the
point. What I want to know is what did they provide Staff? Did they provide
pro formas? How do you know it's financially infeasible other than they
stated it's financially infeasible in a letter?

Mr. Lait: What was transmitted was what was reviewed.
                                                                         Page 74 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
