                          TRANSCRIPT
do you incorporate all the things that are moving forward? How do you
incorporate the flexibility that you're looking for? If we wanted to add—I
don't know—East Meadow Circle housing, how do we do that? It's not going
to be analyzed, then you have to do another CEQA process. I think there's a
problem with calling this a CEQA process. You could do a study and, after
that study, which is not subject—the study is not subject to CEQA, so you
develop everything to really and continuously get public engagement to the
level that people want to engage. I support what Elaine and Don and Ann
said about data-driven planning, because I think we do have not enough
location-specific data to provide good comments. Thank you.

Mr. Garber: Thank you, Shani. Doria and then Alex.

Doria Summa, CAC Member: Hi, good evening. Thank you to everybody,
Staff and everybody. I won't go through it all, the thank you’s. It seems
like the big issues are housing and traffic and the impacts associated with
those. I wanted to say that I'm strongly a proponent of putting a certain
amount of housing, but we just have to be realistic. There is an end to how
much housing—there's a finite amount of space here, and not everybody in
the world is ever going to be able to live here. I don't think it's possible to
close the jobs/housing gap completely, but I think we should try to be more
fair in our housing and building some housing of different types. I think the
best opportunity for housing of smaller units and whatnot would be in
mixed-use zones where we would have retail only on the ground floor, no
office, and housing above. I think that would add a lot of the needed
housing without changing drastically the quality of life for existing
neighborhoods. Many neighborhoods like mine, where I live—I live in Two-
Unit Multiple Family Residence District (RMD), very close to El Camino—so
some of the cheapest housing available in Palo Alto is very close to me. I
worry a little bit about wanting to tear everything down and build everything
new. Those people, when there's a new building, even if it is small units,
won't be able to afford to live there anymore. There's a certain amount of
displacement that comes with urban renewal. These are existing neighbors,
so to me they mean more maybe than every potential future neighbor. I did
want to talk about the four scenarios. I'm definitely probably at the
beginning of Scenario 2 interested in that, because I would like to see some
housing in the right place that doesn't have unmitigable negative impacts.
Then, I get down to the bottom of that scenario, and it's missing all the
great stuff from Scenarios 3 and 4, significant investments would be made in
transit services and incentives and grade separation for Caltrain and all
those kinds of things and trenching. I think we need those things now. We
need improvements to public transportation and the grade separations now.
We don't only just need those, if we have a huge amount of more workers
and populations. I think that these scenarios, the way they are presented,
                                                                            Page 75 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
