                          TRANSCRIPT
would carry us far enough to get the work done. The notion there, it was
called contingent because we would come back to Council with specific
requests for how that money would be allocated, but we'd requested that it
be appropriated for us so that the money wouldn't have to get found in the
first place, if we had to come back.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question on Number 60, which is the
mobility app for mobility as a service. This was one where I actually kind of
want to see if we could save Staff effort and resources. Again, the way it's
written up is that we would explore development. I'm wondering if we can
minimize the work and look for incentives for private industry to handle this
one and kind of take it off our list.

Mr. Friend: If I could clarify that. I think the language may not be precise.
It's not necessarily explore the development of an app, but the RFP is to
develop the specs for an app that would met the needs of this community
that could come out of an existing application that's on the street or possibly
a customization of one of those apps to our specifications by an existing
vendor. The third and last option would be to develop something new.
Given the pace of that marketplace, that's not necessary. The idea here,
that Chief Transportation Official Joshuah Mello has spoken to, is to put out
an RFQ to develop a tight spec for what we need that meets the needs of
this community.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I would just throw it out there. With
Planning and Community Environment (PCE), the Office of the City Manager,
yourself, is there a different way we could do this one where we don't want
to have to write—you're talking about Metropolitan Transportation
Commission (MTC) funding. Can we just incent private industry to write the
requirements and everything? Just an idea. I'm looking for places we can
save ...

Mr. Friend: I think there are a number of other ways to go. There are some
folks who have offered to perform those services pro bono. I think the
interest here from PCE was to do a disciplined, transparent process, but I
think there are a number of ways to slice that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Number 3, Business Registry has a yellow.

Mayor Burt:       We hadn't moved on.         Do you think it's related to
sustainability?
                                                                        Page 61 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
