                         TRANSCRIPT
negative impact on the development of market rate and affordable housing,
leading to this being the number one cause of our housing affordability
crisis. It's good that the Governor has admitted that this is a negotiation.
He's open to discussion. I do think that the political reality that Council
Member Kniss just illustrated is important to remember. If we just oppose
100 percent, we're likely to end up with something pretty bad. If we're
willing to come to the table for negotiation, we might find something that's a
more reasonable common ground. I do think that the letter proposing
amendments is pretty good. I do have a couple of major concerns still. One
of which is, as Mr. Borock pointed out, our own process of just moving this
up earlier in the evening. I am concerned about this coming through in the
budget proposal rather than coming through as legislation. I'm not thrilled
with that, but that's something the Governor can do and something he has
done. Again, Council Member Kniss has pointed out that he might be
successful, as much as we don't like it. I do think whatever letter we send
should mention that, perhaps in very strong terms expressing our
displeasure in how this has come about. This is a really, really substantial
proposal, and it does deserve the proper legislative process, going through
legislative committees in both houses of Legislature separate from the
budget process. Again, whatever letter we send really ought to highlight our
frustration and disappointment in the Governor trying to ram through this as
part of the budget, because it's just not the right process. I'm open to
hearing more discussion about CEQA. Actually I do have a question. I was
listening carefully to Mr. Moss' comments. I wanted to turn to Staff perhaps
for some clarification. Would this apply to R-1 neighborhoods and would it
overrule our ability to zone a neighborhood as R-1?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the opportunity to clarify, Council Member
Wolbach. The way the Bill is written it would only apply to projects that
conform with our Comprehensive Plan and our zoning. If you were going to
change the zoning, this would not apply.

Council Member Wolbach: That means projects that would get expedited
approval under this proposal would be those meeting the residential unit
limitations stipulated under our zoning?

Ms. Gitelman: That’s correct.

Council Member Wolbach: If our zoning says R-1, an R-40 project couldn't
go in there under this proposal?

Ms. Gitelman: That’s correct.



                                                                          Page 38 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
