                          TRANSCRIPT
to dump yards of earth and build our house up. The 17 feet would start
from a pile of dirt that could be up to 10 feet high, depending on how close
you are to 101. This overlay will hurt diversity. There will be no more room
for families living with grandparents, young couples with children. Many
families in our group wish very much to expand because they want to have a
multigenerational household.        This is something that simply can't be
accommodated in most of the lots in our division without going up. The
summary request to the City Council, the Royal Manor SSO application has
serious flaws in the process of signature collection and in the effects it would
have. Please do not pass it. Royal Manor has unique restrictions with the
flood zone and small lots. It does not compare to other SSO tracts. We can
establish Eichler-specific regulations that have broad support. Why ban two
stories while Eichler built a lot of two stories? This is an example of a two-
story Eichler. It is actually designed by Joseph Eichler, so he didn't have a
prejudice against two-story homes. I would like to conclude by saying what
I really believe. This is not what everyone else signed for me to say. I think
the main thing here is racism. A bunch of old, retired white people want to
keep their Indian and Chinese neighbors from expanding their houses for a
multigenerational family that cannot be accommodated on these small lots
and with no basement in any other way. Thank you very. I would like all of
those people who are in favor of no SSO to hold up your signs and stand up
so that the City Council can see you. I must tell all of you that I felt we
were very badly used by the Transportation and Planning Department. We
also appreciate the help that Amy French gave to those of us who consulted
her. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: To members of the audience, we try to discourage both booing
and applause so that we don't intimidate other speakers and discourage
them from feeling comfortable with raising their perspectives. I would also
just like to encourage speakers to make your cases to facts and try to avoid
accusations about the motivations of others. I think that's just the most
constructive way for us to move forward. Please, that also should not be—
no applause there either. Thank you. Our next speaker is Katherine Smolin,
to be followed by Sudhir Rao. I should say if anyone wishes to defer to next
week's meeting, when I call your name say I'll speak next week. We'll put
your card in a separate pile and call you up at that time. Welcome.

Katherine Smolin: I'm Katherine Smolin. I've lived at 3428 Greer Road for
31 years with my husband, Michael Smolin. We purchased our house. We
chose a house that could be expanded. At that time, I hired an architect,
Richard Elmore, who was familiar with Eichler houses, and said, "Where can
we expand? What do I need to leave so when we know it, we can go up?"
He showed me in the house where we could put a stairwell. I've left all of
that alone. Currently we're aging. We are our own granny unit right now.
                                                                          Page 71 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
