                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Michael Hodos to be followed by Scott Lane on
Number 6.

Michael Hodos, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Mayor Burt and Council
Members, good evening. Based on the conversations with my Professorville
neighbors, it appears that there are at least four strongly held opinions
about the best use of the City parking lot at the corner of Hamilton Avenue
and Waverley. One is additional parking is likely to encourage even more
traffic Downtown. The second is that parking combined with small retail in
an effort to recover lost small retail that was squeezed out by office space is
a good idea. The third is that housing to address the current egregious
housing imbalance is a good idea also, even though everyone recognizes it
will be a drop in the bucket. The fourth is that some combination of all of
the above is worth considering. Clearly we have our work cut out for us.
I'm here on behalf of my Professorville neighbors to simply make you aware
of the fact that whatever parking elements end up being included in the
design, it is much more likely to get support from the adjacent
neighborhoods if these parking elements are used to reduce the amount of
nonresident parking in the neighborhoods. Specifically, the number of
nonresident parking permits issued for the building should reduce by a like
number the nonresident parking permits issued for the RPP zones, this in
addition to the yearly 200 nonresident parking permit reduction to which the
City Council previously committed. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have Scott Lane to speak on Item 6. You don't
need to repeat similar arguments you made on 5.

Scott Lane, regarding Agenda Item Number 6: Actually they're two separate
issues. Number 6 actually is very interesting because it actually has the
police station. You want to put some police items there. I think that's a
wonderful idea. It's right next to the County Courthouse. It makes a lot of
sense, a lot more accessibility for the local roads for the police out of
Downtown. I think in many, many ways it makes sense, frees up space
here. It's a very good thing. What I would suggest is it's somewhat
confusing because you're actually putting in the parking on City Lot Seven
with City Lot six that has the safety aspect of it. I think if they were
separate—I understand why you're bundling them together. I think it's
important to understand how much it's going to cost for the parking garage
and how much of this estimate is going to be the for the safety and the
police. I think they're two separate matters. To bundle them, while I
understand why it's done, for transparency I think it would be a little bit
better to keep them separate. They are two completely separate issues.
The use of this City Lot Seven may be also different as well. Once again,
what's the use of this going to be? Is it different? Do you want a hotel
                                                                         Page 27 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
