                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: The interim.

Mayor Burt: The interim, I'm sorry.

Council Member Filseth: We could lift it if we say we've got guidelines that
do what we want to do.

Mayor Burt: Correct. I'm trying to remember. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I also thought the discussion by Council Member Filseth
and the Mayor was interesting. Council Member Berman mentioned earlier—
I guess I was sort of thinking along those lines. If you have an IR process, if
someone disagrees, they can appeal it to Council. Correct? There is no fee
to do that. Right?

Mr. Lait: Amy will correct me if I'm wrong. I believe if somebody is
aggrieved with the Director's decision on the IR, there's a request for a
hearing before the Director. That decision can be appealed, and there is a
fee for that. It's a couple hundred dollars right now, I believe.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's minimal then. I guess the point is if someone was
to come with a second story that wasn't sensitive—say you built a half
second story that was set back and your neighbors were okay with it, that
would be fine. If someone was unhappy with it—it seems like a fairly active
neighborhood—people could then appeal it to Council. I don't see the need
for the SSO on an interim basis. I'm a little uncomfortable that our City
Attorney said we can't say it's an interim basis, that it has to be an
ordinance. It just seems a little weird to me.

Mayor Burt: I think she was saying it ...

Mr. Keene: It can be an ordinance on an interim basis.         It can't be an
interim ordinance.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it, I think.

Council Member Filseth: Greg, if we can do a permanent one, we can do a
less than permanent one.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right. I get it. I guess the point is do we need this if
people can appeal this. That's the question. If we don't—if there was a
reason we would need this beyond that, I would vote for this. I don't see
that reason. If Staff wants to say why I really need to vote for this, given
that we have a procedure where if anyone in the neighborhood is unhappy
with the house next door to them, they can come to Council. We're pretty
sensitive to these issues, and I think we'd be sensitive to it.
                                                                        Page 80 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
