                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Can I jump in on the fencing issue? First, it says fencing not
budgeted. Is that by Caltrain or by us or both?

Mr. Keene: By both.

Mayor Burt: Is that because we don't know what our portion of that budget
would be?

Mr. Keene: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: We're willing to prioritize the budgeting of fencing once we
know our proportion?

Mr. Keene: That's been our approach.

Mayor Burt: The second question is—we had had an issue where Caltrain,
when we were first negotiating to get fencing on the east side of the tracks,
had argued back that there was no need for fencing on the opposite side
because their fencing approach had always been to fence one side of the
tracks because their purpose of fencing was to prevent crossing of the
tracks. They were applying that to this different purpose, which is to keep
parties off the tracks. Despite how just superficially specious that argument
is, it has remained. I want to know are they still making that argument.

Mr. Keene: They are not making that argument. I think they've accepted
our position. We've been really hard-headed and relentless about it. I think
the issue is just one of their process.

Mayor Burt: I hadn't heard they had accepted that position.       That was a
concern. Thanks. Any other Police-related?

Council Member DuBois:       Middlefield's at the end, if you were looking for
that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:       I'm sorry.   I was trying to help Council Member
Holman there.

Council Member Holman: It doesn't list Police Department.          If that's a
study, maybe it doesn't involve Police.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: I could speak to that. Actually Hillary
had suggested putting this on the list, recognizing the Council's interest in
recent constituent communications on the topic. To your point, it is a study,
and there are a few parallel action items that are coming forward, including
                                                                       Page 46 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
