                          TRANSCRIPT
based on the cubed root of the measured value. Below, the last zone
creation technique explained. In addition, he superimposes the proposed
project design. Why are some homes in the orange zone? As Lenny Siegel
explained, the applicant's consultant model lets you increase the screening
level by up to two orders of magnitude under certain conditions, up to
11,000 or up to 53,000. With all this in mind, Stanford's consultant created
a new graphic, which you've seen already. Better, but now there are three
colors for detection points. Royal blue for values below the 480 California
default soil gas screening level. Turquoise for values above 480 but below
the maximum bonus level in the model. Orange for values that even exceed
that level. Five discrete orange detection points from which all houses are
proposed to be set back at least 50 feet. With DTSC acceptance, that's all
Stanford will be required to do. Required number of units still fit on the site.
The TCE can remain in the ground un-remediated. Wait. The applicant
says, "We will unilaterally do more." They'll add some dirt and mitigations
under the house that are less than the DTSC standard. As for impacts in
College Terrace, no. We hired a gas chromatography expert in the field of
vapor intrusion to validate the claim. A study was identified, a sampling
protocol    established,    homeowners     granted     permission.        Expert
chromatography device and nitrogen cylinder set up in a temperature-
controlled location in the neighborhood. Measured values under or within a
third of the homes had levels above indoor air target concentrations. Why
and what to do. The results and study based on it were submitted to DTSC
and we began work on answers to those questions when Staff squeezed this
item prematurely onto the calendar under a section of the Code for technical
corrections and limited environmental review.        We had hard data and
presented it to the City Attorney's Office and requested a delay until you
have all the facts in front of you. It was passed on to Planning and the City
Manager, who said go ahead as planned. All is in order. Offsite problems
should not stop the application, and let DTSC make judgments when ready.
If you approve now, a complete abdication of responsibility. Whatever DTSC
comes up with, they're not the final arbiter here. It is you, the City, the lead
agency on the environmental study. DTSC is not CEQA. It's not up to
citizens to prove there's a problem, just there is the possibility. We've done
more already than any reasonable citizen groups should have to do to have
its government act on behalf of health and safety. The new data we have
submitted to the Attorney's Office and you is also a changed circumstance
under the FEIR, not in the FEIR, not in the environmental confirmation of
2014. You cannot go forward without a proper environmental study of this
offsite contamination. What's going on here? Is it because of the applicant?
Is Stanford never wrong? Is it just too much of an effort to do the proper
job? There are good people in the City, exceptional people. Those who
created the online, public records request system that I made use of. Those
who enabled me to have the Staff Report 11 days before the meeting rather
                                                                          Page 25 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
