                          TRANSCRIPT
really positive improvements. Whether it gets everything perfect is another
question. I'm really enthusiastic about a lot of the changes. Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I would concur with the Mayor's comment. I think
this document is so much improved over the prior version of this that we
saw. Thank you very much for that, you and the involvement of members of
the community. I have a number of comments. Do you want to just start
with a motion and then just add them in? Is that a good way to do this? On
page 1—I don't have something on every page—the bullet says "maximize
habitat, environmental aesthetic benefits while trying to minimize conflicts."
I would say "while minimizing conflicts." Page 2—I think Mayor Burt will
appreciate    this—the   third  bullet,   private    trees  on   commercial
(nonresidential) property.

Male: (inaudible) make sure we're (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: Page 2, the third bullet down. Let me give you a
context here. I should do that. I'm trying to do this quickly. Page 2 of 16,
yes. A list will acknowledge differing priorities for, that's on Page 1 leading
into the bullets on Page 2.      The fourth bullet says "private trees on
commercial (nonresidential) property. Mayor Burt and I have long had
conversation about inclusion of multifamily property. Page 5 ...

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: That would be great, David. On Page 5, under
Goal 3 and Policy 3A, I have no idea what WOCULS is. That should be
spelled out, unless it's somewhere else and I just didn't see it.

Mr. Passmore: That's the Water Use Classification of Landscape Species that
is mandated by State ordinance. It's in the adopted Urban Forest Master
Plan in the body.

Council Member Holman: It should be spelled out here, if you would please.
Program 3Ai, these things are work with the City's Office of Sustainability. I
think we've done really well here working with Canopy and other
organizations, so I would include back in Office of Sustainability plus—I don't
list them but Canopy I'll start with. That's true in most of those having to do
with the Office of Sustainability. To get to one of the speaker's comments
who has left, given the hour, Program 3Bii, this is work with the City's Office
of Sustainability, again adding in Canopy and the other organizations, to
develop a landscape sustainability checklist for development review that
incorporates Citywide goals for water use, sustainability, storm water
management and tree selection. What's missing here is tree retention and
                                                                        Page 99 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
