                          TRANSCRIPT
the Santa Clara County Ordinance, the first person to sell their business or
even transfer the business to a family member loses the right to sell
tobacco. The value of my store seriously would be diminished without an
ability to sell tobacco. It is important that the right to sell tobacco included
flavored tobacco is extended to the future owner. My wife and I have
invested a lot of money into this gas station, and we have owned it for very
few months. We were not reached out by anybody regarding this Ordinance
being in effect. We did not invest blindly here. We researched and planned
before investing here. We knew all of the rules and regulations before we
invested, and the City approved our station knowing we would sell tobacco.
Banning most of the tobacco category goes beyond simple regulation change
that we could not have anticipated. It is significant change to the rules since
tobacco is one of the few things we are able to sell in our kiosk. It is
unreasonable to force us to remove a majority of tobacco product from the
shelf. As you likely know, the City already limits size of the kiosk that we
have. The grocery item can't be sold at gas station. Had we known the City
intended to ban flavored tobacco, we would not have invested here. I also
wanted to point out that the State law requires that all tobacco is behind the
counter, meaning it is not accessible to customer of any age. All of the
tobacco laws are already enforced by Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
Board of Equalization (BOE) and the County Health Department. They
regularly conduct youth decoy operation, and we have never failed a tobacco
complying survey in my 30 years that I have other sites. What is the
purpose of this? If I'm licensed by the State, I'm in compliance, and I don't
sell tobacco illegally. Why am I being punished? I urge you to exempt
existing businesses from new flavored tobacco sales restriction. My last
point is that I think it is highly irregular for the City to sign an agreement
with the County that blindly agrees to future changes to this Ordinance. I
don't know anyone who would agree to that. At the same time, you are
putting Palo Alto businesses at the mercy of the County that clearly
disregard retailers. We generate taxes for the City; we provide jobs; and we
legally sell tobacco. I hope that you will support us and vote against an
agreement with the County. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ron—I can't make out the last
name.

Ron Tate: It's Tate, T-A-T-E. Sorry about that.

Mayor Burt: Tate.

Mr. Tate: I do everything on the computer, so I can't write anymore. I'm
anti-tobacco. I don't smoke tobacco. I don't drink alcohol. I don't drink
coffee. I don't drink diet drinks. I'm a vegetarian. The methane gas deal, if

                                                                          Page 55 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
