                         TRANSCRIPT
what this Plan is not is a Water Integrated Resource Plan, which will be
coming to you later this year, where we will look at our supply alternatives
and evaluate them on a number of criteria including cost, reliability. There's
nothing in the Urban Water Management Plan for this year that includes any
projects that Council has not approved to date. While we speak of those
alternatives at a high level, the Plan doesn't include anything that isn't
Council approved at this point in time. A few notable events since the last
Urban Water Management Plan, which was the 2010 Plan. The emergency
water supply and storage project was completed as you know. We've had
some very valuable experience dealing with the 2015 drought and the State
mandated water use reductions. We have a new water demand projection,
which I'll show you in just a minute, that includes updated population and
employment projections, new conservation numbers and the impact of that
drought and the resulting drastic conservation that happened here in our
community. The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission is nearly finished
with the very significant and very expensive water system improvement
program. Council certified the Environmental Impact Report for the recycled
water expansion program. We are embarking on a holistic analysis of all of
our recycled water and groundwater supplies and the nexus between those
things. This is a look at our demand projections. You can see actual
purchases in this all black line, where we were projecting our usage to five
years ago when we updated the Plan in 2010 and where we see demand
today. Clearly we've experienced some very significant water conservation.
While we do forecast that there will be some bounce back after the current
drought, long term we see flat to declining water use. This is just a list of
the alternative water supplies, the significant ones that are mentioned in the
report. The deep aquifer groundwater is available for emergency supply
since completion of the emergency water supply project.               We are
collaborating with the Santa Clara Valley Water District to study the
hydrogeology and the connectivity with the shallow aquifer in the context
mostly of the potential for recharge using purified water. The shallow
aquifer groundwater, as you know, Council approved some new basement
dewatering requirements last year. The connectivity between the shallow
and deep aquifers will be included in the study that we're undertaking with
the Valley Water District. Recycled water. The Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) was certified by Council in September of 2015 as part of the
study that I've spoken about a number of times now. Direct potable reuse
will be evaluated in that context.         There are a number of demand
management measures included in your Water Management Plan. I won't
go through all of them, but we have a number of programs under way to
continue to encourage conservation in Palo Alto. Another State requirement
is Senate Bill X7-7 which requires a 20 percent water use reduction by 2020.
There were four compliance methods offered up to water agencies. Palo Alto
is using the first method which is a 10-year water use average baseline, and
                                                                       Page 35 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
