                         TRANSCRIPT
learned from an extensive due diligence effort around transportation in the
Research Park. We'll walk you through the many programs we've launched
over the last 6 months as well as walk you through our plans for the future.
Finally, we will share with you what we have learned along the way about
what it takes for the Research Park programs to be successful and effective.
First, what is the Stanford Research Park? We are Palo Alto's home base for
cutting-edge, influential, world-leading companies.        Our mission is to
support innovative companies in their research and development initiatives
by providing modern facilities in a truly stunning landscape, by offering
sustainable transportation programs, and by fostering a spirit of
collaboration and partnership. The origin of the Stanford Research Park is
quite frankly steeped in a tradition of collaboration and partnership.
Stanford believed that a university-affiliated research and development-
focused business park would foster a new kind of collaboration among
scientists at the University and in industry. Also in the 1950s, the Park was
founded as a seminal partnership between the City of Palo Alto and
Stanford. As the Park has grown over the past 65 years to 700 acres,
commercial lands have been annexed into the City of Palo Alto. Today, 65
years into our history, Palo Alto has a remarkable asset on its hands here. I
will focus, from now on, on our land use specifically. That is to say that the
Research Park is extremely spread out. It is quite frankly very different than
Downtown Palo Alto. From our north end to our south end, the Research
Park is 3 miles in length. What this means is our distance from Downtown
University Avenue to the Wells Fargo Bank at the corner of California Avenue
and El Camino Real is 1.8 miles, and the distance all the way to Tesla's
headquarters is 4.5 miles. Tesla runs shuttles back and forth to the
University Avenue station, and this means that their riders have to endure
up to a 25-minute drive down to the Downtown station in congestion. In
addition, the Research Park submarket is a place unlike any other place in
Palo Alto. We have 150 companies. Our smallest company employs one
person, and our largest company employs nearly 4,000 people.               Our
smallest company occupies 100 square feet, and our largest occupies a 105-
acre campus. What is helpful in our efforts is that the 12 largest companies
account for nearly 75 percent of the employees in the Research Park. This
gives us a great leg up as we think about Transportation Demand
Management programming. About a year ago, we kicked off an extensive
market research effort to assess the competitive landscape, especially as we
saw a lot of companies migrate to San Francisco and to more urban
environments. We interviewed our largest tenants in the park. We wanted
to understand what Stanford Research Park (SRP) companies and their
employees need in order to stay in Palo Alto. We learned a great deal from
listening very intently.    Companies told us that they feel tremendous
pressure to innovate or else they stand to lose market share or at worse
become obsolete. It is a fast-paced, ever-evolving pressure cooker of a
                                                                          Page 6 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
