                          TRANSCRIPT
that, however, outside of whatever limits you establish, to go beyond that, if
you were to do that subsequent to this, this could require a subsequent EIR.
You really want to think about setting that right now. Secondly, what Hillary
was saying, which will probably need more discussion tonight and grappling
with, it's not just a simple matter of saying here's the number we want and
that's it. It's got to ultimately be referenced back and grounded in a series
of actual possibilities, whether it's zoning the density, height limits, number
of units if we're talking about housing, the location, all of those sorts of
things. Again, I'd just say keep those things in mind as you do your thing
and we hear from the public.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before proceeding to hearing from the public, we'll
have an opportunity for Council Members to ask succinct questions. I
emphasize that so that we try to avoid rhetorical questions that are long
statements with a question of Staff, "Don't you agree with me," at the end
or something to that effect. After hearing from the public, we'll return to the
Council for discussion. I think it may be helpful for us to give an opportunity
for the Council to have a good go-around of real interchange and discussion
before entertaining a specific motion, so we get to hear from each other. On
this particular topic, I really think we want dialog. Within that discussion, it
seems that we have a couple of things we'll want to consider. One is what
Director Gitelman and City Manager Keene just emphasized. When we look
at whatever ranges of jobs and housing within the scenarios that we have,
that we request Staff to study, we won't be able to go outside of those
subsequently for what we might consider for the Plan itself. We have to
make sure that the scenarios are at least as broad as anything that we may
want to consider. Second, we could be looking tonight at not merely the
guidance on the EIR, but do we begin to give some tentative feedback on
narrowing which scenarios we want to focus on. We've had the process that
has expanded—I think rightfully so—but this may be an opportunity for us to
bring focus back to where we're headed, not by any means that we would be
making decisions tonight on which scenario we would be supporting, but do
we give some guidance that helps narrow that focus. Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Three questions for right now for Staff. First, I
just want to check if I was incorrect. I think that there's a mistake on Slide
14, where it says that the motion on January 19th was replacing Scenario 4
with the scenario which shifts the jobs/housing imbalance. Looking at the
Action Minutes from January 19th, I believe that that was replaced by a
motion that was incorporated with the consent of the maker and the second
to be the fifth scenario. The focus on moving the jobs/housing imbalance
was not in the end, after the amendments, in a change of Scenario 4 but the
addition of Scenario 5. Sorry for contradicting what the Mayor just asked,
                                                                         Page 57 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
