                          TRANSCRIPT
this that's—we skipped right over this. Switching gears. Level of traffic
stress is sort of an alternate method that's arisen recently. One of the main
places that came out was San Jose State actually, which did an important
research project, which really looked at trying to tie how people use the
transportation system, how bicyclists in particular use the transportation
system, to these kinds of metrics that we're talking about. What they did
was look at these different classifications of users, from the completely
fearless user all the way down to folks who are more enthused and confident
or interested but have concerns, sort of a classic classification that we use in
the type of work that we do. Try to develop facilities that really tie networks
together. This map, which is a map of San Jose, you can kind of see where
there are gaps in the network, where you might want to make
improvements to help make connections. Where you have little bits of green
that are all connected, that's a part of the network where you can get there
at a particular level of traffic stress. Where there's red, that means that's a
gap that you need to make your way across. It starts to really tie, again,
that measurement of the system to the user experience directly. Something
that we've been working on a lot recently, that we think is interesting, sort
of extends the level of traffic stress method and starts to ask the question
about where are you trying to go. It's great to have these connected
networks and trying to make sure the parts of your City are connected
together. When you think about the destinations that people are getting to,
whether that's work or recreation or otherwise, you can start to ask the
question how would you measure folks' ability or likelihood to bicycle or walk
to those destinations. We've used research out of Portland State that looks
at the relative distance that people perceive their trip to be when bicycling
compared to the actual distance. If you drive or bicycle on higher stress
streets, you typically perceive them to be longer. The little curved chart is
meant to indicate the actual amount of distance that people perceive relative
to the actual distance that they're traveling. On higher stress streets, it's
much higher. You can build facilities that help connect people's experience
about how they perceive that distance to their actual travel patterns. This is
one example that comes out of the Google Bicycle Vision Plan that we
worked on last year. What it shows you is how—there are a number of
different metrics that we've used, that take these same data. How far out
can you go and experience a low level of traffic stress along that route? If
you're getting to one particular destination, you could take this type of
analysis and understand and see where some of the gaps are. If the level of
traffic stress was—as you would expect because it changes by distance, you
would essentially have concentric rings. To the extent you don't have
concentric rings around your destination, that's a place where you have a
gap and a challenge. You can use that to help identify for a destination-
based approach potential gaps that you might have. One way we've used
that recently, that we think is pretty interesting, is something that we've
                                                                          Page 8 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
