                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: If you're trenching, you're trenching. Coming back
to that again, we have a chance to keep an eye on Mountain View. I don't
know whether they've actually made that decision to close Rengstorff. If
they haven't, it's very close.

Mayor Burt: You mean Castro.

Council Member Kniss: Castro, sorry. Looking at what they've done and
having some of the discussion about that—what you're thinking, Greg, is we
wouldn't have to trench it if we closed it. Correct?

Mayor Burt: Let's not get into policy discussions around that.

Council Member Kniss: Let's stay away from the exact ...

Mayor Burt: Let me just say that I want everybody—if I'll be allowed to
interject here on this as we're starting to go down rail permutations. I
actually have given a lot of thought over a number of years to all these
different scenarios of whether any of our grade crossings could be possibly
closed, whether they could be modified, different permutations. Everyone of
them has really significant ramifications.     This is a prime example of
Mencken's quote that says for every complex problem, there's a simple
solution and it's usually wrong. I would just be cautious on the first
thoughts that people have been giving to this subject, to assume that this is
a simple solution. It's not.

Council Member Kniss: I don't think any of us would think that, because it
involves property, involves transportation, involves any number of things.
Since it was brought up tonight, I think it's one of those that we absolutely
need to include in the scenarios. I want to mention something Bob Moss
brought up tonight, that we forget from time to time. We can indicate how
many housing units we would allow, have, whatever it might be, but
somebody has to build them. It has to make sense. Your comment, Bob,
you were probably talking about Fern, where it hits Alma, where they
created a number of very different units. As he said, the developer will
develop to the market. They will not—if we want something different, we
would have to develop it. Talking about transportation, Karen. I know you
like LOS. I've become a big fan of Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT). I am more
and more hearing about VMT. On the very last page where it deals with
transportation, which is to adopt the pragmatic approach to reducing traffic,
this is very appealing. I am trying to think how we really make that happen.
It's something most of us would like to see. Lastly, to mention Doria's
groceries, I thought that was probably one of the most visual. The thought
of plucking from each one of these scenarios is very tempting. I'm going to

                                                                        Page 50 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
