                          TRANSCRIPT
deprives this owner privileges that are enjoyed by other properties in the
area. I think you ought to look at a variety of issues. In the example you're
raising, I would say that the noise from traffic is a condition that exists for
all the properties in the area to look at that issue.

Council Member Kniss: I understand. It's still somewhat puzzling. It does
come to us tonight with approval from the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) of course.

Mr. Lait: A recommendation for approval, yes.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Burt, after you hear from some other Council
Members, I would be delighted to make a Motion.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. This is one of those situations where
there is no perfect. I've been a part of at least two Individual Review
revisions if not more. The line gets dropped somewhere. In this particular
case, where it got dropped was if there are four properties. I tend to agree
with the Planning Director's first determination because there isn't really
anything significantly different about this property. Where I get troubled a
bit is where there are all kinds of situations that are proposed, if the corner
properties face Churchill or if there was just one more property, if there was
this, if there was that. I've seen situations before where there are a lot of ifs
but those ifs don't apply to the situation, because it is what it is. I don't'
necessarily agree. I remember one of the things that I didn't agree with but
it's what's in the Code now. I thought the properties across the street
should count when considering the contextual setback. That isn't what got
passed. My tendency is to agree with the Planning Director's original
determination. There is nothing special or unique about this property or its
situation. With the special setbacks and the contextual setback, I can
suppose—I can't remember about this for sure—that the special setbacks
still have contextual setback because the same reason any other
neighborhood does. There might be some that encroach further into the
special setback because they were there before the special setback or
whatever. You still want to be able to pull those back. Those are my
comments. Just one question for Staff. The initial comment made by the
applicant's attorney, did Staff consider that? I don't remember reading that
in the Staff Report.

Mr. Lait: If you can remind me as to what specific comment you're referring
to.


                                                                          Page 30 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
