                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Did you say "C" through "H"?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I think we're getting very prescriptive, but
I'll accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion,
“such that” with “and the Applicant incorporating Parts C-H of the original
Motion, to make the project compatible with.”

Council Member Holman: Could I speak to it just for a moment?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Holman: Just briefly, I will make this brief because we've
been kind of hammering at this for a long time. I think what you've heard at
least four of us object to is the architectural incompatibility of the project.
That's why the ARB findings are in the motion. If we send it back to the ARB
to address, then we have at least one ARB member who already is on the
same page as, I think, the Council is. What is good and appreciated about
the original Motion, "C" through "H," is it improves on the uses onsite. This,
I think, gives us the best of both worlds rather than the applicant going
away and coming back with maybe a something else project.

Mayor Burt: Those were accepted, Council Member DuBois? All right. Vice
Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This has just taken a turn to be a completely different
Motion. Just what I understand is we're including "C" through "H," we're
telling the applicant to come back with that, go to ARB and deal with "2,"
"5," "6" and "16." Is that ...

Council Member Holman: ARB Findings 2, 5, 6 and 16, yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: At that point, I think we should also put in there that
we've granted the CUP and that it becomes an ARB issue, and that we
should follow the typical ARB process. That's what we've narrowed it down
to. We've narrowed it down to the ARB findings, at which point I could
support the motion then. They go back to ARB, and if ARB approves it, the
Director approves it, then it doesn't come back to Council unless it's
appealed by someone. That would be the typical process in an ARB. The
reason it's here, if I'm getting this right, is because we had the CUP issue.


                                                                        Page 68 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
