                          TRANSCRIPT
this we don't allow—doing a flag lot and then you have four parcels. Surely
there would be a fourth house built.

Mr. Lait: I'm trying to understand how that would get us past the exception.
Do you think that would get us past the exception request?

Council Member Holman: It would be trading one exception for another.
We don’t allow flag lots, but creating a flag lot would eliminate the over-size
lot issue, which requires an exception.

Mr. Lait: I think that there's probably a number of ways the applicant could
have approached their request to subdivide the parcel. I don't believe that
Staff had a conversation about the possibility of a flag lot as an alternative
exception request.

Council Member Holman: I see Amy French is coming to the microphone or
the table. No. The Planning Commission talked about sending this to the
ARB because it's three homes. As you mentioned, that is a requirement in
the Code. Is there anything that, however—I've seen this happen before—
would preclude the applicant from doing these as one-offs as opposed to
three at once in terms of design approval? Can we condition that that
happens?

Mr. Lait: Can you condition that they all happen at once or that they don't
happen at once?

Council Member Holman: That they all go through design review at once at
the ARB.

Mr. Lait: They already have gone through design review actually.

Council Member Holman: It depends on how the application is made,
doesn't it? They could subdivide the lots and just go, "I’m going to build this
one and sometime …

Mayor Burt: They've already done design review at the ARB.

Mr. Lait: We have an ARB approval for the three homes. They were
designed by the architect who spoke this evening. That approval was
granted on November 1st.

Council Member Holman: I wasn't clear that the home designs had been
granted. I thought they had looked at the … That's why we need Minutes. I
also have concerns about three basements being dewatered at once on such
a concentrated locale. Given what we know now—these are City Attorney
questions—about how much water is extracted for other basements in town
                                                                         Page 29 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
