                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I actually don't believe you did. I believe it said
evaluate lower general office and R&D (inaudible). I don't see anything
about the jobs/housing imbalance in the motion. Was it a different meeting?

Mr. Keene: Yeah. You met on the 22nd of February.

Ms. Gitelman: That's from January 19th.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You got that in the previous meeting. I should ignore
this. It was previous Council direct.

Mr. Keene: No, but even the case—the first piece was not about replacing
the fourth scenario. That is a misstatement. If we were (inaudible) the
fourth scenario, we wouldn't have a fifth scenario obviously. We'd just have
four.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That's what I thought. That's why I'm confused.

Mr. Keene: That part is inaccurate.

Vice Mayor Scharff: For purposes of tonight, should I just ignore what's on
that slide and focus on what's on Page 8?

Ms. Gitelman: I think the important point—this is something that Council
Member Wolbach raised in his questions to Staff in advance of the meeting,
that the Council's already had two discussions on the fifth scenario. One
was on January 19th, where there was this focus on the jobs/housing
balance. The second one was on February 22nd, and I think I did get that
motion right. That's shown on a subsequent slide.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In the January 19th, we didn't discuss a fifth scenario,
did we?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, we did discuss the fifth scenario.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it. That was my first confusion. The second part
where I'm a little confused here. My recollection on the 22nd is we talked
about creating a quality of life scenario that we would move forward on and
look at. There's another strain of this—that's where all those mitigations
come in and all of that. There's another strain that you talk about, creating
a bookend. I'm not sure if you've said it or members of the audience say it,
but a lot of people have said the bigger the bookends, the better the data we
will have to make a decision from. Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That is correct.

                                                                      Page 62 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/16/16
