                          TRANSCRIPT
Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Burt. City Attorney Molly
Stump. In addition to the Bylaws, which you referred to, there are a couple
of other relevant documents.        The Palo Alto Downtown Business and
Professional Association is essentially a contractor to the City and is the
City's partner in administering the—both collecting the funds at an
administrative level and then engaging in the activities benefiting the
businesses in the district. Under both State law and the City's contract with
the Business and Professional Association, the purpose of the funds is
described as acquiring, constructing, installing or maintaining improvements
and promoting activities that will benefit the businesses located and
operating within the district. It's really a policy question for the Council as
to whether the activities described in the annual report and otherwise known
to the Council fall within that description or to some degree are other types
of activities.    The City's contract with the Downtown Business and
Professional Association provides that if the Council has some concerns
about the proposed activities in the annual report, that there is a pause in
approving that report, which is before you tonight, of up to 30 days to allow
the Staff to consult with the Business and Professional Association to resolve
any Council concerns. That is one option. The Council could engage in that
process, and that puts this process on hold for no more than 30 days.
Ultimately, the City does have a contract with the Business and Professional
Association that was entered into in 2004. It is an annual contract that's
renewed automatically by the approval of the annual report that's before you
tonight. That contract potentially at some point could not be approved
and/or it could be terminated during the course of the year on 90 days
notice by either party.

Mayor Burt: This is a Public Hearing, and I'm supposed to provide specific
remarks. If the Council wants to have any other discussion and action,
should I nevertheless open the Public Hearing, provide the remarks and then
consider whatever action, whether it be to go forward or otherwise?

Ms. Stump: Yes. Certainly, you do need to open the Public Hearing and
provide an opportunity for members of the public generally but in particular
the businesses against whom a charge is levied to register their concerns or
comments.

Mayor Burt: At this time, I'd like to open the Public Hearing, which is a levy
of an assessment on businesses in the Palo Alto Downtown Business
Improvement District for Fiscal Year 2017. It's the time and place for the
public hearing on the levy of an assessment on the businesses in the Palo
Alto Business Improvement District for FY 2017. In February 2004, the City
established the Palo Alto Business Improvement District. Annually, the City
must hold a public hearing to authorize the levy of an assessment in the
                                                                           Page 20 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
