                          TRANSCRIPT
facilitate that, I think that that's actually really smart. I appreciate the Staff
work on that one. I think I'll be supporting that component as well. I guess
actually that's my comments for now. Except just to say kudos to Staff for
working hard to try and close the funding gap. We're losing a major tenant,
a very, very significant tenant. Staff seems to have been working very, very
hard to try and find and secure tenants and starting to get those locked
down so that we won't have two substantial hiccups in our cash flow from
the site. I think that's very important. I appreciate the Staff work on that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you to Leesa Bouchard for coming up with
that number. I don't think it's on our agenda this evening. Since it's been
mentioned a number of times, I'll just briefly comment on it, the community
needs assessment.        I absolutely support that.     I think the Citizens
Committee recommended that too. I think Parks and Rec Commission
recommended that. I certainly support that. Like I said, it's not on our
agenda tonight to forward that, but just as a comment. It's an interesting
question; it is a policy question. I guess I come down a little bit differently
than Council Member Wolbach on this. Avenidas provides great services to
the community, but show me one of these groups that doesn't. I think it is
a policy question and a policy equity. Friends of Palo Alto Library, FOPAL,
donates—that pans out to be about $250,000 a year to the City's libraries.
Why are they not getting $1 a year rent?            It gets complicated and
convoluted, I think, if we start making exceptions. I guess I would move
that we would—if you're ready for a Motion, Mayor Burt? I would move that
we amend the 1991 Cubberley Master Plan to provide additional uses in
Buildings A, B, C, D, I, J, K and P currently occupied by Foothill Community
College as educational uses and apply for necessary planning entitlements to
allow additional community-oriented uses. Those uses are on a table
somewhere in the Staff Report. I can't find it at this moment, but they're in
a table somewhere. Authorize the City Manager to accept a lease rate—skip
2, skip 2, sorry. Three, adopt a finding that these actions are exempt from
the California Environmental Quality Act under Section 15301 of the CEQA
Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: Do we have a second? That fails for lack of a second.

Council Member Holman: Where'd you go?

Council Member Schmid: Second.

Mayor Burt: Sorry?

Council Member Schmid: Second.
                                                                          Page 25 of 100
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/26/16
