                          TRANSCRIPT
make this stretch of Palo Alto better for everybody. I was struck by when
questions would come up, Staff had personal examples of, "yes, I watched
that also" and "I saw that happen" or "I experience that when I bike that."
There's intimate knowledge about this stretch of road and the challenges
that it presents for vehicles, for bikers and for pedestrians. I was also really
struck by the comment from Mr. Neff from the Pedestrian and Bicycle
Advisory Committee. He said, "When we looked at this from a 'we're all
expert bikers, what would be best' position, we chose 2. Then we realized
the goal is to get as many people from the community riding their bike.
How can we create a protected bike path that incentivize everybody to get
out of their cars and to start biking. That was when we reevaluated it, and
we said actually Number 1 is clearly the best option to get as many people
out of their cars and biking." That's the goal of our $25 million Bicycle and
Pedestrian Master Plan. We have that opportunity to achieve that goal, at
least for this stretch of road. There are other improvements that are being
made to the vehicle traffic through coordination with Caltrans and others
with some of the complicated intersections and relationships between their
timing and our timing of the different intersections all the way down
Embarcadero. This is an opportunity to really create great improvements
meant for bicyclists and pedestrians. It would be a shame not to take
advantage of that.        The one modification I would propose—I guess
amendment I would add—is there was an issue of switching the
configuration on the east side and the west side in terms of where the
bicycle track is and where the sidewalk is, the only issue. This was
something that was emailed to us. Staff said it made sense for ...

Mayor Burt: Okay.

Council Member Berman: If that would still be possible with Option 2 on the
north side. I asked those questions before Mayor Burt proposed his hybrid.

Mr. Mello: It should be possible. Just to clarify, on both of the options, on
the west side, the cycle track is on the inside of the sidewalk. On the east
side, it's on the outside of the sidewalk. What we will do is move it to be
consistent on both the east and west sides.

Council Member Berman: That'd be great.

Mr. Mello: It'll be on the same side of the sidewalk on both sections.

Council Member Berman: Figure out which one PABAC thinks makes the
most sense or whoever's input you guys get. One of my colleagues talked a
lot about public feedback.      This went through our Planning and
Transportation Commission, and they suggested Option 1. It went through
PABAC, who revised their suggestion after looking at it even more
                                                                         Page 85 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
