                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I would say that would be considered in the context of the other
work that we have. I believe there may be a future conversation about the
department's priority projects. If the Council directed it, that would be the
path we'd have. The question is what are we not doing to do that.

Mayor Burt: You have a bunch of other zoning updates that are in the
second bucket. Is that bucket limited to what you've already identified or
could this be part of that?

Mr. Lait: The Planning Code's update, we'd hoped that would be an annual
effort. We're finding that, as Part Two is approaching the Council shortly on
the ARB findings perhaps that might have been a little bit too ambitious.
That certainly is an avenue that exists. My only comment on that is it's not
limited by number but by complication. The larger the policy effort, the less
resources we add to (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: We might be able to prioritize within that bucket as opposed to
thinking of this as creating a new bucket.

Mr. Lait: Sure.

Mayor Burt: I think Council Member Filseth's the last.        Council Member
Holman, you've spoken several times.

Council Member Filseth: Just in general, I worry that we're sort of getting in
the process of negotiating and designing a project here. We're edging
towards implicitly approving something. I think it's premature to do that. I
think in general we should favor policy solutions as opposed to one-off
projects. I'm a little bit uncomfortable with how this is going. I'd like to see
the project too, but I worry we're getting ahead of ourselves.

Mayor Burt: Let's hear from members of the public. Our first speaker is Bob
Moss, to be followed by Becky Sanders. Welcome.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Let me give
you a little history on this area. The land is owned by Stanford which means
that Stanford's restrictions on land use and development apply.            The
Stanford Board of Trustees first established land use and development
requirements for all Stanford-owned land, the campus and what even
became the Research Park in the early 1950s. I've been looking through my
files on Stanford land use. I've got two file drawers to go through. It's been
quite a trudge, and I still have some more looking to do. I did find
references where the Board of Trustees wanted to limit FAR and height,
didn't want to exceed what's allowed by the zoning. They did accept the CS
zone as being consistent. In 1975 they sent a letter to the Planning
                                                                         Page 47 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
