                          TRANSCRIPT
In 5 years, we'll have a slightly different cultural context. Something like
that, I think, would be good. I did agree with Tom when he mentioned the
issue of the internal combustion engine versus driving. To the extent that
people drive, it creates externalities in terms of traffic primarily. When we're
talking about the S/CAP, what we're really talking about is greenhouse gas
emissions. It depends on where technology goes. If 90 percent of the
people have electric cars and they're all self-driving cars and they drive close
together and road capacity is doubled, it may be just fine. I'm not so sure
it's the amount of cars at that point or that cars are bad. I think that's really
where Tom was going a little bit. Cars aren't necessarily bad; they may be a
very convenient mobile way of getting around if they are all electric and
they're self-driving. It could be really a different thing. I don't think I want
us to be locked in. We keep talking about vehicle miles traveled and, as
much as if they're electric vehicle miles, I'm not sure if it's that a bad thing.
I had some of that concern.

Mr. Friend: Council Member, the point we're trying to make there is not that
cars are bad.    It's that greenhouse gas emissions are bad and that
congestion is bad. That's what we hear from our citizens all the time. It's
one of the primary concerns in this community. Strategies that can both
reduce greenhouse gas emissions and reduce congestion would be strategies
we would want to prioritize.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I think we should call out, that we're
looking to reduce congestion. You may very well with self-driving cars be
able to reduce congestion in and of itself, just because people aren't driving
them themselves and have better traffic flow and all of that. I'm just trying
to think of this as, if we're going to have this for the next 15 years and we
really think there's going to be that much technological change and that
we're going to get 90 percent, we should also think about it in a bigger
picture like that. I think they should match.

Mr. Friend: Let me say, if I may, this is a 15-year Plan, but it's a 15-year
Plan that we may want to revisit and revise every 5 years because, in fact, a
lot will change. We see autonomous vehicles on the horizon. Nobody knows
how fast or how significant that's going to be. Five years from now, we're
going to have a different perspective on that. Let's not consider this as a
locked-in Plan for 15 years. This is a 15-year Plan we built today. In 5
years, we might build another 15-year Plan that will be probably similar in
many ways and different in other ways. We need to have …

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's a fair point.



                                                                         Page 40 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
