                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Based on loading space, traffic concerns, mass and
scale and parking.

Council Member Holman: I'll second, but I'm not sure those are the right
findings.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to reject the proposed project based on an inability
to make the following findings; loading space, traffic concerns, mass and
scale, and parking.

Mayor Burt:    Yeah.    We need to make sure that findings are legally
defensible. I'm not sure how a traffic concern is a basis for denial.

Council Member DuBois:        If I could speak to it, and then I'd accept
amendments.

Mayor Burt: All right. Go ahead and speak to your Motion.

Council Member DuBois: On the zoning side, I think for clarity it would be
useful to consider the entire property the CN zone. I did get the sense
that—I don't want to call it double dipping—we were considering both zones
and saying, "If it was CC(2), it could be this." For clarity in the future too, I
think once it's built we should consider it a single zone. Why consider a
CUP? I don't think it meets the findings for expanded office. I think my
colleagues agreed with that in the motion here. I'm concerned about the
loading space issue, that the building is too big. We need to have utility
space to support the building. The loading space on Emerson, I believe
we're losing street parking. I looked at Google Maps during the meeting. I
think there's a bus stop in front of the building on El Camino. The other
loading zone, which is dual use with parking, again, I don't think we've done
that. I think we're already short on parking, and so we're calling the loading
zone parking as well. On the traffic, I'm really just concerned about the
dated information in this very dynamic area. There are a lot of projects
under way. VTA has announced bus cuts on the routes, and the bus service
was cited heavily in the traffic report. I believe the Page Mill intersection is
worse than it was in 2013. The biggest issue for me is scale and mass and
compatibility. It appears to go over the allowable FAR, and it's this issue of
how do we assign the common spaces based on residential and office. I
think if you did it on a square footage basis, it would actually exceed the
FAR. The frontage is just too long. You look at it; it's 240 square feet
straight through. There's nothing like that in the Cal. Ave. area, particularly
in the CN zone. I look at A2 here, the building and context, I think it's
pretty striking. It's as striking as the 429 University project that we looked
at. It's all kind of one story, and then you have this building inserted there.
                                                                         Page 52 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
