                          TRANSCRIPT
that's a little hard to grasp about this digital collection. Our experience with
books is that we go to the book store or we go to the library, and we walk
down the shelves, and we can pick any book regardless of who the publisher
is. That's not how the digital world works. If you have an iPhone, you're
going to find iPhone apps. If you have an Android, you have to look for the
Android apps. Sometimes the app is not the same or they're not offered on
both platforms. It's sort of similar with the digital books. This little scenario
on this slide shows you—let's see. You would click on, say, the catalog,
which is here. After I've done my catalog search, I'm going to find a book.
I was looking for the human genome. Here's my book on the human
genome. When I click on this, then I get to see the cover, some more
information just like I would on Amazon or something, and a button to
download. After I have downloaded it, then in my app the book shows up. I
can click on it and read it, where it says read. As I mentioned, there are
multiple vendors. This just shows you multiple apps, they look differently. I
can't tell you off the top of my head which one of these is. I think this is
Overdrive. Each of these is separate. Zinio offers the magazines, I think,
mostly. This is what it looks like. This is what reading a magazine might
look like. Music mostly through Freegal and Hoopla. Let me see if I have
anything else we want to mention. Some of the e-books can be read right
inside your web browser, also without necessarily using a particular app or
use on your PC. We mentioned earlier that Friends of the Palo Alto Library
does provide quite a bit of funding for programs. I just wanted to put this
slide up, which is not easy to read. I will help read it for you. This section
here, Friends of the Palo Alto Library (FOPAL) grant for 2015 to the library
was $170,000. That's through mostly book and other media donations and
their book sales and the results of the profits of their book sale. They do
depend on being able to use Cubberley and the facilities provided there,
which allow them to deal with the volume of books that they have. They're
one of the few places—whatever one would call that—facilities that you can
call that will come to your house and take your books for you if you have a
very large collection, which is a service which does get them more
interesting collections. They do some really good things including selling the
more expensive books, the more valuable books on Amazon. They do
depend on that storage at Cubberley, and they did want us to bring up to
the City Council that that's important to them. They hope that whatever
happens to the disposition of Cubberley we keep in mind that FOPAL needs
the space. They would like to stay at Cubberley if they can. The data here.
This section here, the blue section, children and teen programs is 20 percent
of that grant, and that's about $35,000. The book function was about
$88,000. The leased books about $30,000, which is the—I keep losing my
mouse—blue section here. Community programs were about $12,000.
Together, about $14,000 and 20 percent of the FOPAL grant went toward
programs at the Library. That is most of what we wanted to tell you in
                                                                          Page 8 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
