                          TRANSCRIPT
of this heinous crime and share with your family and friends and share on
the social media. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Abraham Thompson to be followed by our final
speaker, Alexandria McFarland.

Abraham Thompson: Crimes of this proportion touch all of us. They strike
right in our heart, because after all we're one race, the human race. I'd like
to point out that Falun Gong practitioners are the world's largest prisoners of
conscience. The State Department puts the number at 250,000 while
independent reports put that at one million. Honorable Mayor and Council
Members, my name's Abraham Thompson. I'm a project manager for
Devcon Construction, and I served on the San Jose Human Rights
Commission.      Like those before me, I volunteer my time to spread
awareness in our communities to the ongoing persecution of Falun Dafa
practitioners. With the unanimous passing of the House Congress Resolution
434, which condemns the organ harvesting of living Falun Gong
practitioners, the validity of these crimes is no longer in question. We must
take action because action makes our country great. While we're taking
care of our own, we can lend a hand to those in need. We're brave enough
to stand up in the face of adversity and still do the right thing, and
courageous enough to make decisions based on our moral principles rather
than short-term material interests or economic gains. If it were not for the
support of our local city government, Congress, Senate and Assembly, the
persecution would be much more severe than it is today. I have had the
opportunity to speak with many tortured survivors who have escaped to the
United States. Several of them told me the same thing. They said that
when the United States took a stand, whether it was city level or state level,
it lessened the severity of the persecution. I'd like to recognize you all for
that. Just because we're here in Palo Alto doesn't mean we can't make a
difference. We can. Lastly, we're not anti-China, and we're not anti-Chinese
people. We're here because we love China, and we love the Chinese people.
We want to work with you to pass a resolution condemning the persecution.
I want to thank you for your voluntary service to our communities. You all
make a difference in our community, and I thank you for that. I look
forward to working together with you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Alexandria McFarland.

Alexandria McFarland: Council Members, I'm Alexandria McFarland. I know
I'm between you and your long night of agenda items. I've been a resident
since 1987. I'm here about the animal shelter. No doubt you're aware that
at the moment we have a shelter that's had little physical upkeep since—I
think it was created in 1972. Outdoor space is rented, and there's little in

                                                                       Page 21 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
