                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I wasn't going to ask any questions before the
public spoke given the time of the evening it is, but I do have maybe just
two questions. The difference in cost between Southgate and Evergreen
Park because they're essentially the same size neighborhoods, it seems to
me. Either three by five or three by six blocks it seems. Southgate is
configured a little bit differently, but they're essentially the same size. I'm
not understanding why the costs are different for those two neighborhoods.
They've both asked for—their suggestions for both neighborhoods is the
same, to be annexed into a residents-only permit program.                I don't
understand the difference.

Ms. Atkinson: They are slightly different sizes. Evergreen Park is ever so
slightly larger, so we did estimate a higher cost for the program in
Evergreen Park.

Council Member Holman: The enforcement, you sort of answered this. Let's
just say for Southgate and Evergreen Park—I won't go to Crescent Park or
Edgewood at this moment—are those numbers addressing or assuming
contract enforcement as opposed to Staff, right?

Ms. Atkinson: Yes, for all of these it's assuming that the enforcement would
be contracted out.

Council Member Holman: That's all for now. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: In particular, I have some questions around
Southgate. First, let me ask you a question about Evergreen Park. We got a
letter from Sven Thesen asking if it's possible to have an exception from an
Evergreen Park district to allow any Electric Vehicle (EV) to park in front of
his home, Project Green Home, because he has an EV charger on the street.
I was just wondering if that's something that would need Council direction in
order to do. If somebody has an EV charger on the street in front of their
house that's available for the public to use. Something to think about, come
back to it later. I'll move on to my other questions while we move on.

Ms. Gitelman: Maybe I'll just say—we are so far in advance of being able to
anticipate what the design of the program would be, that's an issue among
many that we could look at.

Council Member Wolbach: I will move on. There are a lot of nuances here.
Regarding Southgate, given that the concerns here are primarily about
students parking at Palo Alto High School (Paly), some also from Stanford
but particularly from Paly. That's exacerbated by very, very narrow streets
                                                                         Page 75 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
