                         TRANSCRIPT
address the problems already mentioned here very eloquently about
housing. I think the housing that we do create should be mostly for those
who need subsidized housing, especially for those who are already a part of
our community that we want to retain as neighbors. I think that needs to be
done within the present height limitations and site development and
Municipal Code so that we don't for everyone lose all the benefits of our
already built-out community, and what a great place it is to live. I would
emphasize in that that we should remember that every time we talk about
getting rid of the 50-foot height limit, we are also talking about reducing
view corridors for everyone and light. In addition, I think that we should not
build more office unless the parking and transportation impacts can be
totally mitigated. In other words, it's not the people being here that creates
the problem, it's the traffic and parking issues that turn our streets into
parking lots and make the traffic unbearable for everybody. So many people
have spoken that I think that's the main things that I hope the Scenario Five
will result in. Thanks.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Lydia Kou to be followed by Jeff Levinsky.
Welcome.

Lydia Kou: Thank you. Good evening. We all know Palo Alto has a really
bad housing imbalance, as everybody has said. What you have before you
are four scenarios. These scenarios will allow the imbalance to become even
worse. We are asked to choose if it comes at a slower, moderate or faster
rate. I think the scenarios are based upon assumptions that experience
indicate will not hold up. Take the project proposed for the Olive Garden
restaurant site. This project will have 13 condominiums and office space for
what the City calculates will be 36 employees, almost three times the
number of housing units, but this calculation is based on 250 square feet per
employee which will have been reasonable if we were still in the late 20th
century. What we have long seen on densities is they are two to three times
that. This is going to have six to eight times more jobs than housing units.
Does this make sense? You will hear or have heard—you have heard—that
we should continue growth in the hope that we will eventually be able to
partially remedy the additional problems you are asked to enable. Long
experience have shown that such aspirations are rarely fulfilled.        The
consultant's report reflects dogma that's detached from the reality that we
residents have experienced day in and day out for years. Even now with this
dogma, the consultants couldn't even paint a rosy picture. You hear some
people say that Palo Alto was irresponsible to have job concentrations
without corresponding housing, but this is done because planners said that
jobs around transit centers were needed to make transit viable. Now, they
say that there are too many commuters, that we need to have much more
housing around these transit centers and expect us Palo Altans to sacrifice
                                                                        Page 40 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
