                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'm kind of relating it back to our staffing resource.
I guess we would have to hire a consultant or something if we run out of
people basically.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director: We
have an army of consultants actually, that we use to help process these
applications. I think a small army; six, I think, consultants right now are
contracted with us.

Council Member DuBois: My last question is what are the wireless fees? I
didn't really understand what those were.

Mr. Lait: Jonathan Lait, Assistant Director of PCE. This is in response to a
recent Federal Communications Commission (FCC) ruling about how to
regulate these types of wireless communication facilities. We used to
process it one way, and now we have it reflect the level of work effort that is
required for Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3. Tier 1s are pretty straightforward, so
they have the less fee. It goes up to Tier 3, which requires hearings.

Council Member DuBois: Are these cellular towers?

Mr. Lait: Yes. Wireless communications are cell phone towers. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth. Okay. I have a few questions. On
Page 6 of the Staff Report, they talk about a payroll or an inflation
adjustment. It says hourly billing rates which are charged against deposits
are recommended to be increased an average of 57 percent to better
capture direct and indirect costs. I guess my question was we fell behind
over the years in part perhaps because we've reconsidered how to allocate
and in part because we hadn't stayed current with inflationary costs. Is that
correct?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question, Mayor Burt. I think as a regular
course in the budget process, Administrative Services Department (ASD)
does do some kind of cost of living update to the Fee Schedule. A little bit
has been done, but you're right. We've fallen behind. Sherry said that it's
been more than five years. It could have been more than 10 years. We
really didn't find evidence of when the fees were last looked at in a
comprehensive way. We're quite a bit behind.

Mayor Burt: What would prevent us from being behind as we go forward in
future years if we've had this pattern? What I'm leaning toward is should we
build in an automatic inflation adjuster that wouldn't be probably most
                                                                         Page 14 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
