                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Friend: Because fossil gas, you're taking carbon that's been sequestered
over hundreds of millions of years, and you're releasing it in a matter of
decades. Biogas, you're taking annual cycle of carbon formation from
photosynthesis and releasing it back out. It's balancing the flows, balance
the rates.    There are issues about that.      It's something we need to
investigate, whether it's feasible for us.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do think that electrification—I do hear anecdotally that
it's really hard right now for a lot of people to find charging stations in
please. I don't think we're building enough. I think we should get right on
that, frankly. I think that's a real issue. I wanted to make a brief comment
on parking, charging for parking, and parking prices. One of the things that
really bugs me is like when Congress passes a law and exempts themselves.
I would say that if we're going to do this, we need to start with—what is it?
Our first largest employer in Downtown or second largest employer in
Downtown, isn't that the City of Palo Alto? With 1,400 people or 1,200
people, whatever it is. If we're going to do this, I think we're the ones that
have to start with us. I think it's wrong to basically say everyone else has to
do it, and we don't do it. I wanted us to think a little bit about that.

Mr. Keene: We're looking at what that would take to be able to do that
effectively and how we work that out. We hear you, and I agree with you.
It's sort of hard to impose things that we don't follow ourselves.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not saying it's not challenging. I'm just thinking
that we basically have to lead the way and show that it can be done, if we're
going to do it.

Mr. Friend: City Manager gave me a very clear directive last year, said we
go first on this stuff. If it's a good idea for other people, it should be a good
idea for us. If it's not a good idea for us, we shouldn't ask anybody else to
do it. Totally with you on that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's really where I wanted to come out on this. I
wanted to basically give you the overall thing. I thought it was a good job.
I think we can get this done, but I do think we have to think about what all
the consequences are (crosstalk).

Mr. Friend: Absolutely. Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think I can be really brief here. I think I'm just
going to sort of amplify a little bit on what Council Member Kniss ...

                                                                         Page 80 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
