                          TRANSCRIPT
development. It's really time to do it. Ethically you need to walk the talk.
We've heard about all these plans. Instead of 437 Lytton being an office
building, we have office buildings going up all around us in the Downtown.
We need no more office buildings. We have startups all over the place, and
we have people being evicted from housing and rich housing that people
aren't even able to live in, that's been bought up by foreign investors
around, my neighborhood included. I can give you three or four houses
where nobody's living in them. The problem with 437 is it's out of scale.
The entrance and garage is problematic. The major question is why more
office space. We need low-income housing for the people who live here,
who work here, who would like to live here and can't afford to live here. My
request is that ethically and morally you address this need now and stop
talking about it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications for
tonight. Just in case members of the public are not familiar, the Council is
not permitted to discuss topics that are not on the Agenda. That's why we
don't respond to the oral communications.

Minutes Approval

1.    Approval of Action Minutes for the June 20, 27 and 28, 2016 Council
      Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Approval of Minutes from the meetings of June
20th, 27th and 28th of this year. Do we have a Motion to approve?

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

Council Member Kniss: Second, third.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve the Action Minutes for the June 20, 27 and 28, 2016 Council
Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, second by Council Member Kniss.
We have no discussion. Please vote on the board.

Council Member Berman: The lights weren't working at first. (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: All right. We'll vote again, see if it works better this time. That
passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
                                                                         Page 12 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
