                          TRANSCRIPT
reach them. Even at the end of the day, I think there were half a dozen or
so homeowners that never responded or were unknown. If we switch to
another methodology, I think the threshold needs to change as well. With
mailing postcards, you usually get a very low response to mail. If we said
we're going to mail postcards and ask for 70 percent, I just don't think those
go together necessarily. I would actually advocate that we work through
this, come up with an Eichler zone. At the end of it, we'd have a very similar
process with needing a pretty high threshold to get there, like 70 percent
would need to want the Eichler zone. I think that would also help craft
something that was acceptable to the whole neighborhood. You're not going
to get an extreme one way or the other if you know you need to get at least
70 percent of the people to agree to it. At the right point, if my colleagues
are amenable, I would be willing to make a Motion, but I'd like to hear some
more comments.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you, and thank you all for coming tonight.
Obviously it's an emotional and difficult issue. I guess my observation is
that it seems to me that the process is badly broken. I didn't get the sense
that a lot of people—I get the sense that there were quite a few people who
thought that the process was unfair and didn't really reflect a process that
they took comfort in. In a democracy, I think that's a real problem. It
seems to me that we really need to rethink the entire process of how we do
this, where we have a vote that's probably sponsored by the City that people
have confidence in, that's fair. I'm not sure exactly—obviously we're not
going to design that from the dais and tell you. I do think we need a
process to come up with that, so that people feel that the whole process was
fair. I at least heard a lot of people say the process didn't seem fair to them
tonight. I think this is a difficult choice. I think that, yes, we need to go
ahead and figure out some sort of design guidelines, think about how we can
make that work. I think there would be common ground. I think we could
get all of that. I do think, however, as we go through that process, I don't
think it's as simple as just having Staff come up with an ordinance. I think
part of it we have to get public input. We have to have transparency. We
have to go—I actually think it maybe even should be referred to Policy and
Services, take some public testimony or maybe Staff needs to go out and do
that and then come back. I don't think this is necessarily something you
want to rush to and then have another process where people feel that they
didn't have input and they were unhappy in the process. I'm a little
concerned given the feeling that people had that the process was unfair, that
we have had a 70 percent. If we got to 70 percent because people didn't
understand what they were doing or whatever, I'm not very comfortable
with that. I really wish there was some way we could have a process where
                                                                        Page 58 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
