                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Has the church had any input in that in terms of
their assistance with not filling up the ...

Mr. Mello:    The pastor has attended the majority of our community
meetings, and he has expressed concern around the parking removal. He's
generally not supportive of it.

Council Member Holman: Not support of this. The one intersection that you
showed, it's like there were more parking—whichever slide it was. The one
at Bryant Street and Everett, there was 12.5 (inaudible) but eight spaces.
Removing a space exacerbates that.

Mr. Louch: Certainly.

Council Member Holman: None of the other allocations have much room to
pick up that or absorb that.

Mr. Mello: I think between now and when we go to construction on these
projects, we're going to have conducted three to four rounds of occupancy
data collection for the RPP program within the Downtown RPP district. We
may need to consider reducing the number of permits available if there is
going to be a significant impact on the parking supply related to these
projects.

Council Member Holman: That was my last question. Is the RPP designed
such that the number of permits could be reduced in such a finite area?

Mr. Mello: Yes. The Planning Director has the authority to adjust the
number of permits by zone.

Council Member Holman: Zone meaning finite enough to address ...

Mr. Mello:   The employee zones that were created under Downtown RPP
Phase 2.

Council Member Holman: Understand that, but finite enough to address the
parking removals on Bryant? That's more finite than a zone.

Mr. Mello: If the reduction in the supply reduces the availability of parking
for residents, I think we definitely need to look at whether the total number
of permits needs to be adjusted based on the impacts of these projects.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

                                                                      Page 47 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
