                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: An ex officio member is what you mean?

Mayor Burt: No, an official one.

Vice Mayor Scharff: A voting member?

Mayor Burt: It'd move up to 15, because there's 14.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think you should just basically say Stanford Health
Care and the Shopping Center. They're completely different entities.

Mayor Burt: Geographically they represent the same commute corridor.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are they going to self-select or are we going to select?
It's a little weird. I figure the Children's Hospital and Stanford Hospital could
work it out. I'm not so sure that it's the same group with the Stanford
Shopping Center. I read them as really different with different interests.

Council Member Kniss: I think they should be two.

Vice Mayor Scharff: One has a lot of nurses and stuff.     The other one …

Mayor Burt: I understand the difference. I'd be game either way if we want
to make them as two different representatives. Now we're going to go back
and ... Now we're at 15 again. Let each of those self-select. We have four
that are self-select; five including the School District. Let's leave that for a
moment, and let me try to precede it with some guidelines. We want all
applicants to be committed to the outcome of determining a funding plan
that will achieve significant reductions in congestion and single occupancy
vehicle trips in the community and an anticipation that the total funding for
these outcomes will come from in addition to a local tax measure other
prospective sources potentially including paid parking, grants, and tax funds
from the VTA sales tax measure. That says including because there could be
others that I'm not ... I'm trying to think if there's anything else from our
prior motion to include in this. I think we've largely captured it. Anything
else that—I see some lights. I'm open to recommendations. Council
Member Holman.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part A.iii. with:

 i.    Stanford Healthcare (organization selection); and

 ii.   Stanford Shopping Center (organization selection); and


                                                                        Page 105 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
