                          TRANSCRIPT
the first trimester of pregnancy for as little as a week was highly likely to
cause birth defects to the fetus. Of course, Stanford would like to ignore
that.    Those are the facts.       Furthermore, any building, especially a
residential building built on this site, should not have an underground
basement. You can ask Lenny Siegel. There have been no buildings in the
Mountain View MAW site built with underground garages since the mid-
1990s. They don't do it in Mountain View. Why would we do it in Palo Alto?
Second, we must have regular, indoor air monitoring in the residential
buildings for at least five years to verify, first of all, that the contamination
has been stopped by soil vapor barriers and ventilation. I'll give you an
example. In one of the projects in Mountain View, where they had soil vapor
barriers and sub-slab ventilation, they tested the houses. One of them, less
than a year after construction, had high levels of TCE because the barriers
failed. If you don't test, you don't know and you may poison people. This
project is not ready for primetime. It has to go back and be completely
redone, eliminate the underground garages, require both vapor barriers and
constant evaporation of the soil and groundwater, and try to cure the
damage underground by eliminating the soil contamination. There's no
evidence they're even thinking of that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'd like to
express my appreciation as a Palo Alto taxpayer to all the naysayers who
have come from other towns or from around. It seems to me it would be
utter insanity for Palo Alto to permit anything but the very highest standard
for residences free of industrial contamination. Every day you pick up a
newspaper or the magazine, and somebody wants to prosecute a lawsuit.
Somebody is inviting the world to join in a suit for things they didn't even
had injured them. It would be—all of you are just too smart for that.
Thanks to them. However, I'd like to say that I hope you can figure out a
way to do the project. It's a good project in concept. It's a good concept.
It's sort of a throw-back problem. Fifty years ago, 100 years ago, back
when Stanford was founded and Palo Alto was founded to be a nice college
town with a lot of residences and some stores, most of the income came
from people—the jobs came from elsewhere. They came from San Francisco
or maybe from San Jose. I myself went to San Francisco my school career
on a Southern Pacific train. After the Sputnik, we were convinced that the
previous idea of having industry separated from residences no longer applied
because we could have clean industrial parks. The land that Stanford owned
was changed in zoning from residences to industry, because this clean
industry was going to be compatible with residential use. As it turns out,
here's the problem. It isn't all that compatible. What I have to say is when
you get this finished, look then at the next phase of residences versus
                                                                          Page 29 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
