                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Don McDougall, to be followed
by Lisa Altieri.

Don McDougall: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Pretty
hard at this point to say much original relative to all of the great speakers
you have. I want to re-echo applauding all of the people who have been
involved at this point, the Staff, Gil and the 80/30, Lisa and Sandra, the
Carbon Free Palo Alto people who have participated in a vigorous and robust
and energetic and thoughtful debate on this subject. What I want to do is
say from all of those people that have agreements and disagreements,
there's certainly one thing I think everybody agrees on. A real carbon free
Palo Alto is really the objective, not necessarily a carbon free Palo Alto that
is created by buying offsets. The urgency of that has been talked about and
is worth repeating. The methane problem that is really new—you know it's
relatively new if The Economist and Business Week are all of a sudden
starting to talk about the methane problem that we're starting to understand
that. Relative to the offsets, we should try to do everything we can to have
real carbon free here and not necessarily deal in the offsets.           We're
supposed to be the center of innovation; that's the thing that Palo Alto's all
about, the center of innovation. To ask a farmer in Iowa to be more
innovative relative to eliminating methane than we can be is contradictory. I
do appreciate that this is a much, much bigger leap than the electricity leap.
I do support the suggestion that, if we are going to or if Council is going to
approve this evening, it at least should be done with conditions or
modifications so that if there are offsets, they should be only local, that the
offsets should be just temporary and the Council should define that
temporary condition. I applaud the Council's debate tonight, the kinds of
questions. The one thing I would encourage that instead of talking about
lowest cost or maximizing, a word that could be used in this case is
optimizing. Mayor Burt talked about the electrical bucket versus the gas
bucket. Optimizing, within the constraints of Prop 26 and whatnot, the
energy bucket is really the goal. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lisa Altieri, to be followed Lisa
Forssell.

Lisa Altieri: Hi, good evening. Again, I want to echo thank you, Staff,
Council, Utilities Staff, for looking into strategies to deal with our natural gas
emissions. They are very dangerous, and they are very important to our
climate goals. However, offsets as has been said are not direct reductions in
emissions. It's critical for us at this point, given science-based climate
goals, that we really directly go to our direct reductions here in our
community. Offsets have been one of the main reasons why the Kyoto
protocol and many other efforts on climate reductions have failed and failed
                                                                           Page 36 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/5/16
