                          TRANSCRIPT
During that time, there's been a wide range of occupants and uses of these
buildings. Staff went through an exhaustive process of determining how the
buildings were used over time in order to identify an appropriate baseline
that would reflect the conditions that have been experienced to the greatest
extent with the most consistency over that period. That different analysis
and research led us to the baseline of assuming that the existing buildings
on the site were occupied with 67.4 percent of those buildings occupied as
office uses and 16.3 percent for warehouse and 16.3 percent for research
and development. Those different types of land uses have different trip
generations. Typically that's the main consideration here, the amount of
traffic that's associated with each of those different types of land uses. That
influenced how the impact analysis proceeded.

Ms. Gerhardt: With that, there has been some questions about the existing
FAR and how this was calculated. I did want to let you know that the project
does currently abide by the zoning regulations. As noted in the Staff Report,
the standard maximum FAR for this RP zoning is 40 percent. However, the
existing square footage and the proposed square footage or FAR for this site
is approximately 45 percent. I'll walk through how that came to be. Staff is
taking the position that these existing buildings are non-complying facilities,
and thus are grandfathered under Code Section 18.70.100. However, there
is some confusion with the Research Park because this site is not a true legal
parcel in the way that we normally think about it. The legal parcel is
actually much larger along the lines of 700-some odd acres. This 13 1/2
acres is just a lease area. However, current practice and past practice has
been to treat these lease lines as if they were property lines. That's how we
come up with this 45 percent floor area ratio. How we got here, we'll just
walk you through. Imagine lots of fields with one building, because what
you're seeing underneath is actually a current aerial. This is back in 1956.
There was one building and not much else out here. In 1961, we have the
second building that gets constructed. 1966 is the middle building; 1972
completes this middle building. In 1980, we have the front building that
gets constructed along Page Mill Road. Sometime in 1999 we have a second
lease line that happens down the middle a little bit here. Commercial lease
lines are not subject to the Subdivision Map Act. There was no parcel or
tentative map that came through the City because it is exempt from those
processes. What happened is in 2000 we can only surmise that Staff was
looking at the smaller half of the property, because now there was a lease
line. They allowed that 2000 building to happen. If you're just looking at
the smaller piece of property, it had a much reduced FAR. It was under the
40 percent for that smaller site. It looked like it had extra capacity. By
putting that lease line, the larger half of the property ends up being 45
percent FAR. If you go back to the 1980s, it actually met the FAR. That's
why we believe this to be a non-conforming facility under 18.70.100. At
                                                                         Page 43 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
