                          TRANSCRIPT
is the schedule, assuming you direct us this evening to move forward with
negotiations. We would negotiate a contract with Motivate and SoBi in
October and November. We would return to you with a contract likely on
the Consent Calendar in December. We would issue a purchase order for
the bicycles and equipment in December. By February, we would roll out a
station siting website. This would be a website where residents of Palo Alto
could suggest station locations, hub locations for bike share. I've seen some
where you can actually up (inaudible) people's locations and have a
conversation about the pros and cons of different locations. We would
conduct our public outreach.        In May, we would hope to roll out a
demonstration hub and start our equipment testing, with a goal of launching
the new system in June of 2017. This is a breakdown of the costs. I already
mentioned the capital costs earlier. Our total capital costs for the 350-
bicycle system would be $1.1 million. This is included in the Capital
Improvement Program (CIP) Project PL04010. That includes program set
up, station installation, the equipment necessary for the hubs.            Our
operating costs would be $0 per year for the 350-bike system. It would be
$420,000 per year if we elect to add another 350 bikes in 2018. There will
likely be additional Staff resources required. We're estimating 0.5 to 1.0 Full
Time Equivalent (FTE), and that would be necessary beginning in Fiscal Year
(FY) 2018. That concludes our presentation. As I mentioned earlier, we
have both SoBi and Motivate here to answer questions, if you have any of
them. We can gladly answer questions that we feel equipped to do so.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Colleagues, questions of Staff? Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of questions. I'm not clear on the—
sorry if I missed the explanation. What happens if your ride is 35 minutes?

Mr. Mello: There is an overage charge. I think it escalates the longer you
keep the bike past 30 minutes. I think it goes up exponentially. Emily may
be able to answer that question more specifically.

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Emily Stapleton, Bay Area Bike Share General Manager: Trips are unlimited
if they're 30 minutes or under. There would be an escalating overage fee.
We still need to work through specifically what those would be. In the
current system in a smart dock scenario for example, it would be $4 for any
trip that's 31 minutes to 60.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm sorry. Could you repeat that last part?


                                                                        Page 77 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
