                          TRANSCRIPT
garages. I think that's a really great idea; however, I don't think you should
then dedicate that as parkland because you may need to tear that building
down, you may need to change it. There are all these restrictions on how
you change dedicated parkland. Frankly, I've got to say we looked at that
issue when we did the library expansion. There was the road issue, and
there's the gardens right behind it, the connection. If that was dedicated
parkland, we would have had a lot less flexibility on how you do that.
Council at the time thought that was a better way to go. Some could people
could agree or disagree, but you wouldn't have had the flexibility to make
those decision if that had have been dedicated parkland. There's the
perpetuity issue which I think is really important. On some of these, the
community may decide, for instance, they do want to actually expand in the
next 50 years, if this was a 50-year Plan, the Arts Center or the library or
those kind of things. To foreclosure those opportunities, I think we do the
disservice to the community if we do it without thought. I also wanted you
to look at Packet Page 90, which is your Page 69. This is maybe just a little
nitpicky.    On 4A.1 under programs, it says prioritize development of
Comprehensive Conservation Plans for the Baylands Preserve, Foothills Park,
Esther Clark Park and Pearson-Arastradero to identify strategies. My only
question here was—to me prioritize means that you choose which is the
priority. It seems to me that what we said here was we want to do it for all
of them. That's fine, but then I don't think it's prioritized, because what are
we prioritizing it against. If we're saying let's develop comprehensive plans
for all of them, that's fine, but we're not prioritizing anything unless we're
saying this is over and important of all the other things we're doing in this
Plan, which I don't read it that read. If we are reading it that way, that may
not be the highest priority of stuff we do in the Plan.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think it is, and I think it's open to interpretation, and I
think we should be careful about how we use the word prioritize.

Mr. de Geus: I think what we meant there is make it a priority, that we
develop these Comprehensive Conservation Plans for our open space
preserves.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm just saying we should change it so it's better that
way. I don't understand on 3C on the same page, where it says require that
proposed privately owned public space that are provided through the
parkland dedication ordinance must meet Palo Alto design guidelines and
standards for publicly owned parks, allow public access and design to
support recreation. I can read the words obviously, but I'm not sure I
understand what the effect of that is and what that looks like in a

                                                                         Page 24 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
