                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: You would still have the ARB findings and the ability to impose
conditions on the project.

Mayor Burt: The sort of conditions that we were talking about, would those
be able to be made through the ARB findings?

Mr. Lait: Possibly. I think that the variance and what the applicant is
attempting to do versus what the Council is expressing an interest in may
have perhaps more opportunity for us to impose some of those conditions. I
do think the next time, if the Council does ask us to come back with this,
appreciate the open-mindedness to consider the possibility of a variance.
There's some nuance to the variance findings.            We're doing some
comparisons to the properties in the RP zone. Really the variance is a
comparison to the other properties in the CS zone. There is a distinction. I
think there may be a little more opportunity to perhaps consider the grounds
for a variance if we were able to lay out some of that nuance a little bit
more.

Mayor Burt: The other thing that occurs to me is that we're looking at how
this project, under our 2.0 maximum FAR for a hotel overlay, fits. We're
really talking about some things that perhaps should be part of that
allowance for the high FAR or whatever FAR we have for a hotel overlay.
We've had some discussion about whether that amount of FAR should be
reduced in the hotel overlay. I don't think it's just that issue. If we're giving
what we've seen as the market is responding to, viewing that FAR to be a
high allowance, especially given the constraints we've placed on other office
and commercial development, it becomes an even more attractive
alternative for developers. We don't link anything currently to that FAR. We
don't require the hotels to have state of the art TDM programs, nor whatever
else we may want to link with that. Is there going to be an opportunity for
the Council to weigh in on the additional potential conditions or modifications
to the hotel overlay zone? Where would that fit in our plan of legislative
items going ahead?

Mr. Lait: This application that would be going through the process is not
subject to the hotel overlay zone. It's set forth in the Code that you can do
up to 2.0 with a hotel. The comments that you're making would be part of a
larger policy direction to the Planning Staff to say this is something
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I'm asking is there anywhere within our planning schedule
which we could address in any modifications that we may want to make to
the hotel overlay zone.


                                                                         Page 46 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
