                          TRANSCRIPT
conduct outreach on the content of polling, conduct a first round of polling,
and then return to Council for development of a recommended approach." I
think that would fix it. Would it not?

Mayor Burt: I think so.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion, “for development of a
recommended approach” and to replace in the Motion, “report back to
Council” with “return to Council for development of a recommended
approach.”

Council Member Schmid: I think a critical issue is the timing. We need to
make a decision as soon as possible whether November is a realistic time
period.   I think that recommendation would be part of the ad hoc
committee's coming back to Council.

Mayor Burt:    The committee could recommend, but the Council would
decide.

Council Member Schmid: Or give them options.

Mayor Burt: It could be ... Why don't we say with alternatives as opposed
to a recommendation? Maybe that's the better way to do it. We'll digest the
information and present alternatives. Does that seem reasonable?

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

Council Member Holman: It'd be "with alternatives on recommended
approaches"?

Mayor Burt: On approaches.

Council Member Holman: Their own approaches, okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “a recommended
approach” with “alternatives on approaches.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Just a word of caution. I think looking back at
November of '09 probably would be helpful. I wasn't here then. I don't
know who was involved in that election. I think the City Manager was here
then. Since the past can be helpful in making decisions about where we're

                                                                       Page 93 of 99
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/14/16
