                          TRANSCRIPT
would just like to say that the real picture is not more housing here versus
the status quo. There's going to be people. If there aren't people here,
there will be living in Manteca or something, who drive every day. The big
picture of housing growth is really what matters here, which the local view
may tend to ignore. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return for discussion. If I might exercise
discretion, Ms. Summa's analogy of the grocery shopping got me thinking.
I'll offer a variation of that analogy. We're all familiar with the federal food
pyramid. What we're really looking at here is a combination of how much
fruit and vegetables we eat versus how much meat and how much in
carbohydrates and fat. Layered over that, how many calories total? We're
trying to deal with certain combinations of those to give us scenarios that
represent bookends of what we might have as different variations of healthy
living and less healthy living or those kinds of things. At the risk of having
pushed that analogy to the edge of the cliff, we'll go ahead and proceed.
Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I wonder if you could put up your last slide, the
performance measures. Ultimately, you pointed out we need to address this
issue at the CAC; it would be a good place to look at this. How do you
balance     development     performance     measures    against    community
performance measures? A number of people from the public made the point
that these performance measures are expensive. They cost big money, big
dollars.     We've gone through the experience with Transportation
Management Association (TMA). That has been a City goal since 1988. It
was identified as a prime strategy to deal with growth management. Here
we are 30 years later having TMA as a prime strategy. The problem is it
costs money. The only effective TMA program in town has been the SUMC.
They did it by agreeing to specific performance measures, measured
carefully every year, putting up front costs, committing $2.5 million per year
to make it happen. They have been successful, partially because they're a
single employer, but they're dealing with $2.5 million new workers, so
they're spending $2.5 million per year. Their goal is to get 35 percent of
those workers out of automobiles. That's a little measure of what we need
as we move forward in these scenarios. Stanford Research Park, the
Downtown, California Avenue, Citywide TMA, real resources to have even a
one-third impact. The other consequences are coming. The performance
measure discussion is critical. As pointed out on Page 291, there are other
activities going on at the Council level. Policy L-8 needs to be discussed as
part of the land use. We have annual caps, which will need to be discussed
before April 2017. It would seem to me to have an effective discussion of
performance measures, it would be a necessary part of the CAC and
PlaceWorks as our consultant to assess performance measures against
                                                                          Page 41 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
