                          TRANSCRIPT
next 14 years. Could we match what we've done in the last nine or match
that rate of change and bring us to a fairly dramatic improvement in our
emissions? California has set a course of reducing emissions 80 percent by
2050, an intermediate target of 40 percent by 2030. We're almost at that
2030 target already. We can continue the trend that we have been on
which—sorry, we've got some numbers cut off there—could take us to
probably about 50 percent by 2030. We can follow a business as usual
course. This is the current estimate in the Comprehensive Plan that takes us
to about 40 percent by 2030, not a whole lot of change in those next 14
years. We could target the 80 percent goal that the State of California has
set but target it 20 years early, moving from the 35 percent we are now to
80. As you know from our prior discussions in the course of work that Betty
and our team have done, we've looked at three different scenarios of
different rates of reduction. What we'd like to discuss with you is this one in
particular, 80 percent reduction by 2030. We've done as, Mayor, you've
pointed out carbon neutral electricity over the past few years. We have the
opportunity of stepping next to a carbon neutral utility as we look at the
electrification strategies and moving out of natural gas. At some future
point, perhaps we can be a carbon neutral City. There are none yet on the
planet. There are cities that are talking about that. Palo Alto is probably
poised more effectively than anybody else to do that. I want to suggest that
even though we're talking about sustainability and climate, that's not really
what this conversation is about. We tend to think about sustainability and
climate as constraining impacts that we need to reduce emissions that we
need to reduce. I think you've heard from Professor Heck that this is really
a conversation about opportunity, about innovation, changes that are
coming in the economy that we can either ride or enhance and use to our
advantage or ignore opportunities to redesign the systems that we live in,
reinvent the ways that we do things, and develop solutions that are better,
better performance, safer for our people, more economical as well as more
sustainable. The question came up about the tradeoffs between better
environmental performance and better economic performance. It's a false
notion. Done well, this is solid investment strategy that produces clear
benefits and financial returns and multiple dimensions of return. I hope
Stefan's cogent and clear and detailed presentation has given you a sense of
that and the value of sustainability, not just as a philosophical goal but as a
lens through which we can look and identify opportunities that we might not
see otherwise, that might not be evident in purely financial analysis or
demographic analysis. The ecological dimension and the system dimension
that Stefan talked about, I think, opens up some insight and new
opportunities for us. What I'd like to do at this point is ask you, since you
were all there yesterday, most of you for most of the day. You heard the
presentation that I gave that summarized where we are with the plan at this
point. Would you like me to go through a very brief summary of what I
                                                                        Page 50 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
