                          TRANSCRIPT
report that's before you today other than in this slide. That $1.3 million was
reflected in the third quarter financial report. We wanted to, just in case
anyone had read that, make sure there was continuity amongst all of the
numerous things that you have before you for review. That is based on the
most current estimates. Of course, these are estimates. These are ranges;
they may or may not come to fruition. Staff does have that option, that the
$1.3 million be used for the golf course which you'll see later on your
agenda. I want to say maybe on the 20th. The $4.3 million shown on Slide
10 is really kind of giving you guys the context. There was some discussion
at the Finance Committee over whether or not we should be above or below
that 18.5 percent target for the BSR. Something we wanted to make sure
everyone was clear on is, even though we are readjusting the capital project
schedule for three of our projects, we still anticipate that they will come to
fruition. Reducing the General Fund transfer to the general CIP is really a
one-time solution. Although that's increasing your BSR in your Fiscal Year
'17 by that $4.3 million, if everything stayed equal, you may need to
transfer that back to the general CIP in order to re-fund those three projects
at a later time. It may be a one-time increase to your BSR. That's kind of
what we're trying to articulate on this slide.

Council Member DuBois: That's the same as Scenario B, right? There was
like $5.4 million ...

Ms. Nose: Scenario ...

Mr. Keene: Scenario A and Scenario B are in the—Page 6 and 7, not the
Packet Page. There are different packet pages. On mine, they're Packet
Page 128 and 129. There are these charts that you see in there. It may be
a little hard to see, because the labels are in the narrative at the top of Page
6 or Page 128. It says Scenario A at the very top, and then you'll see these
charts. I think the easiest way to say this is that we're very close to
Scenario B in the recommendation that we have. You've got it up there on
Slide 9, the variation that we have.

Council Member DuBois:        Isn't Slide 10 the more accurate, with the
additional revenue?

Ms. Nose: Actually, Slide 9 is—if you guys approved everything in front of
you as it's outlined in all of the reports, you'll end up here at Slide 9. You'll
end up with a $41.6 million General Fund BSR, about 21 percent. The other
information on Slide 10 is just context for you guys of some other additional
potential variables. Those items are not in the recommended actions before
you tonight.


                                                                              Page 44 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
