                          TRANSCRIPT
There's no point in trying to sell those projects anywhere. No one will buy in
any quantity at all. This is just going to make it worse. That's the best it
gets here, and it just goes worse than that. We're in a City where you have
very low rates. That works against solar admittedly. Making solar even less
attractive is just going to drive solar out of the City. Making it more difficult,
it doesn't seem like that goes with what I saw as a clean initiative that was
adopted, I saw, in 2014 here. Killing solar in the City shouldn't be part of
your CLEAN program, I wouldn't think. I would ask—also the other thing is
that the NEM cap is available for the Council to set however you want to set
it, if you want to raise the NEM cap, if you want to ignore the NEM cap. The
urgency is artificial. You do not have to act on the cap. If you want to give
yourselves some more time, very easily go to the non-coincident peak load.
That's what most of the rest of the state's already done. You can do the
same. That'll raise the cap and give you time to consider this thoroughly.
Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is David Coale. Welcome.

David Coale: My name is David Coale. I'm with Carbon Free Palo Alto, and
I'm also a solar installer here in Palo Alto. In our view, the Net Metering
successor plan largely does a good job of navigating a compromise and the
constraints of Prop 26 and delivers many benefits that the old system did.
We support the plan. This will have virtually no effect on large commercial
installations in that they use all their power during the day and never net out
positive even during the day. That's 85 percent of Palo Alto's electricity
usage, so there's virtually no effect there. The economics of solar has
improved radically in the last several years and will continue to improve.
This program will not kill solar in Palo Alto. It will change the payback and,
for some, that will be a deal breaker. This new rate will in fact incentivize
storage in Palo Alto. This will be precedent setting, and perhaps this will be
one of the benefits as including solar. If we look at the larger view of the
context of this, I would much rather have the citizens of Palo Alto invest
their discretionary funds in fuel switching rather than in solar. In Palo Alto
we have carbon-free electricity. When we take the greater, larger view, with
all due respect to the solar industry, of climate change, the discretionary
funds that could be spent on an electric vehicle (EV) or heat pump water
heater are going to reduce our emissions far more than adding more solar
where we already have carbon-free electricity. In that sense, in that larger
picture, I support this plan as well. What does need to change and what has
been before some of you but Staff has not reviewed adequately is the
grandfathering clause. It is great that they're grandfathering this in. With
the 10 percent addition, that means nothing. No one's going to pull a permit
for a 10 percent addition on any residential system, just not worth it. That's
a non-starter. Staff kind of pulled that out of other proposals wanting to
                                                                          Page 31 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/22/16
