                          TRANSCRIPT
discussing with the Council later in April and May. Finally, it's an opportunity
to address—I think we all recognize one of the significant planning issues of
the day. Some of the issues that we will have the opportunity to discuss this
evening and that we hope to get your input on include the potential
relocation of some of the housing sites. We'll talk about those sites in south
Palo Alto that we committed in our Housing Element to reexamine. We also
want to get your input on some new ideas like potentially changing zoning
regulations to replace non-retail, commercial Floor Area Ratio (FAR) with
residential FAR in certain parts of the City; also potential changes to zoning
to encourage small units, micro units, accessory dwelling units and other
forms of housing. I'm sure the Council will have some additional ideas to
put on the table this evening for discussion.          The context of these
discussions, I think you know, is increasing housing costs throughout our
region and in the City, changing demographics and long commutes. We've
had many conversations with the Council about the impacts of growth and
what's happening over all in the region. This is just part of that story. Also
part of the context is the ratio of jobs to housing. We talk about it here as a
ratio between jobs and employed residents. This chart is showing the ratio
in the region, the County and the City. As we've talked about in the Council
meetings quite recently, the ratio in the City is almost 3:1. The bottom line
really is that we are not producing housing in our region enough to keep
pace with job growth. That's true anywhere and also in Palo Alto. This is
just a bar chart showing units produced per year. You'll see in some years
we do a really great job and produce a lot of housing; in other years, not
very much at all. We have a long-term average—I meant to find out how
many years are in this average, but I didn't—of about 149 households per
year which equates to 160 units or so. Also in terms of the City's plans, the
context of what we're talking about here this evening include the City's
adopted Housing Element. We adopted the Housing Element in December of
2014, and then it was certified by the State in January 2015. We also, as
you know, have the ongoing Comprehensive Plan Update. We're setting the
City's goals, policies and programs for Land Use, Transportation and the rest
through the year 2030, which is quite a bit longer, a longer look than the
Housing Element. We're also preparing the program-level EIR for the Comp
Plan Update. There's the promise that we will do implementing regulatory
changes, changes to our zoning regulations either concurrent with or
following adoption of the Comp Plan Update. Those are all part of the
context of what we're talking about this evening. Let me just go into a little
more detail about the Housing Element. A lot of this is in your Staff Report.
This Housing Element was adopted at the end of 2014. It basically contains
an analysis of housing needs and constraints. Then it talks about how the
City will meet its Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA), contains an
inventory of sites and contains a number of quantitative objectives and
implementation programs intended to facilitate the provision of housing for
                                                                         Page 49 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
