                         TRANSCRIPT
analysis parallel to the one we've done already for these scenarios, and we
would circulate that for public review before we proceed to the Final EIR.

Council Member DuBois: We're still expecting people to comment within 90
days on these four.

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. We would like comments on this Draft EIR within 90
days. At the end of the 90-day period, we would have to quickly as a group
land on what we think the additional or preferred scenario is. Then we
would analyze that and circulate that document for another comment period
before we proceed to the final.

Council Member DuBois:      Real quick, a couple of other areas.  The
greenhouse gas impacts, didn't appear that we included the impact of
construction under greenhouse gas. Construction is considered another
impact area. Is that right?

Ms. Gitelman: I will have to look at that and get back to you.

Council Member DuBois: The significant area of interest, basically Stanford.
Do we get assumptions on their growth over that time period? Are we
basically assuming it was fixed?

Ms. Gitelman: Good question. We did not assume additional growth in the
sphere beyond what's allowed in the General Use Permit (GUP). We already
have an issue with Stanford proposing housing beyond what's in the GUP.
We'll have to look at that. When we reevaluate whatever scenario the
Council comes up with, we'll include that additional change in the analysis.

Council Member DuBois: We know about that proposal. Did we have any
discussion with them about their forecast to 2030?

Ms. Gitelman: No. We've been relying on what the County has approved for
them to this point.

Council Member DuBois: I didn't see any analysis of High Speed Rail impact.
Was it just assumed that either Caltrain or High Speed Rail would maximize
use of the tracks?

Ms. Gitelman: I'll have to ask the traffic consultants. I think in the traffic
analysis of those intersections on Alma, they may have considered an
increase in frequency, not designating which service would be using the
tracks. I'll have to check that and get back to you.

Council Member DuBois: Even in like noise and everything, I just wonder if
we should consider High Speed Rail as an impact. On the housing, we
                                                                        Page 26 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
