                          TRANSCRIPT
an immediate holding place, and then on to a horse rescue or a horse
adoption place. None of this in our eyes is very complicated problems that
we have to solve. They're in essence subcontracts or contracts with different
providers. For example, with wildlife right now, our animal shelter—if
wildlife is brought in, it goes to the Peninsula Humane Society. I would
assume that the same contract would continue with Pets in Need. That's
kind of the high-level view of the service conversation.

Mayor Burt: That's helpful for me. I hope it is for colleagues as well. Thank
you. Let's proceed on discussion and potential Motion on the Action. Who
would like to proceed first? Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you for all the hard Staff work. I know, Cash,
you spent huge amounts of time working with stakeholders and the
community on this and moving forward on it. I think what the Mayor said
was really pertinent. It's going to be important to judge when we get the
contract. This notion—I'm rambling a little bit. What I wanted to say was
that obviously we can't nail everything down tonight. I at least for one am
interested in moving forward to see where you guys get. Pets in Need,
when they listen to the discussion tonight, we as a Council are probably
fairly interested in maintaining similar services, not necessarily identical, but
very similar, for the residents of Palo Alto. I think that's part of the
negotiating framework. Obviously if you can't come to a deal, you'll come
back to us and tell us you can't come to a deal. If the deal you come to is
not really within what looks like similar services to us, it may not pass
Council muster. I've been impressed with the sincerity you exude when you
come up and talk about things and the passion you have for animals. That
really comes through. I for one am going to support taking the next step
and will move the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to direct Staff to proceed with exclusive negotiations with Pets In Need, a
501(c)3 nonprofit organization, to provide animal care services and develop
a plan for animal shelter facility construction or rehabilitation, and to return
to City Council by December 2016 with a recommended agreement.

Mayor Burt: That's a Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, second by Council
Member Holman. Would you like to speak further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I also wanted to say I really appreciate the
employees coming. I thought the comments you made were very good and
pertinent, a lot of it. I just wanted to say I really appreciate it. I appreciate
all the members of the public speaking. Again, I do know that Staff spent
                                                                         Page 59 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
