                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Let me share with you my experience with the cost of
permits. I have a rental in Mountain View. The tenants had a very teeny-
tiny fire in a television. It just got some smoke around. No big deal. The
insurance took care of it, no problem. However, the firemen came in; they
smashed the electrical panel, and they wet down the walls. That made it
necessary to replace the electrical panel and replace the wall board. The
tenants said, "This might be a good time to upgrade the 60-year-old, knob
electrical wiring since the sheetrock has to come off anyway." I said, "Sure.
I'll call." Biggest mistake of my life. I called the building department and I
said, "I want to know what your new requirements are, because I'm going to
upgrade the electricity in my little house." I thought they'd be delighted.
"We don't tell you that," he said. "No, no," he said, "You come in with a
drawing of what you want to do. If we approve of it, we'll give you a permit.
By the way, the permit doubles if you start work without a permit." I said,
"By the way, where is this house?" Of course, they knew where the house
was because we had to replace the electrical panel. I said, "I'm not really
sure I want to bring you into this at this point. Maybe I won't replace the
electricity." They were out there the next day. On their first attempt, they
were turned away by a workman who was there. He said, "I'm so sorry. I
can't let you in, but I'm sure the owner will. Just let me call her." Off they
went, leaving behind a stop work order, which is also a subpoena. I went to
them—I want to give you the punchline to this. It turned out they also
wanted me—the tenants had also taken a bathtub out, and they wanted me
to have a permit to put the bathtub back. It was going to be $1,000. Give
me a break. I will not do it if it's against the law, but I'm not going to rent
this out. My husband and I are just going to live in it. It's our little
retirement place. "No," said Shelly, "You can't live in it. You can't do
anything except amass fines and amass fines until finally the house is
boarded up." I thought, "My God. Is this the United State of America that
I'm living in? We sent off young men to die so that people wouldn't have to
suffer communism." It was one of the bad days …

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Munoz: … of my life.

Public Hearing closed at 9:41 P.M.

Mayor Burt: We will now return to the Council. I'll entertain a Motion. Vice
Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This is my actual concern with this whole thing. It
seems designed for people that are doing major or minor remodels for the
                                                                         Page 84 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
