                          TRANSCRIPT
We haven't established, for example, uniform standards across the whole
organization; although, we talk about both that and being able to have more
analytics and measurement ourselves as an organization as to what we're
doing. We defaulted to saying we'd rather start getting more feedback from
the community, and then modify and design our responses rather than
trying to figure out how to design it all in advance and then go out to the
community. It's an ongoing process. I would say we're still constantly
learning. We made some adaptations recently that I've been complaining
about, about adding too much input that, I think, a user would feel it gets
onerous. You know what I mean? You're asking for too much information.
We're kind of constantly getting feedback from our users in making
modifications.

Council Member Holman: What you're saying is it started out with Public
Works, which makes sense, and now it's been deployed over, say, Utilities,
Planning. Other departments are utilizing the 311 now as well.

Mr. Reichental: Yes, all community-facing services are now.

Mr. Keene: Just for example—again, this seems like hodgepodge because
it's been evolving and things are nested within here. There's bicycle, City
building maintenance, Code Enforcement, computer issue, dangerous
condition, debris in parking garages, debris in roadways, drought,
waterways, environmental issue, graffiti removal, health hazard, homeless,
illegal dumping, leaf blower enforcement, missed street sweeping, noise
complaint, storm drains, street lights and traffic signals, sidewalk. All of
those pop up in the drop-down menu.

Council Member Holman: You have a demo?

Mr. Reichental: Massive risk in doing this, but we'll do it.

Council Member Holman: We're forgiving as well as demanding.

Mr. Keene: Go into the City Council portal that we put up—no, just kidding.

Mr. Reichental: To be cognizant of the time, I'll just do two demos real fast.
The first is the open data website, which you could get to by typing
data.cityofpaloalto.org. That takes you to this page here which is sets of
data that are logically grouped around major areas, City services, library.
I'm actually just going to go, because it's topical, to Palo Alto 311. Hoping it
all behaves nicely. It's going to take a moment just to spin up the different
reports. This is data that's called near real time; data created this afternoon
on Palo Alto 311 should be showing up here. Let me see if there's anything
interesting to show you.       Down here, this is probably—I'm struggling
                                                                         Page 16 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
