                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Atkinson: We are working on implementing it at Cowper-Webster and
should have that available within the month.

Council Member Kniss: In a month or so?

Ms. Atkinson: Within a month.

Council Member Kniss: One other thing. Molly, you can weigh in if this isn't
appropriate at this time. Have we continued to look for a satellite parking
area? We have some concerns that there may be ad hoc satellite areas,
where people are parking and then carpooling in. In fact, we've heard pretty
definitively that exists.

James Keene, City Manager: Council Member Kniss and members of the
Council, as you recall or maybe as I recall and hopefully we're in agreement
on this. The only specific site we had identified was down in the Baylands as
a satellite parking area. We did the analysis on that, and we ultimately took
it off. There was a volume question. There were impact issues. Even some
of the thought—we were looking at the larger parking lot at the golf course.
We just ran into issues about capacity as it relates to our Park Ordinance
and those things. As I understand it, we're not actively looking at any
satellite sites.

Council Member Kniss: Yes, I do remember that. It's regrettable that we
don't have some other site we could use. I think that would relieve more of
this in the Downtown than it currently does.

Council Member Kniss: Pardon? Karen wants to use Menlo Park. Great
idea. This is not my first time sitting here. Thank you for answering those
questions. I know it's a complicated program. You've really hung in there
on it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: On the May 2016 midday map, it has some
striking outliers. Zone 1 and part of 2 seem filled, but then in 4 and 5 and
even 6, which are well away from the Downtown, there's very heavy
parking. Is there a reason why certain blocks like that are pulled off? It's
east of Middlefield or south of Homer. There seem to be concentrations of
parking. How do you interpret that?

Ms. Atkinson: If you're referencing May, that's roughly about a month into
the program. People were still settling into the employee parking zone
approach. We did see improvement moving into June. As I said, it's still a
pilot. It's not perfect. In Zones 1 and 2, we expected to see clustering of
                                                                      Page 77 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
