                          TRANSCRIPT
that. We're on Emerson Street. I was here in 2009 when the downturn in
the economy allowed landholders on the block behind us, High Street to
Alma Street south of University, to push for a leniency in the ground-floor
retail. It was a bit of a shock when I found that we were all of a sudden on
the edge of town rather than more central in town. We have seen shifts
from that. I would very much like to see what's being proposed here in
terms of getting that block back into the retail community be enforced. I
think that's really important. I think that the entrance to Palo Alto is seen as
coming in from El Camino on University Avenue. You should be hitting town
when you hit Alma. That should be happening. To have all of that blocked
off is not a great thing. Thank you for considering that. I'd really like to see
that happen. Interestingly Chop Keenan was one of the people who pushed
for that at the time. He claimed hardship, and two weeks later he was cited
in the local newspaper as saying that he could rent anything at any time for
any price. When you hear people say that it's a hardship to do that, you
might just take it with a grain of salt. His current building, his new Mayan
temple on the corner of Hamilton and High Street, I noticed had no door
directly to the outside. It only goes through a lobby. He's clearly thinking in
some other terms. I wanted to thank you, Council Member Kniss, for
mentioning the barbershop. It's probably been there 70 years. Before we
start legislating against personal services, you might look at what they are
and what they serve. Thank you, Council Member Holman, for mentioning
small businesses as stakeholders. I get really, really edgy when I hear that
specific "stakeholders" are being targeted to give input. All I start thinking
is "Right, and we're left out." Think very carefully about that. I think it
needs to be a more general outreach. Also, personal services all being
pushed to the south of University can be a real problem. We're right next
door to a nail salon. Imagine how you'd feel if 20 people at a time for 10
hours a day were getting nail polish remover next to you. It stinks. There
needs to be legislation that deals with that. When the wind changes, we
have to close our door, which cuts our business by over 60 percent when we
do that. That's a consideration too. Thank you for doing this. I'm really
excited about getting ground-floor retail happening. I'd like to see it
expand. Thanks very much.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Christian
Hansen.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening. There's a very good reason for the
legislation against having non-stores on the ground floor. It's because the
stores help each other to generate business. They get people in the mood of
buying. People walk down the street, and they think, "Isn't it wonderful to
be rich enough to own things and acquire things. Aren't they nice looking?
Won't it be just spiffy, ginger peachy if I could own." The beauty shop, the
                                                                        Page 73 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
