                          TRANSCRIPT
room also running for Assembly. It seems to me you should get a good idea
of what you would like the Legislature to do for Palo Alto to implement an
orderly and beautiful and acceptable way of low income housing. This is
what I would like to suggest. I would like to suggest that instead of taking a
paternalistic attitude about what you will allow and who will be, you make it
a marketplace decision.         I would like to suggest that when you give
permission to build a structure which is higher, you immediately improve the
value because the roof and the foundation and the land can all be shared
amongst all units. I'd like to suggest that you start with the model of the
Ronald McDonald House, which is every person that's renting or occupying
the structure gets a big bedroom and a nice, acceptable bathroom and a
little bitty kitchen, like one you'd have in many hotels. I'm sure you've gone
skiing or to resorts, and they all have a little kitchen, like a dorm fridge, a
sink, a little microwave. Let's say it was $400 a month because Social
Security recipients get a minimum of $800. Suppose they want to only pay
that, fine, then they don't have to pay the extra $100 or $200 for the
parking place and the extra $100 for the nice, big storage room in the
basement. Those can be divided up according to wealth. If you've ever
been to Ronald McDonald House, I suggest that you go. The point is that
there are community facilities that make up for the rather limited range that
you have. A nice big kitchen with lockers and freezers where you can go
roast that turkey for the 12-person family dinner and little rooms and
computers and viewing rooms. I think anybody could afford that, and you'd
like it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bob Moss, to be followed by
Herb Borock.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. This is a new
item; I hadn't seen it in the packet earlier. Looking at the report, it appears
what is being proposed is to eliminate any city control of the Zoning
Ordinance and designation of land uses. For example, it says that you can
build these multifamily housing units on any site which is zoned residential,
which means the R-1 zones and the R-1-10,000 zones are no longer
restricted to single-family homes. They could become apartment sites. It
also talks about not requiring CEQA evaluation, which means if someone
wants to build a large number of these multifamily developments on a street
which is extremely narrow or build housing over a site which is toxically
contaminated, you wouldn't be allowed to do any evaluation and find out
that this could be a real serious problem to health and safety. I think this
proposal is beyond appalling. It's truly stupid. Whoever proposed it has no
concept of proper land use, safety, environmental issues or what makes a
city livable. I would certainly urge that the City Council send a letter
strongly opposing this and point out it is more likely to damage a community
                                                                           Page 35 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
