                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I can be brief, but I don't think what I have to say
is going to be conclusive. I think people will want to have comments to my
comments. I could be wrong.

Mayor Burt:   Let me give it a shot.   Let's refocus here.     Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Allow me to finish please, and I appreciate the
concern that Council Member ...

Mayor Burt: Just continue please.

Council Member Wolbach: To finish the point I was making, we've heard
from Council Member Filseth and others for a long time about the
unavoidable impacts such as impacts on schools. We've heard about this
tonight; that's why I'm discussing it. The unavoidable impacts on schools,
parks, water, traffic, parking, the aesthetic character of the community,
crime, etc., that are unavoidably supposedly accompanying any substantial
future housing growth. It was a surprise to me when I heard from Council
Member Filseth when we sat down for coffee before we started serving on
Council together, and he admitted to me that actually he agrees these are
solvable problems. They're actually not unavoidable problems as they've
always been described as.

Mayor Burt: Just focus on your comments.

Council Member Wolbach: These are my comments. My point is ...

Mayor Burt: You're now ...

Council Member Wolbach: My point is ...

Mayor Burt: I'm going to end this item if we can't focus on comments on
the scenarios, not coffee with Council Member Filseth a year ago, any of
those things. I'm just telling you we're going to do that.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be done in two minutes or less. The point is
as we work through these scenarios, there is widespread recognition that the
impacts of housing growth are solvable problems. They're not unavoidable.
When it comes to the specifics, quickly. Attachment F talks about loosening
the height limit for Scenario 6. Although I've been surprised by the number
of people in the community who are starting to advocate for changing the
height limit, I might be comfortable with saying that we'd explore changing
the height limit. Right now, it's identified as something that would happen
as part of Scenario 6 and perhaps others. I don't think that the community

                                                                            Page 89 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
