                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: With Trader Joe's doing this, it's not always peak time.
Is that correct?

Mr. Black: We analyzed three time periods for our traffic study. You're right
that there's a problem, as you described, that could happen at noon or
10:00 A.M. in the morning or pretty much any time.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What I do notice there that's really different is most of
our traffic congestion is driven by commute—it strikes me—in the City.
Whereas, this traffic congestion is driven by Town and Country, a lot of it.
On the weekends, it's as bad if not worse, frankly, than during the week. I
just wanted to validate that. It's because, I think, all the people are
shopping there. Is that ...

Mr. Black: You are correct. We didn't do any weekend counts, but the
counts that we did throughout the day showed exactly what you're
describing. There wasn't a marked peak in the morning and peak in the
afternoon commute like you see in a lot of locations, where it's the
commuters that are out there. The traffic that's out there is pretty much
busy all day long. That's more indicative of a pattern where you have a lot
of shoppers on the road.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Option 2 solves this problem, and Option 1 doesn't.
That's where that 2 1/2 second delay ...

Mr. Mello: Option 2 removes some of the friction that occurs from people
exiting the Trader Joe's driveway at the same time people are moving over
to the curb to turn right into Town and Country, and also the friction that
occurs at El Camino with crossing pedestrians, right-turning vehicles and
through-vehicles. By providing those two dedicated right turn-lanes, you're
eliminating some of that friction and enabling people to move through the
intersections a little bit quicker. That's where that 2.5 seconds comes from.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When you take the bike lane, you either cross the side
or you take the on-street traffic bike lane, either way. If you're going what I
think of as northbound on El Camino—is that westbound? I think of it as
northbound, going towards Downtown.             They call it something.    It's
westbound, right?     You don't know.        When I consider going towards
University Avenue on that, there's no bike lane or way to get there on the
non-Stanford side. Most people, I would assume, would cross and take the
Perimeter Trail. That's a Class IV bikeway path. It's completely dedicated,
and you can go forward. Do we have any counts or sense of that?

Mr. Mello: Coming from where?

                                                                        Page 70 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
