                         TRANSCRIPT
John Karl Fredrich: Good evening. I'm John Fredrich, candidate for City
Council, and I certainly support the animal services. I'm here tonight to
correct the record from the October 24th meeting. I'm probably one of the
1,000-plus signatures on their petition. In that meeting, there was a dispute
as to what the language of Proposition 64 said. I read from the record,
contrary to the opinion of the City Attorney, that growing in an area that is
unlocked or visible from a public place is illegal under this measure. That
means you cannot grow it in front of your house or at the side of your house
unless there was a seven foot fence, something that protected it from eye
level. Also, it was claimed that it could be grown in community gardens,
which does not fit the language of the measure that it has to be not visible
by normal, unaided vision from a public place. Since community gardens
are of themselves a public place, it could not be hidden under those
circumstances. Those are items of fact that the City Attorney was in error of
in her presentation. When challenged, they made that statement twice, and
the Mayor even asked at the end, "Do you stand by your opinion?" I want to
thank Mayor Burt and Councilman Schmid for declining to recognize the
urgency of this measure as my contention that night was that the measure
should be voted on by the public before any action needs to be taken.
Ordinance 4422 that was passed under the medical marijuana thing should
be explained to have been necessary. Is this a problem in the first place?
The idea that the California Cities League says here, the disclaimer, this is
not intended for legal advice but should be referred to an attorney—it should
have also been referred to the District Attorney, State Attorney General and
the Attorney General of the United States before action is taken. The fact is
that marijuana is still a Schedule 1 prohibited drug. At any time, the Federal
government can shut down any operation, even those that are allowed by
Proposition 64. I think you need to do a little more homework on this. I
also would disagree with the conclusion here that the resource impact is
negative, that there's no resource impact. If you make this like the leaf
blower act and choose not to enforce it, then yes, it would be no impact. If
you're going to take the services to do something, then you're going to have
costs attending to this measure. I'd like the record to show those changes.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Kip Husty, to be followed by
our final speaker, Keith Bennett.

Kip Husty: There was no emergency. This was ridiculous. Cory, the last
time I was here I pointed out—you were electing Council Member Holman as
Mayor. I pointed out that she had supported no camping, and you kind of
bent over backwards to say it was okay. You got my vote because you
came out against the measure. Are we doing the same thing? Medical
marijuana is an important, life-saving part of the California law. What does
Proposition 64 do to it? We don't know. What do you guys do? If you don't
                                                                          Page 7 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
