                          TRANSCRIPT
of office space per employee, that added over 8,000 jobs to Palo Alto's job
base. In that same period of time, 2008 to 2015, only 550 apartment units
were entitled. These number include the large Stanford housing project
which added 180 of those units. As you know, these numbers are heavily
weighted to the nonresidential square footage. To conclude, there's clearly
the demand and need for housing in Palo Alto. The project we are proposing
will provide an attainable product relative to what Palo Alto currently offers.
Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return to the Council for questions of either
Staff, or I will entertain questions to the applicant through the Chair. Who
would like to go first? Council Member DuBois. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Some technical questions. If this lot were zoned
CN, what would the FAR be and what would the allowable height be?

Ms. Hodgkins: Great question. We actually have a pocket slide on that, that
shows a comparison. We'll bring that up right now. The height for CN
requirement is 40 feet. Did you have any other specific ...

Council Member DuBois: The Floor Area Ratio (FAR).

Ms. Hodgkins: The FAR is 1.0 to one—because CN is required to be mixed
use, it's 0.5:1.0 for nonresidential and 0.51 to residential.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. What are the allowed uses under the
PF zone?

Jodie Gerhardt, Planning Manager: We have accessory facility uses, eating
and drinking in conjunction with a permitted use, retail, things of that
nature, but there isn't residential. There's churches, education, etc.

Council Member DuBois:        Is there also medical, outpatient medical or
something?

Ms. Gerhardt: There's hospitals, and outpatient would be a Conditional Use
Permit.

Council Member DuBois: I don't know if you can answer, if the applicant
needs to answer. I'm curious. What is the relationship between Windy Hill
and Pollack Financial Group?

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Mr. Spieker: Windy Hill currently has an option on the property where
Pollack Financial would participate financially should this get approved.
                                                                         Page 7 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
