                           TRANSCRIPT
for the Council's consideration. We'd come back to you in the months
ahead. I would at this time like to ask if Chair Reckdahl from the Parks and
Rec. Commission would come up and say a few words about the experience
that the Commission's had working with Staff.

Mayor Burt: Welcome.

Keith Reckdahl, Parks and Recreation Commission Chairman: Thank you.
Before I start, I should really thank the Staff. We've had a lot of meetings
with Staff. They've been very generous with their time, and we appreciate
that. The meetings have been very thoughtful and very productive. We
appreciate the collaboration. It's been a lot of work, but we think we're
pushing the ball forward. One thing that really concerns the Commission
right now is that we make this Report very usable. We have so much data
right now, it's very easy to get swamped with data. This isn't just some
theoretical document; this is something that we're going to be using to
design parks. We have to keep that in mind, that this is not just a core
dump of data. This is something that we'll be using. The Master Plan is a
high-level document, we want to keep it at that high level. Sometimes, you
can't keep it at the high level. For example, dog parks. If they just say we
need more dog parks, we knew that. That hides all those details like the
locations and the size of the land shortage that make dog parks just a very
tricky situation. That's why sometimes you need to have the details in there
to support the conclusions, but we want to keep only the details that are
needed. We don't want to go out and just overwhelm the user with any type
of data just for the data's sake. We really are spending a lot of time
addressing and studying the right level. We don't want to get bogged down
in data. It's kind of like the goldilocks level, not too much, not too little, just
right. In conclusion, the Staff and the Commission, this is a big opportunity;
it doesn't happen very often. We want to make the most of this, and we
want to end it with something that we can use. It doesn't just sit on the
shelf unused. We want to make sure that this is a usable document, that it
draws conclusions from all the data that we have, and that this can make
our parks a better situation. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. de Geus: For us, we're interested in hearing Council's overall feedback
on the process. We gave you a much more comprehensive Staff Report this
time around. We want to get feedback on that, and then also hear your
level of confidence for us moving forward to start developing those
recommended policies, programs and projects to bring back to you next
time. That's what I would leave with you.


                                                                           Page 97 of 113
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/25/16
