                          TRANSCRIPT
whatever, I'd say fine. That's not what I heard. I heard for one street
basically, they want a separate program. That much more difficult to
accomplish given the resources, given what we need to do. I also think that
that one gets a lower priority in my view. If they did want to be annexed,
then we could accomplish that fairly quickly and do that. I'd have to hear
from the neighborhood that that's what they want to do. On Edgewood, I
think we just need to understand what's going on out there. From the
presentation—this is nothing against Staff—I just don't understand what's
really going on out there, do we really need a permit program for that one
stretch or is there another way to solve the problems out there once we
understand what the problems are. That's my initial comments. I'll leave it
there.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. I've been on Council three
and a half years, and I've heard those entire three and a half years and even
before then that we need more parking supply on California Avenue. That's
why I asked to serve on the Infrastructure Committee on Council with Greg
and Pat. That's why I served on the campaign committee to raise the
additional resources to build an additional parking garage on California
Avenue which is going to add, I think, 200 spots. We're going to build that
garage before we build the Public Safety Building. I was conflicted out of the
Downtown Residential Permit Parking program because I live Downtown. My
colleagues implemented a plan and recently annexed a large chunk across
Middlefield into this plan that still allows for some amount of parking for
retail workers and other workers in the business core. My question to them
is how do we create one plan for Downtown and a totally different plan for
California Avenue, and what's the justification to those residents that we just
brought into that plan. You guys had a conversation into the early hours of
the morning; I wasn't a part of it. I'll leave that up to you guys to draw the
distinctions. The bottom line is we can't say we want a parking plan that
allows for no workers and yet we want to protect local retail. Those two
things don't work. We know from Downtown that a lot of the people that
park in the residential neighborhoods, as we heard from one speaker
tonight, are retail workers that live so far away that public transit isn't an
option for them. They drive in for their jobs. I'm not saying that they
should have free parking in your neighborhoods; I don't think that. I think
we need to implement Residential Permit Parking, but we have to be realistic
about the fact that that exist. They're not going to disappear. We're going
to try to build more supply; we can try to do that faster in building the new
garage. We also just have to be cognizant of the fact that we have retail
workers that need parking. That's a problem that's developed over decades
that we're now trying to fix. I do think we definitely need a Residential
                                                                        Page 96 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
