                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just following up on that. What I also heard you say on
Loma Verde was that the two-way bike path with the open driveways—
maybe I misheard—is nationally accepted as a safe thing to do. Did I hear
that or did I misunderstand that?

Mr. Mello: Two-way, separated bikeways are typically not installed on two-
way streets. There's very isolated circumstances where they work really
well, which is if you have a street without a lot of driveways. Let's say, for
example, along a railroad corridor where one side of the street has no
driveways. Alma Street for instance. In those locations, a two-way,
separated bikeway may work fairly well on a two-way street. Loma Verde
has 65 driveway crossings, so there would be 65 instances where somebody
pulling out of a driveway who fails to look to their right may have a conflict
with a cyclist who's traveling in the other direction.

Vice Mayor Scharff:      In this instance with the driveways, the science
basically indicates we shouldn't do it.

Mr. Mello: Yeah. There's an argument that, because it's a residential street,
the people using the driveways may be familiar with the fact that there's a
two-way bikeway. You don't have a lot of commercial driveways which
would have a lot of all-day traffic. I think the most prudent thing would be
to look at ways to improve the existing bike lanes that are one-way on each
side of the street.

Vice Mayor Scharff: On Matadero Creek, on Segments D, E and F, that's the
only segments you're suggesting we do. Is that correct?

Mr. Mello: D, E and F, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That'll be paid for, you believe, almost all by the grant.
A million five is the grant; we think it's going to cost between a million five
and a million seven.

Mr. Mello: Our strategy, assuming Council agrees with the Staff Report,
would be to request that the $1.5 million be used for those three trail
segments.




                                                                        Page 23 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
