                          TRANSCRIPT
Urban Forester, John Melvin. He addresses some other questions that you
had raised last week. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bob Moss. We have three
more speakers, and that will close off the Oral Communications.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. We tend to
forget that in the late 19th century until about 1950, this area was known as
the Valley of Heart's Delight. It's the most fertile land in the entire world.
All kinds of crops were grown here. If you look at an aerial photograph of
Santa Clara County and even into San Mateo County from the 1920s, '30s
and '40s, almost all you see is trees. The whole area was just orchards. In
the '50s and '60s, when we had the development explosion, almost all of
those trees were destroyed. You can see a few little remnants of the
orchards; the Maybell site is probably one of the ones that has the most
trees right now. A few of us kept some of those orchard trees. We have a
couple of them in our yard. One of them is a very nice, tall, ancient plum
tree. It's harvest season in the Valley of Heart's Delight, so I brought some
plums for all of you. I'll give these to the—the City Clerk will take them and
share them. Let me take a few out for the City Attorney; she didn't get
hers. Have a few and share them around.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rita Vrhel, to be followed by
Fred Balin.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. I'm going to continue the thought on trees.
We're a city of trees. Our motto is The Big Tree. The trees provide majesty
and shade and heritage to our community. People who come to this
community comment on our beautiful trees. Again, I would like to echo
what the Canopy representative said and ask that, while I was delighted that
you did not dip into the reserve fund to balance the budget, perhaps some of
the hotel tax or perhaps some of the one percent for art or perhaps there
can be a campaign for citizen contributions or citizen sponsorship of trees.
Perhaps even there can be a citizen arbor group that would take on the job
of being trained to prune young trees which would not require a ladder and
potential liability. I walk in the Crescent Park area; and even coming down
Homer on the way to the meeting tonight, there are so many trees that are
compromised in our fifth year of drought. I had Maguire Tree Company
prune the City tree in front of my house. This magnolia, they cut it back,
and they gave it some sort of miracle fertilizer, which has really brought it
back to life. I think also that public education as to the use of a soaker hose
on the lawn for 12 hours every two weeks—Canopy can probably provide
additional information on this—will really help the tree while not wasting a
                                                                         Page 6 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
