                          TRANSCRIPT
but also renovation opportunities across the range of electrification options.
With regard to transit, we could potentially provide universal transit passes
to our residents or ask our employers to provide them to their employees.
It's a way of starting to shift the subsidy from subsidized free parking for
single occupancy vehicles to something else. I think there's a general logic
here of if we're going to invest public dollars, let's invest them in things that
we want to see more of, not the things we want to see less of. We've been
on record since the Comprehensive Plan (Comp. Plan) of 1998 that we want
to reduce our dependence on the automobile, and yet we provide incentives
for more driving in contrast to many of our neighboring cities. The revenues
that we could realize from fee for parking could be one of the resources that
we use to invest in the alternatives that we seek to develop. Electrifying
residential water heating cost-effective today, Palo Alto utilities is beginning
a pilot program to explore the most effective and economical ways of
working with residents to change out their systems. We're in conversation
with colleagues in Boulder and Denver who are looking at a bundled service
offering that combines home energy audits, retrofit of the building,
replacement and upgrading of appliances, solar on the roof, electric vehicle
in the driveway with on-bill financing for no upfront cost and a total cost
equivalent or less than what they are paying for the current house and car.
There's some creativity that's possible there. If we combine that with things
like the predictive analytics that Boulder is looking at, using building and
permitting data to identify where are the properties where there is likely to
be, say, a system failure of gas water heater. We know their typical life is
10-15 years. We can identify to some degree of accuracy where they're
likely to go out, and then we can target our utility marketing very actively at
those folks saying, "Instead of waiting for your water heater to blow out and
you have to replace it in a hurry on a weekend, we have a program that will
take care of that for you," with targeting, vetted contractors, financing in
place, pre-permitting, and so forth. We can conceivably get a very high rate
of replacement as the stock basically turns over in the course of 10-15
years.     I've mentioned pricing parking.      We have a number of other
electrification strategies that have different degrees of impact and different
economics. There's another chart that you've seen in the Staff Report that
looks not just at the greenhouse gas reduction contribution from different
strategies, but the cost, cost per ton of what's called the mitigation cost. We
can combine the things that have the biggest bang as well as the ones that
have the best bang for the buck. Growing ridesharing services, as I said, I
think is severely underestimated here. Expanding bicycle infrastructure is
probably underestimated as well. The zero impact housing touches on the
question that Council Member Wolbach asked about where we might fill in
housing and bring housing closer to jobs. Obviously it's a sensitive topic in
the community. There's a lot to talk about there. What we've done here is
model what kind of results you might get with different increases in
                                                                         Page 53 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
