                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Struve: The yellow line, the orange line near the airport, probably all
along the landfill.

Council Member Holman: It could be. Maybe you can think of how much
the run-up might be. How does this compare in cost to a more, let's just
say, seawall kind of approach? Is there any comparison of cost?

Mr. Teresi: That part of the feasibility study isn't done yet, so I don't have
the numbers. I would imagine it would cost less, but I don't know that at
this point.

Ms. Struve: We have a report that was done on the levee that is being
piloted. Levee cost per mile—there is a comparison, and a traditional levee
is projected to cost more than a levee that has the horizontal slope. I
believe that also includes the maintenance and upkeep.

Council Member Holman: It does include the maintenance?

Ms. Struve: I'm not sure; I haven't read the whole thing. Yes, I think so.

Council Member Holman: Protect, adapt and then retreat as well. Adapting
as it relates to Building Codes, we obviously have a lot of neighborhoods
that are in flood areas. As much as oftentimes we'd consider, I think, more
strongly adapt, but in the neighborhoods we already have real significant
impacts on the neighborhood itself because of the FEMA requirements now
to elevate houses. That one gets to be pretty tricky, especially when you
get into the neighborhoods. As far as the protect and retreat and adapt too,
it would depend on what the use is. Say for instance, I can't imagine—I
shouldn't say it that way. Is there any likelihood that Staff would think it
would be a good idea to put housing in the Baylands area when we've got
sea level rise in front of us? The reason I ask is because it's a question that
comes up periodically. If we're talking about retreating and kinds of uses
and protecting and that sort of thing, that's why I asked the question.

Mr. Bobel: That's one of the reasons we threw out this concept of a
potential policy, to tackle issues like that. There's certainly a lot of agencies
that have developed recommendations for us against putting more housing
or more anything in these flood-prone areas.                  We've got that
recommendation from others, and we could create that as a policy for
ourselves, but we don't currently have it.

Council Member Holman: If you don't have people living in structures, then
the need to adapt might not be as stringent or as strong a consideration.
It's kind of on a grading system, I would think.

                                                                         Page 19 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
