                         TRANSCRIPT
A.    An Ordinance adding Chapter 9.17 (Personal Cultivation of Marijuana)
      to Title 9 (Public Peace, Morals and Safety) of the Palo Alto Municipal
      Code to prohibit outdoor marijuana cultivation in Palo Alto; and

B.    A finding that this amendment is exempt from review under the
      California Environmental Quality Act; and

C.    Direct Staff to return within twelve months to Council following public
      outreach for potential changes to this Ordinance; and

D.    The second reading will take place after the November 8, 2016
      election; and

E.    Incorporate a twelve month sunset into the Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Do we have any other discussion? Please vote on the board.
That passes on a 7-1 vote with myself voting no. That concludes this item.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Burt no, DuBois absent

13.   Review and Direction on Formation of a Stakeholder Committee to
      Advise the Council Regarding a Potential Local Tax to Raise Funds for
      Transportation Programs and Projects.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to Item Number 13 which is review and
direction on formation of a stakeholder committee to advise the Council
regarding a potential local tax to raise funds for transportation programs and
projects. Who's kicking this off? Mr. Shikada?

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Yes, Mayor, members of the Council.
Actually we have no Staff presentation. We simply wanted to provide you
some factual baseline from which to consider your options going forward
based on prior commissions or stakeholder committees that have been
established.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. This was an item that the Council took a certain
guidance on. I'm trying to see where the Staff Report captured the direction
of the Council. I think it's on the bottom of Page 2. We were creating a
stakeholder committee to explore priority transportation needs, identify
funding requirements (inaudible) various funding options, develop a funding
plan.    Committee members would include a balance of business and
residents, ideally include but not limited to Stanford, the TMAs, the School
District, residents, Stanford Research Park Transportation Demand
Management Working Group. That was the general framework that we
discussed. Unless we want to reconsider that framework of what the task of

                                                                       Page 89 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
