                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Wolbach no

Mayor Burt: Thank you all. We now have a big item which is a review of the
draft Transportation Element prepared by the Comprehensive Plan Update
Community Advisory Committee. Do we want to take a quick five-minute
break? Can we do a five-minute break for a five-minute break as opposed
to a five-minute break that's a ten-minute break?

Council took a break from 9:18 P.M. to 9:31 P.M.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item 18.

Mayor Burt: We're going to return to business but change the Agenda a
little bit. If we could get everybody back. We had more than our five-
minute break. For Item Number 18, we have some consultants here who
specifically have traveled to be here for this item. We've talked about how
our Staff and they can give us as short of a presentation as possible. We
have the sign Item 17, the Draft Transportation Element on the
Comprehensive Plan. That's one that the scheduled amount of time of an
hour and 25 minutes would not have been adequate either way. What we're
thinking of doing is proceeding with Item 18 first until about a quarter after
10:00 P.M., and then opening Item 17 and hearing from members of the
public who are here. Do that item up until about 11:00 P.M.. Have the Staff
Report and members of the public, and then we'll continue the item and
agendize it for as soon as possible and have a longer, more deliberate
discussion where we don't feel rushed on such an important item. On that
note, do we need to vote on an Agenda change? Nah.

18.   Adoption of the Public Art Master Plan to Guide Public Art for the Next
      Decade; Authorize the City Manager to Adopt Policies and Guidelines
      to Implement the Plan; and Direct Staff to Return With Amendments
      to the Municipal Code Provisions on Public Art.

Mayor Burt: We will now proceed with Item Number 18 which is adoption of
the Public Art Master Plan to guide public art for the next decade, to
authorize the City Manager to adopt policies and guidelines to implement the
Plan, and to direct Staff to return with amendments to the Municipal Code
provisions on public art. Mr. de Geus.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: Good evening, Mayor Burt,
Council Members. Rob de Geus, Director of Community Services. Welcome
back. We're pleased to be here to present the draft Public Art Master Plan.
I just want to say a quick word of thanks before I pass it on to the Staff that
have done all the work on this. The Community Services Department (CSD)
Assistant Director Rhy Halpern also oversees the Arts and Sciences Division
                                                                         Page 61 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
