                          TRANSCRIPT
what was to become TheatreWorks. Of course, I was sure that it would just
come crashing down on me at any moment. I got anxious, perhaps a little
bossy. He kept telling me, "Mellow out. Mellow out." I kept saying, "But
Kelley, you want it to be perfect." He kept telling me, "It can be perfect.
We can have high standards and still be mellow and respectful with one
another." All these years later, if you ask what did I learn from that summer
in 1970, not knowing at the time what Kelley's work would amount to over
the course of the next five decades, I learned that you can be rigorous and
mellow at the same time. It has stood me in good stead. If I could ask my
staff to hand me the Proclamation, I will not read the "whereas and
therefore be it resolved." One of the things I also learned is when to get off
the stage. If I could ask Kelley to come forward so we could do a quick
photo opportunity, so I can in the digital age post it on Facebook and bask a
little bit in the reflected glory. Kelley, thanks so much.

Robert Kelley: I have to get a bigger house now, I can see. Thank you so
much. This is a surprise. Thank you all so much. Supervisor Simitian, Joe,
Mr. Mayor, Pat, and members of the Council, all the great members of the
City Staff who are here, thank you for this. It's just incredible. As I said to
Joe on the closing night of our first show, Popcorn, "I'll see you in 46 years,
okay?" Here we are. I have to specially thank Pat Briggs who has been a
great part of Theatreworks' journey and who I still regard as one of the
greatest treasures that we have in Palo Alto. Thank you, Pat, for all you've
done at the Children's Theatre and all. I very much want to thank all the
friends and members of TheatreWorks' Board who have come tonight. I
don't think they'll be staying for the whole meeting, but thank you for being
here for this. TheatreWorks started in 1970. One of our very first shows
was here at City Hall; I think it was in 1971. It wasn't actually in the Council
Chambers; it was down in the basement on the third floor down
underground with the audience sitting on one of the down ramps and the
performers performing right out in front of the elevator. It was a version of
Alice in Wonderland, an original musical of it. We have deep roots in Palo
Alto. We really do feel part of the community. The actual founder of
TheatreWorks is the City of Palo Alto. The chance to start a theatre here
and develop it came directly through the City. In 1976 the City came up
with a new plan for how to create theatre in Palo Alto instead of having City
employees do it or, in my case, a contractor to the City. They proposed to
the groups that were making theatre at the time or helping to make it that
the City become a partner with those groups and came up with what I think
is a unique method of making theatre happen. It involves the City providing
the space and the equipment, and these groups on their own would need to
take care of the employees, the people who made the art and all the
expenses that went along with that. To say it was a successful idea, if
unique, is a tremendous understatement. It's led to TheatreWorks being
                                                                          Page 3 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
