                          TRANSCRIPT
cars because Zones 1, 2, 4 and 5 are closest to the Downtown. People tend
to want to park as close as they can and walk as little as they can.

Council Member Schmid: I was asking about those that are not close to the
Downtown.

Ms. Atkinson: Along Middlefield, there are a high number of employers,
dental offices, medical offices, etc. When asked if we were meeting demand
in terms of permits, that's an area where permits sold out, and we did hear
from a number of employees and employers. That's an area that we may
want to focus on in allocating permits in the future. Other streets, there
may be a high number of driveways or a higher number of multifamily
residential units, where there are a lot of residents that need to park on the
street, and then employees that have permits to park in that area. As part
of this data collection, we collected information on types of permits on the
street. We do have information that helps us understand where employees,
in particular, are parking and where residents are parking. That can also
help moving into changes in permit allocation for employees in the future of
the program.

Mr. Mello: Another potential variable in that area is Middlefield Road north
of Channing. There's no parking permitted on Middlefield itself. The
properties on Middlefield, any spillover parking would have to go onto
adjacent blocks, not Middlefield itself.

Council Member Schmid: I'm just surprised that all the spillover seems to
have gone to the east rather than the west in that situation. That's just a
note. You're asking tonight for a change in date. The original Resolution
said come back no later than December 31st for an assessment discussion.
That's being changed to March 31st. March 31st is the date that the current
Resolution expires, Phase 2 expires. Realistically, if you're going to sell
permits for Phase 3, you'd have to start 6-8 weeks ahead of time. Wouldn't
it make sense to have that date kept at December 31st?

Mr. Mello: We're actually proposing to come back in January 2017 with a
draft Resolution.     The reason we thought that was a little bit more
appropriate was because we wanted to have as much data as possible when
we come back to you. If we were to come in December with the holidays
and a lot of time off, there's always difficulties collecting data around holiday
periods. We probably won't have as much performance data on Phase 2
that we would if we were to come back in January. That was our reasoning
behind proposing January. We would have enough time to implement the
program before that April 1st start date


                                                                         Page 78 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
