                          TRANSCRIPT
is interested and ready to do that. I have heard people in the community
say that they'd be more interested in exploring it if it relates to affordable
housing for seniors, veterans, disabled, etc. Again, this is on Packet Page
553 in the chart there, Table 3. I don't think that should be a necessary
part of Scenario 6. Also on what Mayor Burt was talking about regarding trip
caps, I think that's very worth exploration. Those are my comments. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. I hope this is the right forum for this.
I actually had two technical questions on this. One actually is on water. If
you look on Page 4.14-23 of the DEIR, Table 4.14-2 looks at water demand
for the four scenarios. It looks to me like projected water demand is
basically identical across all four scenarios even though population growth is
significantly different across those. Am I reading that right? If so, why is
that?

Ms. Jansen: I would be happy to spend more time looking at this. Just as
an initial reaction, it's true that the numbers across the—I think what you're
looking at is maybe the top row of Table 4.14-2 in terms of residential
across the scenarios. Those differences are kind of within 100,000 gallons
per day of each other. What you've got to bear in mind is that this is
incorporating all of the water use in the City. The increment of difference,
which is really only a few thousand units, between the scenarios when folded
into the total and then multiplied by 73.1 gallons per day, this is what the
math comes out to.

Council Member Filseth: Essentially what we're saying is that it's not
sensitive to population growth, residential water consumption.

Ms. Jansen: I think you could—it's a difference of 73.1 gallons per day per—
that's service population, both residents and employees. I think ...

Council Member Filseth: I'm just looking at the residential line.

Ms. Jansen: Yeah. Another interpretation, I think, could be that just the
difference is the range in housing units among the four scenarios that are
looked at in the Draft EIR does not have an enormous impact on residential
water consumption.

Council Member Filseth: Although, one is 15 percent higher. Even within it,
it's not sensitive at that level is what you're saying.



                                                                           Page 90 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
