                          TRANSCRIPT
presumably we would come back at the end of the year as well. We could
make adjustments if this just was wrong, wrong, wrong at that point.

Council Member Kniss: I want to make sure that that is in the record, that
we have that ability. Two hundred permits, I don't see is 10 percent. I can
see that it's 200 permits, but we're talking about far more permits than that
that could be available.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Council Member Kniss: That 200 permits was based on 2,000 permits.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.     If you look at all of the permits issued in
Downtown, it's less than ...

Council Member Kniss: Then we are not talking about 10 percent. We're
simply talking about 200 permits. I think that's the end of what the clarity
is. At this point, we have gotten the review moved up. You got rid of the
scratchers which is something you wanted to do before. Without adding it
in, I think we have indicated that the adjustment could be made given the
Resolution that's before us. I think this is the time, Mr. Chair, when you
want us to speak to whether we'll support the motion or not. I'm supporting
it, again, knowing that we're probably making friends as well as enemies
tonight. I am very concerned about how we function as a community. I will
again reference the word vital. Somebody mentioned it tonight. I like vital.
I like our vitality. I didn't like us and where we were heading in 2009 and
'10 and '11.       It was a community that was really in some difficulty
financially. We were cutting back on Staff. We are now in a good spot. I
think the hard part of this is to share our largesse and to be able to share at
least for now where we live. I anticipate that within the next 6-8 months
we're going to see the same kind of changes that Downtown North reported
to us, and then the fellow who came in earlier from Professorville who said
they feel like a neighborhood again. I think as soon as this goes into place,
as uncomfortable as it may seem right now, that some relief will come. I
think it was interesting that one group came tonight, and I realize they
probably should apply, Hillary, to be honest. I'm concerned that they have
asked to be included, not to be excluded. We need to find a way for them to
do that. The decision we're making tonight, where we're adding in Sections
Nine and 10, were in good part because several of those streets came to us,
and that's indicated in the—I don't know where we've got the—are these
yellow up there and we can't see them? The people who have asked to be
included, several blocks have asked to be included. They want to be part of
this. I think we've made it very clear, as Hillary as said, that fewer and
fewer permits will be sold on a long-term basis in Numbers Nine and 10,

                                                                         Page 51 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
