                         TRANSCRIPT
separated bike path, that requires losing parking on one side of Loma Verde.
Correct?

Mr. Mello: It's parking at night. It's a bike lane during the day. We'd be
removing a part-time parking lane, yes.

Mayor Burt: We have some places in the City where we have that model.
Right?

Mr. Mello: Yeah. We also have it on North California Avenue. We did a
parking occupancy study of North California Avenue, and we found that
people are not even using—the part-time lane is underutilized at night, even
though parking is permitted. We didn't encounter a lot of resistance with
our plans to actually remove the part-time lane on North California.

Mayor Burt: Wait a minute. Are you referring that it would be parking at
night under the fully separated?

Mr. Mello: No, no. The current condition today is there's a part-time bike
lane, part-time parking lane on some segments of Loma Verde where the
separated bikeway would be.

Mayor Burt: The change in order to put in a two-way, Class IV bikeway
would—the change to the parking on Loma Verde would be what?

Mr. Mello: Removing the part-time, overnight parking lane, converting it to
a full-time, separated bikeway.

Mayor Burt: Currently during the day, they can't park. They can park at
night. Under this condition, there wouldn't be parking at night. I think
that's something that would be a significant benefit to the community, but I
don't think we should kid ourselves that this would be something that would
be just accepted readily. We've seen the concerns that we have of residents
along Matadero Creek and the opposition we've had to trying to have even a
portion of Matadero Creek where it works pretty well have that bike path. I
don't think we should kid ourselves that this on Loma Verde would be some
kind of slam dunk. On the other hand, as Council Member Kniss stated and
as our Staff has done, having a really fully separated, two-way bikeway is a
very significant safety improvement, probably even with the challenges of
the driveway curb cuts. I got persuaded. At first I was pretty skeptical, but
as Josh explained, one, we're not talking about crossings other than people
who reside there and know they're crossing a bike path. Second, there
                                                                      Page 55 of 116
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/20/16
