                         TRANSCRIPT
to us to go back and to look at it operationally and to give you some policy
advice as well as potentially some legal advice. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Hearing that, I would modify "C" to request Staff
to come back as soon as possible with a change to immediately freeze sale
of employee permits in Zones 9 and 10.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part C, “immediately
freeze the” with “direct Staff to return as soon as possible to implement a
freeze on the.”

Council Member Berman: Let me know when it's my turn, and I'll talk for a
minute.

Mayor Burt: Are you done, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois, for the good
motion. I think one additional edit we might have to make is to D.iv. I'll
defer to the City Attorney on this. Do we need to say for iv "if legally
permissible require registration in the Business Registry Certificate"? If I
was hearing you correctly, you said you need to look into whether or not
that's ...

Ms. Stump: Yes, thank you. The Business Registry is not controversial.
Saying that you have to be registered in the Business Registry as a business
is just saying comply with existing law. The Registry requires all qualifying
businesses—there are a few exceptions—to register. There's no problem
with that. That's an existing requirement that we've already vetted. The
TMA is different. Thank you for adding that language, Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman:       Maybe before the word participation, add "if
legally permissible."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part D.iv., “if legally
permissible” after “Certificate Program and.”

Council Member Berman: It seems like I've been watching from the outside
because I've been conflicted out of participating up until now. Thank you to
the City Attorney's Office for keeping on the FPPC to get us approval to
                                                                     Page 102 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
