                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff:     It's either do a Study Session or direct it to a
Committee.

Mayor Burt: That's right. The Council needs to make a determination
whether they would like to refer it to Policy and Services or a future Study
Session of the Council as a whole. That would a determination. At this
time, we're open to questions, and then we'll hear from members of the
public. Council Member Kniss, do you have a question?

Council Member Kniss: A question regarding the water. I think I sent you a
message this morning, Pat. Is there anything in the arrangement that we
have with the Public Utilities Commission (PUC) or with Hetch Hetchy and so
forth that would preclude us from doing this?

Mayor Burt: No.

Council Member Kniss: Question answered.

James Keene, City Manager: We have some process we have to work
through with those bodies, but it's our determination that there shouldn't be
impediments.

Council Member Kniss: We can give our water away or sell it.

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Keene: As the Colleagues' Memo proposes it, that is allowable under the
agreements that we have. We have to go through some process, though, to
do it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's proceed to speakers. I also see Mayor Donna
Rutherford here to speak. You're welcome to speak at the outset or
whenever you like. Welcome, Mayor Rutherford.

Donna Rutherford, City of East Palo Alto Mayor: Good evening. I had to be
here personally. Thank you for the introduction. I appreciate the fact that
Mayor Burt—first, let me start off by saying Honorable Mayor Burt and Vice
Mayor Scharff, thank you for having me here this evening. I wanted to
personally be here to thank the Council for their deliberations on this very
important issue that East Palo Alto is having. Certainly, as the Mayor said,
we do receive the smallest allotment of water on the Peninsula, and we've
approached San Francisco PUC in regards to giving us an increase. This has
probably never happened before. Who would have thought that we would
be in this position, but we are. I think in our outreach to other communities
to look at their excess amount of water that they have, if there's any way

                                                                       Page 71 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/5/16
