                         TRANSCRIPT
added to the District by the Council was because the Council felt it actually
reflected the core architectural values and development patterns of the
National Register District to a great extent. What we see is that in the local
addition area you see some of what you see in the National Register District,
but you also see a little bit of other types of properties. That's really the
distinction that we've acknowledged and built into the Guidelines.

Council Member Schmid: Was the initiative taken by people in the District?
Was there some kind of public vote of whether to annex themselves to the
Historical District?

Mr. Weintraub: I wasn't actually with the City at that time, so I don't know
the mechanics of how that worked. I'm absolutely certain there must have
been a public hearing process. Leading up to that public hearing process, I
can't imagine that there wasn't community engagement and homeowner
engagement at that time.

Council Member Schmid: I guess one of the things the letter mentioned was
it would be good to have some kind of historic accounting of how many
houses there are from each period or each type, would be very valuable in
setting or understanding the Standards as you go through the process.

Mr. Weintraub: Thank you, Council Member Schmid. Actually there are a
couple of maps in the Guidelines document that categorize buildings based
on both architectural styles and periods of development. There is that type
of accounting available in the document in a map form. There's also an
appendix at the back of the document that lists all the properties. That
could be compiled into a database for instance. That's easily available.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I think my comments regarding process
I'll save until we see where that conversation goes.

Mayor Burt: If there are no other questions at this time, we'll go ahead and
hear from the public. Our first speaker is Beth Bunnenberg, to be followed
by Alan Akin. Welcome. Beth, are you the Chair? I should first actually—
who's our ...

Beth Bunnenberg: I'm not the Chair (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Is the HRB Chair here?

Ms. Bunnenberg: (inaudible)


                                                                       Page 64 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
