                          TRANSCRIPT
fifth scenario that would make a difference? Why is housing so expensive in
Palo Alto? Prices. Prices are attached to land. Land, property, is what's
going up in Palo Alto. If you look clearly at that differential, the one driving
up, the actor, pushing up the prices is commercial, nonresidential property.
There's not a smart developer in town who won't first say, "How can I
maximize the value of my property? If I can build nonresidential, I will do
that." I am astounded in our scenarios. We have four scenarios we've been
looking at. We have three others now. The number that jumps off the page
is the lowest number of jobs we're creating, our 8.9 thousand. The most are
15.5 thousand. At the basis of everything we're looking at is let's increase
those jobs, make land more expensive, and then let's build affordable
housing. We just raised the price, not just of affordable housing but of
middle-class housing and upper-middle-class housing. It seems to me if we
want a real alternative scenario, we've got to start with that jobs number.
That's the critical issue. If we increase jobs and then say, "Let's increase
affordable housing," we're sort of going back to a 19th century model.
Density, let's build upward. Let's have mass transit bringing people to us.
That's a 19th century concept, worked very well in the 19th century. It was
destroyed a little bit by the suburban revolution, where people found the car
gave them much more freedom. One of the creations of that suburban
revolution was Palo Alto. Palo Alto has a job market where workers, mature,
experienced workers, change jobs twice the rate of other communities. Palo
Alto's been a seed bed rather than a central city, and it's worked very well.
That's one of the reasons we've pushed up our property values so high.
How do you look at changing the relationship between commercial
development and housing development? I think there's one clear way of
doing that, lower the number of new jobs created, of commercial square feet
that is being built. Just look at the last 18 months on the Council. Tonight
we heard a lot about affordability of housing. People can't afford to live here
anymore.      What other issues have really filled the Council chambers?
Residential parking issues, Downtown North, Downtown South, Crescent
Park, Evergreen Park, Southgate, College Terrace, Ventura, reductions in car
traffic on roads, single-story overlays, retaining neighborhood grocery
stores. There are at least eight intersections around town that have been
declared will be "F" within a couple of years. Water availability we talked
about earlier tonight. All these issues of density that we're building up. The
driver behind this is commercial growth. It's creating these problems
including the affordable housing issue. Let's talk about goals. What do you
want from the Comprehensive Plan? We want to be able to deal with the
escalating issues of traffic, parking, delay and density. That's a clear
message that people have given us. We want to protect the quality of life of
the residential community. I think a third thing is we want to maintain Palo
Alto's role as the seed bed of Silicon Valley innovation rather than make
ourselves into the home of dominant, big companies. Where would I start
                                                                         Page 94 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
