                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Is that a State-level issue?

Ms. Struve: It was a coordination issue, because it is technically filling the
Bay. There are a lot of people involved when you try and fill the Bay, even if
it's for a positive purpose in the end.

Mr. Bobel: Those are principally State agencies. I think your point is a good
one. We'll look into—maybe there's some other people that are seriously
considering State legislation. That's a good angle; we'll look into that.

Mayor Burt: There are Federal agencies as well. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. Just so that I understand. In mid-2016, we're
going to get the SAFER Bay feasibility study, which is going to talk about the
levee alignment. It's going to talk about basically what we need to do to
bring those levees up three feet roughly, four feet. I guess that's what is
going to tell us, right?

Mr. Teresi: If you recall that one slide, it's more like eight feet. Our existing
levees are only at Elevation 10. In order to meet the FEMA standard with
the freeboard and the future sea level rise, they would need to raise it to 18,
so it's about right feet.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We'd raise the levees eight feet, and then we're going
to build into that the ability to go higher, so we have that adaptability built
into that. Then, we're going to use—in 2017 we're starting to fund where
we're going to fund getting these levees fixed. Is that ...

Mr. Teresi: In 2017 in the CIP budget there's a new CIP that would provide
funding for the actual design of those levees and the environmental
assessment of those levees.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They would be shovel-ready so we could go and ask for
grants and that kind of stuff. Is that basically the plan?

Mr. Teresi: As I mentioned before, I think the JPA plan is to self-fund it
locally by some kind of a tax or assessment measure. Grants could probably
help, but I doubt that we could get grants to cover the full cost. That would
certainly be a factor that we would be looking for.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Going up eight or nine feet, what's the magnitude of
cost? Do we have a sense of what that's going to be?

Mr. Teresi: I don't have the numbers yet, but I think we're talking hundreds
of millions.

                                                                         Page 14 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
