                          TRANSCRIPT
Those stretches in particular, you'll see a lot more aggressive traffic calming
recommendations.

Mayor Burt: Before next question, I just wanted to let the members of the
public know that we have a large number of speakers. We'll be having two
minutes per speaker to speak, so you can time your comments accordingly.
Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:         Thank you.       Following on the prior two
questioners and looking at—future reference, page numbers on the slides
would be really helpful, because then we can quickly. The one that has
proposed treatments on it, that slide, if you want to put it up. Looking at
these, I'm looking at, let's say for the moment, median islands and mini
roundabouts. That looks like it has a lot of paint on the street from each
direction. I'm trying to understand if that is what is indicated there and then
how does that work with the—on one of the other slides—bike boulevard
symbol. There are two bike boulevard symbols or legends, one with a
bicycle and boulevard and an arrow, and then one that has a bicycle and just
the arrows. I don't know which ones—how does that all work? If you're
going to have a legend at the beginning of every block, it looks like you
could have all of this plus the bike legend at each one of those four
occasions.

Mr. Mello: The bike legends are actually shown on the median island and
mini roundabout graphics that you see. If you can see my arrow there,
that's the bike boulevard legend.

Council Member Holman: That's what that is.

Mr. Mello: There's one on the corresponding—the opposite departure lane
as well. This cross-street is not a bike boulevard, so there's no bike
boulevard legends on that. There's only the stop. A lot of these pavement
markings are existing. The crosswalks and the stop bars and the stop
stencils would typically already be in place. What would be added would be
the yellow center line to guide people around the island. In the case of the
mini roundabout, there's not much additional pavement markings. It's
mainly just civil—hardscape elements that would be added including the
deflection islands and the center circular island.

Council Member Holman: Looking at the mini roundabout, what you're
saying is because stop signs are going out, going away in such an occasion.
The cross strips are already on the pavement because of the stop sign that's
there now, and then you're adding the—what did you call that?

Mr. Mello: This yellow center line here?
                                                                        Page 23 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
