                          TRANSCRIPT
communication with Staff about on Bryant Street, for instance. There were
street-facing windows that were large, that were allowed to be replaced.
They just scream replacement windows. They don't have the tails. It's in
the original part of Professorville too. They don't have the tails. The glass is
very flat, a little reflective. They just scream of—tell me how that kind of
allowance in permitting is consistent or will be changing based on these
Guidelines. It's not specifically addressed here. I'm sorry to take the time
on this, but it's very important. We have this one National Register District
that's our earliest neighborhood.

Ms. Gitelman: Again, it's a little hard to have the conversation in the
hypothetical. If I know the project you're referring to, I think in our
reviewer's opinion the replacement of the windows with windows in kind was
consistent with the Secretary of the Interior Standards. Granted they are
new windows that don't have the kind of wavy glass of historic windows. If
a property owner wants to replace a feature like that, our obligation is to
review them, to make sure the project is conforming with the Secretary's
Standards. Our reviewer thought that that project did. Maybe Jonathan can
comment on how the Guidelines might contribute to and inform decisions in
a situation like that.

Mr. Rusch: I feel like the Guidelines do have references to National Park
Service technical information that explains in a pretty comprehensive
manner how to replace windows. My feeling is that information would
clearly prefer that, say, the sash horns that you're referring to be recreated
where possible. Again, the same type of glass where possible. I think it's
the "where possible" question that I've just spoken to where we know that
that's the preferred approach. Some types of specialty glass—I think that
it's discussed in the Guidelines. There should be an effort done to research
that. I can't guarantee that there's always going to be a product that's
available. I feel like the Guidelines do bring residents of Professorville to the
things that they should be thinking about. It's the conversation that
happens between them and the City Staff to determine ultimately Standards
compliance.

Council Member Holman: I know you probably wouldn't be familiar with this
specific project.   My question is that the Guidelines clearly state that
retention is preferred. No one has said to me the reason those windows
were replaced. Again, these are like very large, street-facing windows, is
why I make an issue of this. No one has said to me that there was any rot,
there was any issue. Yet, the windows were allowed to be replaced because
they were large, simple windows. That's two steps, so that's one. Two is
the windows do not replicate because the tails aren't there and because the
glass is—I mean these are very simple window designs, but they reek of new
                                                                         Page 65 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
