                          TRANSCRIPT
Carl Guardino, Silicon Valley Leadership Group: Good morning—I'm three
hours early. I don't think that should come out of my time. That shows
tiredness. Good evening, Mayor and members of the Council. Again for the
record, my name's Carl Guardino with the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. I
want to commend the Mayor and the Council for the thoughtfulness of
tonight's Study Session. That was incredibly helpful and time well spent. I
want to mention quickly process, product and particular alternatives. First,
should you move forward, I would hope that, as Palo Alto is so thoughtful in
doing, there would be a thorough stakeholder process of potential funding
and types as well as amounts in terms of potential solutions or the use of
funds and the participants of potentially impacted parties, whether they be
small, medium or large. Second is product. Mayor, I want to thank you
again for your thoughtful leadership both in the North County, countywide as
well as here in Palo Alto specifically. It's been a pleasure to be working with
you. In terms of a potential Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) measure,
from a Silicon Valley Leadership Group perspective, as you know we have
called for a very significant amount, about $1 of every $5 for street
maintenance and pothole repair. We've also called, at the recommendation
of your professional Staff and that of other cities, that we reward good
behavior, that those funds would be flexible for cities with what is good
Pavement Condition Index which is 70 or above. You're 78. You are tied for
the best in all of the 15 cities and towns in Santa Clara County. In today's
dollars, that would be nearly $40 million coming to Palo Alto over the life of
the measure. As you look at sources of funds, if we're successful together in
November, you may have a flexible pot of funds in which to move forward
for what you're talking about this evening. The last thing that the Mayor
and I have laughed about, but it's not funny because we both know how
serious this is, that's the Mayor's comments about moving so thoughtfully
together is that if we're not successful in November, we're going to be
figuring out how to divide zero 15 ways. As you move forward locally as well
as sub-regionally, we want to volunteer to help in any way that we can.
Again, we thank you for your thoughtfulness.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return for discussion. We're at 10:15, so we
should try to budget our comments as best we can, and really try to focus
on not so much—maybe we can offer concepts that would be informative to
whatever committee we go with on what sorts of questions we might want to
ask if we're going to forward with a polling, whether we want to go forward
with greater consideration of this even if we are undetermined whether it's
the right thing to do at this time for the reasons that I stated earlier, but we
just don't know that in my mind. We do have these tradeoffs of if it's a
general tax, we would have to wait two years if we don't get on this
November. We also don't know how it might poll. We might see that this
has such strong support that it could be a special tax. That's the kind of
                                                                          Page 78 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
