                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thirty-five, I stand corrected. They'll have raises too, though.
At currently 35 percent below PG&E with having strong subsidy programs,
including this one and including a whole series of other subsidies that we do
that are beyond what PG&E does, we deliver on the whole rates 35 percent
below PG&E in our electricity. If we look at one little thing in isolation, we
could make an argument, especially if we compare it to the wrong point of
comparison, against it. I think everything else counters that argument.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Mr. City Manager.

Mr. Keene: If I might make a clarifying comment. Good comments we're
hearing here. I think actually, though, in this case it's inaccurate for us to
be talking about this as a subsidy really. This is paying towards benefits for
the Utility as a whole and potentially benefits that will accrue to individuals
and folks. It's an investment. What we're looking at are the investments in
distribution system resiliency and the need not to have to invest in other
transmission costs, even to the extent that we incent any local economic
development and sort of shift the market so we can pay lower costs in the
future. I just sort of think that there's that component here that's advising
this.

Mayor Burt: I readily accept that correction. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I did want to say thank you for this presentation. I
think it was very useful to have it broken down this way. We can see the
increase      over    time    that   we're     paying     for    these    solar
benefits/subsidies/investment. Even in less than a year, it's dropped 1.5
cents, which is pretty astounding. I think that's okay. We just need to
acknowledge that we are incenting this behavior. The rate this technology is
changing, I do think we need to keep an eye on it. I do think this is a totally
fair discussion to be having. I thought the letter from Mr. Borock was
interesting. He was talking about putting solar on the Regional Water
Quality Control Plant, which we just talked about. Looking for more City
facilities to do solar is a good idea. I also found Zach Rubin's comments
pretty compelling. It's reasonable to finish supporting the pilot program kind
of as is to see if we can get some more interested parties just for the
remaining 1.7 megawatts. I do want to say I appreciate the Finance
Committee being fiscally conservative. I'll look to support you if you find
other places to cut some costs. I do think we should support this pilot
program. I also think we need to start to look at storage in isolation from
the grid. At least my understanding is we're not really getting resiliency
putting our local power into the grid in an emergency situation. I think

                                                                         Page 68 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
