                          TRANSCRIPT
that this level of impact is an impact in Menlo Park but not in Palo Alto. That
makes no sense to me. That's the tradeoff that I'm sort of thinking about.
One is that scoop in the center and the in-between lane that Mr. Neff was
talking about. The other is the LOS impact. I'm still waiting to hear what
the rest of Council says and thinking about this. That's sort of what's going
through my mind right now. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I just have to react to what the community
is asking for. I know that there's probably been in the last seven years 50,
60 people or more that have asked me about how we're going to fix the
traffic on this. Yes, there's a coordinated email campaign of 10 or 11 people
who have sent us emails on this. That's not what the community is asking
for. Yes, the community wants improvements in bikes. This does a huge
improvement for bikes. This does both. This is balanced. Whereas, what
we're doing otherwise is ignoring the community on the issue of traffic, on
the issue of being stuck in that intersection, of having to drive through that
every day and experience the frustration and the anger that people have
when they have those traffic conflicts and the traffic issues there. That is
one of the worst stretches to drive on. At the end of the day, we'll have
done all this, and everyone will come back and say, "You didn't do anything
for the traffic." Whereas, if we do Option 2, people will be happy with the
bicycle improvements. The bicycle improvements are great. People will be
happy with the traffic, and everyone will be happy. I think Option 2 makes
so much more sense in terms of keeping it balanced and really solving the
problem that the community asked us to solve when we started looking at
Embarcadero.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, I just would remind you guys it's 9:35 here in my
role as timekeeper.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Real quick, because I do want to get on to the next
item. We didn't talk a lot about Alternative 2, but Alternative 2 does have
the two-way separated track to Stanford. I think if you're not a confident
cyclist, you have that as an option. If you're more confident, you can go
straight through on the green pathway. The other thing just to clarify.
What I heard is we get a 2 second timesaving with a right-hand turn-lane.
We potentially could get another 2 seconds or four seconds total if we
continue to work on synchronization with the El Camino. To me that was a
huge improvement, a four second improvement. Again, I think we're
improving it for everybody.

                                                                        Page 87 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
