                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion at the end of Part C, “from the adjacent
California Avenue district, which permits to be phased out over time.”

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion at the end of Part C, “from the adjacent California Avenue district.”

Council Member Holman: I had a previous convenience with City Attorney
about maybe it has to be by the size of employer or something like that.
This is what we're looking towards. This what the goal is. I would imagine
this has to be a separate amendment, but I'll put it out there. An "F" would
be to direct Staff to determine if employees can share parking permits both
within the Commercial District and potentially in the neighborhood."

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that if it's not accepted.

Council Member Holman: Is the maker agreeable to that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we just have a separate vote on that one?
I'd like to hear the reasons if we're going to (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: Tom, did you second?

Council Member DuBois: Yep.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to determine if retail and
personal service employees can share permits within the district and in the
neighborhood.”

Council Member Holman: If I can speak to that, Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Council Member Holman: Speaking to that amendment then. I did hear the
arguments about why this doesn't really satisfy the issues. My argument in
favor of this is that it really does mean a lot to the employers, the smaller
employers, to be able to do this. I understand that it doesn't create more
parking, understand that. Understand that it will be potentially some less
revenue to the City, but I don't think significant. It is a large gesture to the
retail merchants in the California Avenue area. It's something they've asked
for; it's something that they want. It's something that would mean a great
deal to them by their own statements.


                                                                        Page 118 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
