                          TRANSCRIPT
sense of where your priorities are. You may issue us directives at the end of
this meeting that we'll come back to. We either come back to the Council in
regular session or we'll provide you a report about how we move things
around. Our thinking wasn't that you could necessarily move everything
around that you wanted to move. If you would indulge me, I have ten quick
slides that just sort of reconnect you with the way we structured this at the
Retreat and to report to you on our progress. Our progress is pretty typical
of our progress in the organization. We've done a lot, but a whole lot less
than we'd want to have achieved by this point in time. That's because we
have so much stuff that our times demand, that our community demands
and our Staff capacity to do that. If you'll remember, I showed you a
framework for how we were going to develop a work planning process by the
Leadership Team to be able to focus on the work that we have. As you can
see, I'm responding to Council Member Wolbach's request that we
incorporate sea level rise into all of our thinking. I very quickly added the
fact that the ever-present iceberg metaphor we use for identifying the work
obviously has some correlations to the challenges of sea level rise. Again,
this just tries to show that the majority—you get most of the work that you
want to accomplish through your Staff. We have about 1,100 full-time Staff
people; most of them are doing work in what we call "the below the
waterline" part of core service work, making sure that the trash is picked up,
trimming the trees, doing police patrol, emergency response, making sure
the sewage is being treated and that sort of thing. The things that occupy
the Council so much of the time are these 'above the water line" priority
projects, in this case around your four Priorities. We also have a bunch of
Executive Leadership Team priorities that would fall into those categories,
that are outside of your four Priority areas or they might be of a slightly
different magnitude. You'll remember again that we talked about identifying
the Council Priorities and the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) priorities as
above the water line. Our focus today with you is really focused on the
Council Priorities as the Mayor said, not on any of these other details. The
reality of what it takes for us to get the work done or what is really
happening in the City can't be in the same way we were talking about sea
level rise as having regional implications or different systems aspects to the
design solutions. Running a City, serving the community, working on the
strategic priorities that you're interested in is all part of an ecosystem that
involves above the water line work and then all of this core work, again, that
we also talk about below the waterline as the areas of teamwork, which
means we actually have to be managing and coordinating and building
relationships and communicating. So much of our work is in this area of
service, again the routine work that we do as a community but also
responding to the community. Actually the fact that we do need to renew.
We've got to learn. We've got to train as any business or other organization
would. We do need to have some time to actually spend a little bit of time
                                                                        Page 30 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
