                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Number 4.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. It stood out to me that it said reduction of
requested contingency may affect consultant support, etc. Staffing will
depend on availability of Staff from other departments too. Can we get an
update on where we stand in our next step in this, when it would come back
to the Council and, at a high level, what that next step is before the Council?

Mr. Keene: Maybe on the larger issue, Gil can speak to the work plan
products. The issue on this budget issue, obviously this is just a tentative
issue. If I remember, I think it was a parking lot item in the Finance
Committee where the Committee was divided on the idea of keeping the
contingency at the $250,000 level versus cutting it in half. I think this point
was just trying to say if that reduction were to be maintained, then there are
some issues that need to be revisited. That is not a done deal yet.

Mayor Burt: I wasn't aware of that. I don't follow. A lower contingency, in
my mind, wouldn't mean you wouldn't go forward. It would mean that if it
ran over, you'd have to come back for additional funds.              Am I
misunderstanding that?

Mr. Keene: No. It depends upon what the intention is on the contingency.
If the idea was to say that—I think it was—a contingency is there to provide
capacity, if there's a reduction in capacity, that's one thing, which could
affect the schedule and the progress. If it's just a matter of process—do you
know what I mean—for providing capacity ...

Mayor Burt: I don't know that I'd equate contingency with capacity. I'd
equate contingency with contingency, meaning that you move forward. We
have a certain amount, and if we run over in costs, we have that already
budgeted. If we need more than that, then it could have an impact, but not
prior to then. I'm not following that. I don't want to get too deep in this.
Eric, can you at all clarify on the intent of the Finance Committee? You're
usually brief, so you can ...

Council Member Filseth: I'll try to be so. Somebody said it properly already.
There was some division on the Finance Committee. Essentially the majority
thinking was most of the funds for the S/CAP and expenditures for the
S/CAP program are coming out of the individual departments, Utilities and
so forth. As for the contingency fund, it wasn't completely clear. By nature,
it's a contingency. It wasn't completely clear how it was going to get spent.
As you said, if it's smaller and it hits, then it comes back to be budgeted
again. (inaudible) come back for a meatier adjustment or something like
that. It wasn't that it's not there; it's just it would come back.

                                                                        Page 59 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
