                         TRANSCRIPT
The Council certainly can talk to the policy issue underlying those parking
reports in connection with those information items that are reported on.

Council Member Schmid: I guess you mentioned the audit report. On Page
11 of the audit report, they do spend the entire page talking about
administering parking in-lieu fees. The Audit Report mentions the noticed
public hearing regarding the reasonable relationship between continued need
for parking, the impact of pending or anticipated commercial development.
They end that paragraph by saying the annual noticed public hearing to
satisfy this Code requirement has not been held. That doesn't sound like a
recommendation to drop it, let's treat it like all the other impact fees. It
seems to be saying, "Let's take a serious look at that." I do note that in the
Assistant City Manager's letter responding to the audit report, he said,
"residential parking programs are established to address a pressing need in
the community and by necessity to manage these programs and respect the
urgency with which the City Council would like to address these community
needs." That seems to be saying we will respond to the Auditor's Report
with the fact the City Council has identified the in-lieu parking fee as a
critical element in its planning.

Mr. Keene:    I'm listening very carefully.   I don't see how that's not
accommodated by the annual report that will still go to the Council just in
conjunction with some of these other fees as opposed to doing it separately
than this.

Council Member Schmid: As I said, I pointed out the City Manager's report
on the Plan Bay Area seems to indicate that Staff is using a ratio quite
different than our 1:250, some 30-50 percent higher ratio. That's a major
step.

Mr. Keene: (crosstalk) adopted that particular ….

Mayor Burt: I think the City Auditor—I'm giving a lot of latitude because this
is really not a question. This is a debate with Staff, and we're in a question
period. We have protocols.

Council Member Schmid: They are asking us to drop …

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, I'm going to let the City Auditor
respond here.

Harriet Richardson, City Auditor:     Thank you. Harriet Richardson, City
Auditor. The section of the Audit    Report that Council Member Schmid is
referring to—we were pointing that   there was a reporting requirement that
wasn't being met. We didn't tie it   specifically to what should be reported,
                                                                        Page 82 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
