                          TRANSCRIPT
and some of the neighbors who have apprehensions, that these days we can
address some of those issues in ways that we couldn't a decade or so ago
when this was last discussed?

Mr. de Geus: We haven't added restrooms for a while, because they've been
taken out of the Capital Budget. That would be the intent. As we go
forward and discuss the possibility of adding a restroom, we would share all
of that data.

Mayor Burt:     Frankly, some of the restrooms we have are full-scale
restrooms. Maybe we have more limited size to address that. Frankly,
there's also a consideration of little Johnny may pee in the bushes, but
elderly folks who also have a real need for restrooms cannot. In the
absence of restrooms, is it arguably discrimination against elderly access to
our parks? I'm not saying that's necessarily a legal threshold, but it
certainly is something for us to be thinking about when we weigh these
issues. On the school ground policy, I do think that whatever we determine,
whether it is our negotiated policy with the School District or legal
opportunities that we have public access to those grounds depending on
what you determine, that should be in the Parks Master Plan. Within that
context, we should really look at—we have a gradually growing number of
private schools. Are there opportunities to make private school playgrounds
also open to the public as part of a conditional use that we have when we
grant those schools? Is this a way to essentially expand our park grounds?
Not all locations are going to be equally appropriate for that. It certainly
would be a consideration that we could look at. There was a question about
Strawberry Hill. It's my understanding that's on Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) land. Is that correct?

Mr. de Geus: That's my understanding as well. We'll take a look at that.

Mayor Burt: We don't have authority over that, but it may be something
that we can once again negotiate with the District. Gunn's been there for 50
years, and they've never done anything with that land. They have moved
out into what was previously undeveloped land at that end of Gunn. This is
kind of a remote wedge. Maybe there's some way we can negotiate some
kind of shared use there. I don't see it as necessarily part of the Parks Plan,
but I do want to say that I like Council Member DuBois' concept of less
structured intramural sports. I heard several of my colleagues bemoan that
we don't have less structured playing, but I didn't hear any solutions until
that concept. That was an interesting one. Under the category of the
unique opportunities or some of the new lands, I think we should be having
a deliberate process that identifies underutilized public or private lands that
are candidates for future expansion or inclusion in park systems in the City.

                                                                       Page 29 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
