                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We have one speaker card. Why don't we hear from Mr. Geoff
Paulsen. Welcome.

Geoff Paulsen: Good evening, Mayor Burt, members of the Council. Thanks
for the opportunity. I'm Geoff Paulsen; I'm on the Board of the Canopy Tree
Planting Organization and also a member of the Lee family of the Foothills
Park. Just a couple of specific suggestions I have. One is I suggest that you
work with Staff to develop a policy for memorial trees and groves. Walter
Passmore had some good ideas. I think the Staff is capable of developing a
good policy there. Another one is regarding Arastradero Road. The upper
part used to be shaded by beautiful eucalyptus trees, you may remember,
but in the fire they were all burned and then cut down. I would suggest that
we replant Arastradero Road on both sides with oak trees to provide a
shaded bike route up into the hills. Along with that, close Arastradero Road
on weekends.       There's a part, about a half-mile stretch, that has no
driveways or anything. If you closed that to car traffic, it would create an
absolutely magnificent and absolutely safe weekend recreational
opportunity. Regarding Foothills Parks, this is really my true love. We used
to own Foothills Park; I was a ranger there. I would suggest that we test a
nonresident pass for weekday use with cars. This could be a fee-based
policy that could generate some revenue and also generate some goodwill
for the City. I would also suggest that we open Foothills Park to all bicycles
on all inlet routes all times, any day. That would promote bicycling and
goodwill from the community. Third, this is a little bit of something that
people don't know that much about. The City does own an emergency
easement from the valley in Foothills Park out to Los Trancos Road in Portola
Valley.    If the City were to pursue a recreational easement for a
bike/pedestrian (ped.) trail along that route, then it could be a wonderful
way for folks to ride up into Foothills Park without climbing the hill.
Congratulations on great plan opportunity with the Staff and MIG. I just
congratulate you on your efforts. Thank you.

Female: (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Why don't you come up and speak, and then fill it out with the
City Clerk as soon as you're done.

Tracy McCloud, Avenidas: I'm really sorry. Thank you. My name is Tracy
McCloud; I represent Avenidas. I'm here to speak on behalf of our seniors.
I'm tired, so I'm just going to read what I wrote. Palo Alto seniors are a
very active group. Based on surveys that we've done and what we see
every day at Avenidas, we know that activities in the health and wellness
category are among the most important to them. They regularly participate
in exercise classes and other activities to help them maintain their strength,

                                                                       Page 98 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
