                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I like the way this Motion is going. I do think we
need to think about the type of retail. I think the definition of retail is
getting very tricky. As one of the members of the audience, we have kind of
a warehouse masquerading as retail. On the other hand, we don't want that
kind of retail. I think we want a lot of play space retail. I think it would fall
under our personal services categories now. I think we need to think about
those definitions. We have things like the 3-D scanning store, the beta store
where you go in and try things out, things that you need to do in person. I
agree with a lot of the sentiment. I think University is thriving. We don't
really want to make a lot of changes necessarily to University. There was
some discussion here about amortizing out nonconforming uses. I think we
should be clear that I would support that for non-retail-like uses. Again, I
think you're hearing we like the barbershop and some of the personal
services that are there on University. I think we want the right touch, kind
of a light touch. The main focus is we're trying to protect existing retail. I
don't think we're trying to create a new retail mix. I don't know if we need
to call out—in your presentation you talked about amortization, but I don't
really see it here in the framework.

Mr. Lait: We highlighted it because it was a Council direction. What we're
saying is that's going to require a separate focus altogether.

Council Member DuBois: I basically would support the Motion. The other
concern was really the appeal process, but you answered that as well.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just have one clarification question. The "a"
amendment says maintain currently allowed uses in the Downtown District.
It also says we want to approve the draft framework, and the framework
says very clearly narrow the types of retail uses including prohibit personal
services. There are a lot of personal services there, financial services,
financial advice.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This supersedes that.

Council Member Schmid: Do you want to drop II under 1? A way of doing
that is change prohibit such personal services as, and then list them.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We could go through this and we could wordsmith it
and remove all those, if that would be helpful to Staff. I just thought if we
said ...

Council Member Schmid: I don't have any ...
                                                                         Page 96 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
