                          TRANSCRIPT
S/CAP based upon some of that language. In talking with a few folks, I
thought it was helpful for us to maybe reframe the way we talk about the
Comp Plan itself by this little diagram here. At the center of what we call
the Comp Plan is really the General Plan, which is a requirement in California
and in most states for localities to adopt a general planning document to
guide it. The truth is it's meant to be general. All the work we've been
doing has still been very much on a plan that is meant to deal with the core
issues at a high level. In our City, I don't know. Some of you Council
Members would know better than I do. We actually built our Comprehensive
Plan, which we are updating right now, with the core of this General Plan
and then we added other components to it that are not necessarily required
in the State law. That's that sort of inner circle that looks like a target. If
we could think about what we're really doing is ultimately enlarging the
range again of the Comp Plan into this wider area. In the case of the S/CAP,
which is up in the top, the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan, we would
be ultimately incorporating by reference into the Comp Plan the S/CAP. You
could be doing the same thing with, at the Council's discretion, other
planning documents that we have, the Parks and Recreation (Rec) Master
Plan, the Urban Forest Master Plan. When we get the time to be able to do
more detailed coordinated area plans, for example, we'll add those, or the
Council can choose to add those. I want to put that up there because it
parallels a little bit of this conversation about the S/CAP. When we finish
this year, 2017, this upcoming year, what we call the Comp Plan itself and in
that same timeframe the expectation would be we've gone through the
environmental review process for the S/CAP itself and adopted the S/CAP,
that would be incorporated by reference into our Comprehensive Plan. Not
everything has to be perfectly matched. It'll be almost a dynamic between
those two documents. I want you to think about it more in terms of just
other plans that we want to take forward. Before Gil completes, I have a
more simple view a little bit of what's happening here. The Council got—we
had a big Summit last year with a whole bunch of folks at the end of
January, I think. In April, we came to the Council with the Sustainability and
Climate Action Plan. It had a lot to it; even the vocabulary was kind of
complicated. We had goals and guidelines and strategies and targets and
action steps. While the Council said they generally adopted the framework,
it was actually kind of uncertain to me what that really meant, adopt the
framework. My sense was a lot of the Council concern, both spoken and
unspoken, started to deal with all of these detailed action steps that would
have to take place to start to meet these targets themselves. In many
ways, they were both all over the map. We had a 14-year away goal of
2030 to really start to get a handle on what should we do or not do over a
14-year period. To reach this audacious 80 by '30 goal is pretty hard to
make some decisions about. That is why when we went back after your
directives, we said, "There's too much here. We've got to break this off into
                                                                       Page 21 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
