                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Do we have discretionary review to reduce the panels under
the California Solar Rights Act for architectural reasons?

Ms. Silver: I don't believe you do. The question, though, is whether you
have the ability under your lease to do that. There are a couple of issues at
play, and we're still trying to sort out the lease language about whether you
have the ability under the lease to do that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time, we'll proceed to comments from the
public. We have three speakers. Our first speaker is Russ Cohen, to be
followed by Herb Borock. Welcome.

Mr. Lait: Mayor, as the speakers are approaching, I just wanted to respond
to Council Member DuBois' question. It's 35 feet. As we stated, the existing
parking structure is already at 51, almost 52 feet.

Russ Cohen: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. I just have a few
questions regarding this project. Perhaps if you have those same questions,
maybe Staff can answer them. If you recall several months back, the
Finance Committee took a look at the lease agreement and, I think, they felt
that the 16.5 cents per kilowatt hour was high, and it was rejected at that
time. I couldn't quite figure out the thinking behind the Staff Report as to
how it got back to 16 1/2 cents per kilowatt hour when a little research will
show that you can buy energy much cheaper than that today. Also, I'm a
little concerned that the Parking Assessment District, the parking garages
are actually assets of theirs. We don't own those garages, but we're
certainly a stakeholder in the process of anything that happens operationally
in those garages. There was very little, if no, outreach regarding this
project.    I'm hoping that in the future anything that has to do with
operations in the garages, structural changes, that sort of thing, would come
before us and we would have some input. After all, the stakeholders are the
constituents that pay those monthly fees to the Parking Assessment District.
The other issue, you've talked a lot about the 50-foot height limit. One
thing that occurred to me—this is certainly out of my purview—is that the
California Avenue garage, I think and I could be wrong on this, was designed
in a way where you could add stories to add parking. Again, I could be
wrong. This does set a precedent that adding infrastructure to that top floor
may prevent any additional structural enhancements parking-wise to that
parking structure. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt:   Mr. Cohen, are you speaking tonight on behalf of the
Downtown Business Improvement District or the Parking Assessment District
or what?


                                                                      Page 50 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
