                          TRANSCRIPT
you a copy of this because it really provides something that would be—if it is
adopted by the City as a guiding principle on how to integrate and maintain
nature in our sustainability framework, this could become a revolutionary
way for the entire State and beyond to look at sustainability, to look at
climate change, and to look at how do we not lose our birds, our wildlife, our
trees, the things that we care about and that connect our people to their
landscape, to the place where they grew up. It's a sense of place thing that
is really critical. I hope you have a little time to look at this. I will get back
to this in further comments later on. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ester Nigenda. Welcome.

Ester Nigenda: Thank you. Good evening, Council Members and attendees.
2014 is a year to remember. In January 2014, Governor Jerry Brown signed
California's Water Action Plan. On August 4th of the same year, Palo Alto
adopted a Resolution in support of sustainable groundwater management in
the San Francisquito Creek area. That same month, the City launched a new
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan initiative. One short month later,
Governor Brown signed the Sustainable Groundwater Management Act
(SGMA) pronounced "sigma." SGMA empowers local agencies to adopt
groundwater management plans that are tailored to the resources and needs
of their communities. By law, groundwater basins rated at high or moderate
priority are required to have groundwater management plans. The Santa
Clara water basin which is the source of our groundwater is rated as
moderate priority and is thus required to have a Groundwater Management
Plan. California's Department of Water Resources is releasing regulations
this year that cover what goes into local groundwater plans. The draft
release of these regulations is scheduled for early February 2016, and the
final is due in June 2016. However, Chapter 6 of SGMA already contains the
required and additional plan elements for this Plan, so we urge the City to
implement those that are already doable as soon as possible. It might be a
bit of a stretch time-wise, but it is our hope that sustainable groundwater
management be included in the next update of Palo Alto's Urban Water
Management Plan due on June 2016. Groundwater management is one of
the top ten Action Items identified in California's Water Action Plan.
Although, we have the Resolution, it is not mentioned in Palo Alto's
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. Next Sunday, June 24th, Palo Alto is
sponsoring the Sustainability Summit.          I believe that sustainable
groundwater usage, an important component of California's Water Action
Plan, should be addressed in this Summit. Thank you for your attention.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.



                                                                                Page 5 of 107
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
