                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Sandra Benefraim, I believe, to be followed
by Geri McGilroy. Welcome.

Sandra Benefraim: Thank you. I love living in Palo Alto. As of June of last
year, I began to change my mind due to the surprising increase of airplanes
flying over our City, in particular my home, since April 15th. It quickly
increased the numbers of planes just within a few months. It no longer was
the City I specifically chose to move into. I became very concerned by the
abrupt change in quality of life for my family and I. I was comforted by
seeing that the City's Council was willing to help its residents restore peace
over our skies. I was especially thankful to see that you voted to make this
a City Priority at the beginning of the year as part of the Healthy Cities
initiatives.   I'm here to thank you and to implore that you continue
representing and fighting for our rights. We have the right to enjoy our
homes, our backyards, our neighborhoods, our parks. I'd like to ask four
things today. Please provide a date by when you will share the data analysis
of actual noise measurements made by Freytag and Associates. Second,
through your website please ask residents to use stopjetnoise.net to report
intrusively loud aircrafts. Third, continue to partner with Anna Eshoo, our
Senators, other officials, airport representatives and residents and also
reach out to new partnerships with strong voices to help us in this fight. It
is not just a local issue, but a nationwide one. Senator John McCain realizes
how unfair the FAA's implementation of flight path changes in Phoenix is,
and he's supporting his constituents 100 percent. Please do the same for us
and our neighbors. Fourth, I implore for a clearer timeline for action and
next steps so we can all understand when progress will occur. We deserve
to have a voice and have the opportunity to be part of the FAA changes that
greatly impact our lives. We, the public, the residents of Palo Alto were not
clearly made aware of the FAA's flight path changes over our skies through
NextGEN. We had no input. This was and is still an alarming affair. FAA
needs to address past flight changes and improve community participation
before future changes are made. Thank you for working with us and helping
Palo Alto return to a great place to live. Moving out of Palo Alto is not an
option for me and many who live here. We do like it here and want to
continue. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Geri McGilroy to be followed by Marie Jo Fremont.

Geri McGilroy: I have no followers here; it's going to be tough. This is kind
of ad infinitum, Herb Caen style. Does anybody realize that our three
Starbucks do not recycle any of the thousands and hundreds of thousands of
sturdy cups, which could actually even be reused in our homes? I felt bad
about that. They recycle in San Raphael. Every day—I just love this person.
I'm receiving these every single day. They pollute the rivers. They pollute
                                                                        Page 9 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
