                         TRANSCRIPT
the bike boulevards. I think that's awesome. I really admire everything
that was done here earlier. The streets are no longer worker as an unpaid
for resource. We have to force the people who are using the streets to pay
for it. We have to keep the commercial autos out of the residential
neighborhood. It works. We know permit parking works. I don't agree with
the previous speaker that we need to defer this until there is an increased
supply. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Tommy Derrick, to be followed
by Marilyn Mayo.

Tommy Derrick: My name is Tommy Derrick. I've lived in Evergreen Park
for 39 years, and I was part of the process of getting the restricted street
closures in the neighborhood. Pat, you can add that to you 50,90 percent.
A little over 50 percent approved it when we started, and 95-plus percent
approve it now. I think the same thing is the case with putting a Residential
Parking program together. We're here because past Councils have failed to
do the job. It's time for you guys to step up. Kick the can is a program for
kids. You guys are way too smart, too intelligent, too capable to kick this
can down the street. I urge you to move tonight and move quickly. I've
had many conversations with Staff. They have said to me every time, "We
will do what the Council directs." You have the capability of setting up a
Residential Parking Permit program tonight by either annexing into College
Terrace. If you don't have the will and the courage to do that, set up one
for Evergreen Park and/or Southgate. I have opinions on which way that
could go. You guys can figure that out. You can set up a program that calls
for one commercial space available in every block that has ten or more
parking spaces. You do not need an outreach program. You do not need
data. You have all of the data in already, that there is a problem. I can't
believe anybody would say we need to study more to get that done. I urge
you to step above what Staff is recommending, do not put this into the long,
drawn out process that's like Downtown has been. Step up. Set up the
program tonight. Put it in place. There's three parts to this. A Motion, a
resolution and administrative regulations. You know how to make the
Motions. The resolution has already been written. Staff can review it and
provide it back to you in 30 days. We can have this in place in 30 days if
you have the courage to step forth and do it. I urge you to do. Thanks
much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Marilyn Mayo, to be followed
by Keith Ferrell.

Marilyn Mayo: Good evening, I'm Marilyn Mayo. I live at 404 Oxford
Avenue; I've lived there 35 years, but I've become a property manager in

                                                                      Page 87 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
