                          TRANSCRIPT
saw into the slabs to install. It's not as nimble at recognizing the difference
between vehicles and other objects like motorcycles, bikes, etc. A second
option for vehicle detection is an ultrasonic system. That's kind of the mid-
level option. It requires cabling and conduit to be installed overhead. It
senses objects by measuring the sound waves. It's a little better at
distinguishing what's a car versus what's an animal but still not 100 percent
accurate. The third option is a camera system. That is the most expensive,
but it is the most accurate. The cameras can identify cars versus other
objects, but they do only identify what's a car. It doesn't identify license
plates unless specifically designed to do so. It doesn't identify color of car,
that sort of information. Looking at the stakeholder feedback, looking at the
existing conditions in Palo Alto, the consultant recommendation is to install
the single-space parking guidance with LED indicator lights in the Downtown
garages. It's the most accurate and flexible system. It gives us the most
nimble operation of the parking garages once installed. They recommend
ceiling-mounted camera sensors and LED lights at each stall. On the roof
levels where there's nowhere for a ceiling-mounted object to go, they
recommend wireless, surface-mounted sensors. There would be monument
signs at each garage entry that would indicate the number of spaces
available on each floor and real-time parking occupancy data would be
available from the system for use on the City website for third-party apps,
etc. Looking at the very rough planning-level cost estimates, the primary
recommendation from the consultant is that single-space parking guidance
system with the indicator lights. The probable cost for installation of that
system, recognizing that it would be retrofit into the existing garages and
including an estimate for communications infrastructure and network
connections, is roughly $2 million. The alternate one identified by the
consultant is a single-space system with sensors only. That would just—it
would have a single-space count, but it would not have the indicator lights
that would identify what spaces or what type or which spaces are available.
That cost is about $1.26 million. The third alternate is the basic facility
count that would tell us if the garage is open or if it's full or would give us a
total count of vehicles roughly in the garage. That's just under $350,000.
Bringing us back to the Staff recommendation.              First of the parking
wayfinding portion, to direct Staff to solicit bids for the construction of the
Downtown parking wayfinding design in the blue color scheme. Second, to
direct Staff to prepare plans and estimates for construction and installation
of an automated parking guidance system with a preference for the single-
space monitoring in the Downtown parking garages and solicit bids when the
funding becomes available. With that, we conclude our presentation.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene.


                                                                          Page 47 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
