                         TRANSCRIPT
we're really doing is we're getting a vendor who's going to go out and put
together this RFP, at which time we will then make the decision, depending
on the results we get from the RFP, whether or not to do Option Two or
Option Three. Is that correct? Which is upgrade to SAP or get a new ERP
environment.

Mr. Reichental: Plus the potential for some managed services.

Vice Mayor Scharff: For managed services which are outside of either, and a
separate environment for Utilities.

Mr. Reichental: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's when we talk about going down a path. That's
the path we're going down.

Mr. Keene: Can I clarify?

Mr. Reichental: Yes.

Mr. Keene: I think it's not quite Option Two or Option Three. I actually
think the potential for the upgrade to SAP with managed services is included
in the way Option Three is put out, that a new government ERP system
which could be SAP, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I remember at the Finance Committee, Jonathan, you
said an upgraded SAP is the equivalent of a new ERP environment.

Mr. Reichental: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was just misunderstanding. Really what we're talking
about is Option Three, but we consider an upgraded SAP to be a new ERP
environment.

Mr. Reichental: I think that's accurate, yes. That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was a little confused when he said Option Two,
upgrade SAP. That's a different option then. That's not the one we're
pursuing, because they seemed like the same.

Mr. Keene: I think the difference is twofold. One is clearly the managed
services component is in there which would potentially offload some services
outside of the ERP. Secondly, Option Three is going to let the marketplace
dictate which way we're going to go, which could include SAP. Whereas, if
we were just to upgrade SAP, you'd just be saying stay with SAP and pursue

                                                                       Page 13 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/29/16
