                          TRANSCRIPT
Mateo has launched an independent smart bike system, using SoBi bicycles.
This is not part of the greater Bay Area Bike Share System, and it's intended
just to be a pilot. It's doing fairly well; again though, it's not connected to
the larger network. A few months back, in May, our City Manager, Jim
Keene, executed an agreement with other City Managers and
representatives from Stanford University to create what's called the
Manager's Mobility Partnership. This includes representatives from Redwood
City, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Palo Alto and Stanford University. It's
facilitated by the Joint Venture Silicon Valley group. One of the first tasks
that this group took on was to coordinate a bike share on the Peninsula.
Palo Alto served as kind of the point person for these negotiations. We
started talking to SoBi shortly after the April Study Session with City Council.
At first, we were leaning towards creating some type of independent system
and executing a contract directly with SoBi and perhaps setting up a
nonprofit or one of the cities taking the lead on operations. About two
months ago, three months ago, Motivate actually approached us—Motivate
the current operator of Bay Area Bike Share—and offered to use SoBi
equipment for an expansion on the Peninsula and actually provide the City of
Palo Alto with free operations for the system during the life of the contract.
That's an exceptional offer that not many cities receive. A lot of cities need
to put public funding into the operations or rely heavily on subsidies, Federal
funding. This is a really good opportunity for the City. The proposal that's
on the table today is in the term sheet that's included in your packet and
would require the City of Palo Alto to purchase 350 SoBi bicycles and hub
equipment for a total cost of $1,160,803. A portion of this would be covered
by a grant that we would receive from the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) Transportation Fund for Clean Air (TFCA) grants. We
actually applied for those shortly before the meeting back in April. We
received $171,000, and that can be used for a capital purchase of the
equipment. That would reduce our costs by $171,000. Motivate has agreed
to operate the system free of cost, free of charge to the City of Palo Alto for
the life of the contract. The current contract length that we are considering
is five years. That is to enable us to take a look at the performance of the
system and also look at whether there's additional revenue sources that
could be available through sponsorship or other opportunities when that five
year contract is up. If we elect to expand the program beyond 350 bikes—
we would actually like to eventually get to 700 bikes through a Phase 2
expansion in 2018. If we do expand beyond that 350 bicycles, Palo Alto
would be responsible for $100 per bike per month. This is also a good deal.
In our prior negotiations, before we received the offer from Motivate, we
were looking at potentially paying $130 per bike per month. This is a really
good deal if we were to elect to move beyond the 350-bike system. We also
managed to negotiate terms for our neighbors along the Peninsula. Motivate
is willing to offer our neighbors similar terms if Menlo Park, Redwood City
                                                                         Page 74 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
