                          TRANSCRIPT
I think is existing plus future development in the area plus the project. I
think that's what that is. If you look on Page 199—sorry, Page 194, we've
got existing plus project that is that same 58.8 seconds we just looked at.
It's the average delay in the morning at the El Camino/Page Mill intersection.
If you look on Page 199, there's another table. Bear with me; I'll get
through this quickly. That's the background plus project. It's actually ...

Mr. Lait: Council Member, I'm sorry. Not to interrupt you, but this is going
to be a question that we're going to defer to the applicant's consultant.

Council Member Filseth: All right. We'll wait for the applicant. My last
question is on Page 199, it says the increase in critical delay of 0.8 seconds,
at the morning peak hour at that intersection, which in Palo Alto is not
significant. If we use the Menlo Park standards, that would actually be
significant. Just an observation. Now I want to ask a question about
parking. The required parking in the Staff Report says it needs 108 parking
spaces. If I look on Page 276 of the Staff Report, during the actual PTC
meeting, in the minutes, there's a calculation from Staff—in fact, I believe
it's from Ms. Gerhardt—that actually it needs 118 parking spaces. Where's
the other 10? How did it change from 118 to 108?

Ms. Gerhardt: I believe the 118 that I was speaking of at that point is if you
use the standard parking ratios versus this property is half in the California
Avenue Parking District, and the other half we use our standard parking ratio
for. There's not really a missing 10 spaces.

Mr. Lait: If you did not apply the California Avenue Parking Assessment
District, you would have that 118 as a requirement. Because half or more of
the parcel is within the California Avenue Parking District, they get the
reduced parking standard.

 Council Member Filseth: Because half the building is within the Parking
Assessment District and (inaudible) it's 310 or something like that? It's 310,
not 250. I saw that in the report.

Mr. Lait: Right, right.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. Just one more question. The applicant
is requesting a CUP to go above the 5,000 square feet of office space. As I
look at the Code, it looks to me like you need a CUP if you want to put an
ambulance service there. It's a use difference. Isn't what they need a
variance, not a CUP, to exceed the area?

Mr. Lait: Let me see if we can find that section.

                                                                        Page 31 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
