                          TRANSCRIPT
things in new construction where TCE and other contaminants are found.
Both of those involve vapor barriers.        Vapor barriers alone are not
considered—one more minute? Vapor barriers are not considered by DTSC
to be sufficient mitigation. You do need to do long-term management—I
won't go into the details about that—to make sure that things work.
Basically, these buildings are proposed to be built close to contamination at
very high levels in the soil gas. There's an easy way to protect people.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Fred Balin, speaking on behalf
of Eric Heaton, Ann Balin, Stewart Carl, William Heaton, and Doria Summa.
Welcome.

Fred Balin speaking for Eric Heaton, Ann Balin, Stewart Carl, William Heaton,
Doria Summa: Good evening. Fred Balin, College Terrace. Mayfield upper
California Avenue housing, last Agenda list item before summer break, once
again. In June 2014, the hazmat section of your environmental confirmation
concluded no new significant impacts. We now know that was not correct,
because on the 1601 California Avenue parcel for which a Phase 2 study was
not submitted, nine months after your approval, TCE was discovered
originating from that site, a significant impact not noted. We also know now
that in 2014 the likelihood of TCE contamination from the 1601 California
Avenue (Cal. Ave.) site was known but not reported to you. On the adjacent
parcel, 1501 Cal. Ave., where a Phase 2 assessment was submitted, TCE
was detected in groundwater above maximum contamination level, 50 feet
below ground, and the likely source identified as 1601 California Avenue.
It's hard to see, but it's in the top, left-hand section of the middle graphic,
which is the middle to three properties. The finding was also specifically
stated in a letter from DTSC to the applicant six months earlier, as I
submitted to you today, but the information was not included in the source
references for the environmental confirmation memo or other public
communications to the City. Why? Let's move from groundwater to soil
gas. The TCE vapor between soil particles. Here's what we faced when we
finally received the 1601 Phase 2 risk assessment. Stay calm. Over 50
detection points marked with one or two symbols for screening level,
connected to boxes with TCE measures at up to three depths, dotted outline
for the former building, housing reorientation plan in the background, small
legend at the bottom and measured values ranging from single digits to
almost 200,000. Enter the genius of resident scientist Ed Schmidt. This
visualization was submitted to DTSC and you. Ed's overseas today. It's
based on the very same data and screening level on the other chart. Here,
at each detection point, one value, the highest, and represented by the
diameter of the symbol, also estimated zones of high and low concentration.
It goes over onto the other property as well. How did he do it? Diameter is
                                                                         Page 24 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
