                           TRANSCRIPT
about the spine road.       It says this was presented to the Planning
Commission in 2004. It's unlikely the information will be incorporated into
the ZOU; however, it is more appropriate to be addressed in the EIR for the
Research Park or in subsequent site planning. I guess what I'm looking is, is
the intention for your "D" to be the consideration of the spine road? This
only says bike; it doesn't pedestrian and bike. Did you want to add
pedestrian and bike?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Council Member Holman: You do want to add pedestrian and bike. Is your
intention that this would be—I'm still trying to get clarity—consistent with
what's long considered the spine road?

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION2 WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part D, “pedestrian and” after “for a
future.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's not automatically. If a future opportunity comes in,
I don't want the leaseholder to stand in the way of what Stanford and the
City might want to do for future connectivity. That's really all it is. It's to
provide some insurance that 10 years from now, if the parcel next door
redevelops, if Stanford wants to do it, hand are not tied because we didn't at
this moment make something for the future, allowance for the future. It's
really that simple.

Council Member Holman: You've heard, so you kind of know where I'm
coming from here. Having to do with the noise and rooftop ambient level
noise, having talked with ARB members over the last long period of time,
much of the HVAC equipment could go in basements or in interior places in
buildings. I'm really concerned about the potential impact of this as it was
identified in the EIR. I'm wondering if the maker of the motion would
consider an amendment to have Staff go back and review and put as much
of this HVAC equipment inside the building as is absolutely feasible.

Mayor Burt: I think we have a Staff comment on that.

Ms. Gerhardt: I just wanted to note that to the degree that we put this
equipment inside of a building, it could be considered FAR. We need to be
mindful of that fact.

Council Member Holman: Let's call it amenity space then. I'm really
concerned about the noise impact. The industrial park has significant impact
on the College Terrace residency anyway. Vice Mayor Scharff?

                                                                         Page 84 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
