                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I had a question first. Earlier in the
presentation, you said that you had a preference for people that work in—
are already here in Palo Alto or work here. Can you shed a little more detail
on that? How exactly does that work?

Ms. Gonzalez: For a new construction project, we set up a lottery system to
put our wait list together. In our agreement, we always give a preference to
people who either live or work in Palo Alto. As we move through the wait
list, if you don't live or work in Palo Alto, you literally get skipped unless
there is no more wait list. That means almost all the units get filled by
people who live or work in Palo Alto. Does that make sense?

Council Member Filseth: Yes. That's helpful. If I understand what you said,
essentially what you're saying is there's a lottery. It's almost like there's
two passes. The first pass is a lottery amongst people that live or work
here. If there's any left, there's another lottery for—but there aren't any
left, right?

Ms. Gonzalez: There's never any left.

Council Member Filseth: What happens when somebody moves out? What
happens to that unit?

Ms. Gonzalez: Then we go to our wait list. If the next person in line does
not live or work in Palo Alto, they get skipped again.

Council Member Filseth: In practice, are most or even all of the folks that
live in like California Park, for example—I guess they all live in Palo Alto if
they live in California Park. Do they all work here?

Ms. Gonzalez: I'm not sure where they all work. A lot of them work locally.
I know a lot of people bike from Cal Park but ...

Council Member Filseth: They commute elsewhere. The PTOD versus
zoning thing that Vice Mayor Scharff brings up seems like something we're
going to need to sort out, as that's sort of how we do things. My preference
on this is—we're a policy group here at the Council. We ought to be setting
policy. I don't like these things where the project comes and we review
individual projects that are a one-off and say, "Why don't you tweak this?
Why don't you tweak that?" I think we ought to have a process for this kind
of stuff. What you've said is that on the Cal Park, depending on sort of how
the PTOD versus zoning thing works out, maybe it meets Code. If it meets
Code, we should just go do it. The Council shouldn't stand in the way of
that. What you guys have said is that in a lot of cases you can't afford to
build them because the Codes are too restrictive. If we want to do these
                                                                        Page 14 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
