                          TRANSCRIPT

Ms. Gitelman: Sure. I think the intent of the motion was to interject this
kind of qualitative concept in each one of them, so we'd end up with a
range. That's good direction. We can follow that lead.

Council Member DuBois:      The only difference here is more weighting on
traffic and parking.

Ms. Gitelman: Right.

Council Member DuBois: Which we added 10 points here. We need to either
10 points from somewhere else or ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Or we could just have more points. I'd just have more
points. Finally, Mayor Burt actually I thought had a really good point when
he said on "2c," I would change it to projects will receive up to 20 points if
they are of exceptional design quality as approved by ARB.

Council Member DuBois: That's (inaudible).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “replace 2. Design (c)
Consideration for Each Criterion with, ‘receive up to 20 points for the highest
quality design.’”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: On this bit that we were just discussing, I'm
wondering if it's redundant because the part about parking has Footnote 2
which refers to the ability to use Palo Alto Municipal Code Section 18.52.050
which also includes TDM. I don't mind additional emphasis on TDM. That's
obviously something we're all fans of here. I just want to make sure it's not
redundant, and also again want to make sure that we're not creating too
much work for Staff when we've passed the ordinance that had, I thought,
language that matched what was here.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. Maybe I misunderstood the
exchange between Vice Mayor Scharff and Mayor Burt. I thought the TDM
was not included there because—I mean, the criterion is the ability to avoid
or address potential impacts on traffic and parking.

Mayor Burt: Yeah, they'll get that changed.

Ms. Gitelman: The TDM is really a way to ...
                                                                         Page 66 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
