                          TRANSCRIPT
animal care services and develop a plan for animal shelter facility
construction or rehabilitation, and to return to City Council by December
2016 with a recommended agreement; and direct Staff to consider the long
term capital program for the animal shelter and that this consideration
includes the surrounding land and related services.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously. Thank
you to everyone for attending and participating tonight. We'll look forward
to a next meeting on this, hopefully in December. That concludes—we'll
take a quick five minute break.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Council took a break from 8:50 P.M. to 8:58 P.M.

4.    Acceptance of the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking (RPP)
      Program Phase 2 Status Update and Resolution 9625 Entitled,
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending the
      Eligibility Area for the Program as Directed by the City Council
      (Continued From August 15, 2016).”

Mayor Burt: Our next item is acceptance of the Downtown Residential
Preferential Parking Program (RPP) Phase 2 status update and adoption of a
Resolution amending the eligibility area for the program as directed by the
City Council. This is continued from August 15, 2016. Welcome, Mr. Mello.
I'm sorry. Vice Mayor Scharff, you need to ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm recusing myself because I own commercial property
in the Downtown.

Vice Mayor Scharff left the meeting at 8:59 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Mello.

Josh Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Thank you, Mayor, members of
Council. I'm Josh Mello. I'm the City's Chief Transportation Official. With
me this evening is our newly appointed Transportation Programs Manager,
Sue-Ellen Atkinson. Back when you approved Phase 2 of the Downtown
Residential Preferential Parking Program in February of this year, you
directed us to come back four months into the program and provide you an
update on the performance of Phase 2. July would have been the close of
that four month period, and that's when this Staff Report was prepared, at
the end of that four month period. We're going to provide you with an
update on that program and also introduce a Resolution supporting an action
that you took a little bit later this year in order to add a couple of streets to
                                                                         Page 67 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
