                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Why don't we take a moment to discuss this then? I think out
of fairness for the process, we can go into the meeting essentially requiring
a unanimous vote. In order to be able to have the possibility of passing the
Ordinance without, at this point in time, commenting in any way on the
merits of either side, is that really the best process? Council Member
DuBois, did you want to weigh in?

Council Member DuBois: One thought is we've talked about potentially
allowing Council Members to call in. I don't know if anybody that's going to
miss next week would be able to dial in. The other comment, I guess, would
be about Council Member Scharff, I don't know if he's next here next week.

Mr. Keene: He would be counted in one of the ones who would make five.

Council Member DuBois: He didn't have the benefit of public (crosstalk).

Ms. Stump:    He does need to review the record and, exactly, watch the
video.

Council Member DuBois: I am uncomfortable doing this with just five.                If
there's a way to increase that number, we should explore it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Of course, the other way is look at the May 2nd
Agenda. Right now there are four Action Items on the May 2nd Agenda. I'm
wondering if the site and design review could be bumped. Is there a
timeliness to that? So we can address this with larger participation.

Mr. Keene: We could push that Item, but not too far, Jonathan says. Is it a
public hearing that we've already noticed it? You need to check that. We
actually have five Agenda Items.         We also have the receipt of the
transportation tax poll results and discussion.

Mayor Burt: Which will be very time sensitive.

Mr. Keene: You do have a Colleagues Memo on Evergreen Park, and we are
going to be taking that up separately on the following week, on May 9th.
The neighborhood petition, so you could combine those.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene, I realized after our pre-Council meeting today that
from a process standpoint with a Colleagues Memo, we're not to take action
on it. It would naturally be potentially referred to May 9th, if it was taken up
on the 2nd. I didn't think of that earlier today. That's probably the right
process.

                                                                          Page 91 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
