                         TRANSCRIPT
process does not allow deliberation and deep dives. Trying to figure out how
we tie sustainability as a cross-index measure into the document is very
challenging to do in the notion of having 20 people sitting around a room
with three minutes to talk. Where, frankly, we need a group up at a white
board drawing lines and creating concepts that could actually come into the
Comprehensive Plan to bring some innovation. The notion of popping off in
three minute sections is not bringing the innovation.          The movement
towards creating the subcommittees holds promise. The challenge again has
been the burden that these subcommittees pose to Staff. As we've talked
about, the Sustainability Committee is this core Committee. Unfortunately,
because of logistics, the Sustainability Committee has not been allowed to
meet yet.      We haven't been called to duty, so we haven't had that
opportunity to do that hard thinking that, I think, is absolutely essential to
crack this nut. It's kind of a nut. I didn't mean to be quite so melodramatic
up here. One thing I'm seeing about the—there was a question of you get to
do sustainability as a cross-index, why don't we do other cross-indexing?
One of the things I'm realizing and I think we should capitalize is there's
alignment between the metrics and the measurements in terms of
sustainability and the S/CAP and what we're doing in the EIR. In many
respects, the EIR is a document of metrics, of projections towards the
environment. With the breadth of the terminology of sustainability, I think
we have the privilege to kind of create some plumbing between
sustainability and the Draft EIR so that the Draft EIR not only works as a
one-time document that we do when we draft it, but it maybe becomes an
idea for the ongoing metric of our Comp. Plan. Sometimes we call it an
evergreen document. As the Comp. Plan comes forward, we look towards
the idea of wiring the EIR measurements so that any time the Council would
ask, they'd light up this document, and we could start seeing our
sustainability. One thought for us to do is to consider that. Another
frustration—Gil's gotten my wrath, when you write emails too late at night, I
guess. It is a total drag not having the S/CAP to work with. How can we be
writing the Comprehensive Plan and not have our S/CAP? It's like we're
driving blind. My vision and my hope is, again, that the S/CAP and the
Comp. Plan can start aligning a little bit once we see it. A good example is
time horizons, that we set time horizons in the Comp. Plan, and the Comp.
Plan and the S/CAP ought to be aligned in their dates so that the two
documents actually work in synergy rather than being disparate documents.
That would be something that I'd ask the group to think about. I think I've
dumped enough, but I hope to focus with a passion towards sustainability,
not as an advocate but more as a tool for the Council in this space. The
challenge has been that the format to date has not accommodated this type
of thinking, be it the Brown Act or whatever, but we really need to get small
group thinking so that we can come up with these concepts. Thanks for—I
don't know. I just wanted to give you my nickel on this thing.
                                                                            Page 62 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
