                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: We didn't do any polling.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We did no polling. What we're looking at here is soft
support. That's what the pollsters told us. In fact, somewhere in here it
says basically half the support for the measure is soft support and could
erode. On Page 4 of the Staff Report, I think it's really very telling when
TBWB—that's you guys, our pollsters—stated that a fundraising effort for
proponents of the measure would likely need to be in the $150,000-
$200,000 range. That's a joke. That is never happening. On the TOT, we
raised ...

Council Member Berman: Twenty-five.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought it was $5,000-$10,000.

Council Member Berman: I thought we raised more.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't think so. The point is the notion that you would
raise anywhere close to that kind of money is just not happening. A lot of
this depends. If the business community spends--$150,000 is what I heard
our pollsters say in the meeting. Correct me if I'm throwing the wrong
number out. That would be a concentrated effort. That support could easily
erode, and this measure could go down to defeat, which would be really
unfortunate. We have the opportunity to step back a moment, form a blue
ribbon commission or something similar, identify the projects that need to
be done, identify how much money we need, and come up with a plan. I
just want to remind everyone what the Weekly said about this. The Weekly
said the current effort is half-baked, lacks any commitment to what is to
be—just read that for me—funded and fails in detail how it would be
implemented. The point is that's a really strong statement. Then, they
contrast that with the 2014 TOT measure which says that the measure was
carefully developed with a clear purpose and funding high-priority
infrastructure projects. That's what we need to do. We need to fund high-
priority projects that deal with traffic congestion. That's what we need to
do. If we don't know what those are—I just don't see us sitting here tonight
and being able to figure that out. We all then go on break; we try and put it
together. Jim Keene, our City Manager—Jim, you're going to hate that you
said this, because I'm going to repeat it as well as one of the speakers—said
Staff can't do their best work in this timeframe. If Staff can't bring their A
game, why are we shoving this forward right now? It reminds me a little bit
of David Cameron and the Brexit issue. David Cameron decided to put on
the ballot the whole Brexit thing, because at the time the polls showed that
it couldn't win and it was a short-term political gain that he would become
Prime Minister for it. That's pretty obvious. No one foresaw that this would

                                                                        Page 80 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
