                          TRANSCRIPT
      Target, Guiding Principles and Decision Criteria, Implementation
      Priorities, and Next Steps.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to our Action Items. Our first Item is a
review of the annual Earth Day Report and providing direction to Staff
regarding Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP), or S/CAP,
including feedback regarding an 80 percent by 2030 greenhouse gas (GHG)
reduction target, Guiding Principles and decision criteria, implementation
priorities and next steps. Welcome Mr. Friend.

Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer: Good evening, Mayor Burt. Good
evening, Council Members. Thank you for having me back here tonight. I'm
Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer for the City. I appreciate you taking a
generous amount of time to dive into this big and complex and very
important topic. I'm joined here tonight by Betty Seto from DNV GL, our
prime consultant on the project. I'd like to acknowledge of a number of
Staff members in the audience who have contributed to this work. Joshuah
Mello, our Chief Transportation Official, Phil Bobel, Deputy Director of Public
Works, Sarah Isabel Moe, on my Staff, and our Assistant City Managers and,
of course, Mr. Keene. I imagine we may have some other people joining us
from some other departments. The Sustainability and Climate Action Plan is
really an exploration of how we create the kind of future that we want, that's
healthier and safer and more sustainable, of course, but also more
prosperous and resilient for this community. In the course of doing that, do
our part in facing the global climate challenge and plan a future that inspires
us and others around us. Some of what we'll present to you seems
challenging. Some people say some of it is impossible, but I think we're in a
part of the world that creates impossible solutions over and over again. We
may have an opportunity here to do that again. Palo Alto's got a long
history of leadership around sustainability. I'm not going to read the details
on this slide, but we've done a lot reaching back more than a century. More
than 150 sustainability initiatives under way right now by the City, many
more in the pipeline. Some very large challenges ahead that face us as a
specific local instance of challenges that are facing the entire planet,
droughts and storms and sea level rise. We've spoken a lot about housing
and congestion which bear on this plan as well. Big changes facing the
utility industry and the climate challenge that we face as a species. Why is
this important now? There are significant risks that we face from climate
change and associated events.          There's the challenge of building the
resilience of this community, our ability to withstand shock and stress and
disturbances both predictable and unpredictable. We've got a strong record
in that area, in emergency response. Also, there are rewards as well as
risks facing us, primarily front and center for most people is a better life for
us and our children and their children, as well as the challenge to protect the
                                                                          Page 15 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
