                          TRANSCRIPT
the way of landscape. When we compare it to other cities, it does a poor job
reflecting a community that has resources and a tendency, I think, towards
animal-friendliness, which is apparent to almost anyone at the town
shopping centers on a weekend. I'm originally from Carmel, and I go up and
down Highway 101. I pass the Gilroy Animal Shelter. Ours looks a lot like
that one, which is not a criticism of Gilroy, but more a statement of the
investment that we've made over the years and a very different resource
space making that same investment. I have no doubt that the current City
Staff have done the best they can with the resources they've been provided
and the leadership that's been in place over these last years. There's an
opportunity to make some changes and improve the situation, despite the
fact that change is always hard, and it's difficult particularly for the people
that are affected. Animal care practices have evolved since the early days of
the City dog catcher, from which the shelter has got its root. Pets in Need,
who I'm here to support, has a long history of implementing those practices,
and they've really gone the distance to demonstrate their capabilities, their
willingness and their enthusiasm for running a shelter. They've shown how
they can be fiscally responsible. I think they've found iterations of numbers
while providing the services, all services, that are provided today to all our
feather, furry and scaled ones that walk through the door, be it at the
shelter itself or through partnerships, which is how it's done today. I
encourage you not to let this opportunity pass by. First, there aren't any
really viable alternatives, and this one's been in the making for at least four
years. It's also been heavily vetted by your City Staff. I can't imagine what
it'll take to put an alternative together, given that. I'll stop there and
hopefully leave you with my point.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We'll now go to City Manager Comments. Mr. Shikada.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Mayor, members of the
Council. On behalf of the City Manager, there are a few items of timely
information I'd like to pass along, on behalf of the administration as well.
First, today is the 27th anniversary of the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake.
Annually California has the Great Shakeout to remind us to drop, cover and
hold if an earthquake occurs. Our community will join millions of others
through the state on the Great California Shakeout on Thursday,
October 20th, at 10:20 A.M. to practice this drop, cover and hold.
Participating is a great way for families and organizations to be prepared to
survive and recover quickly from a big earthquake, whether at work or
anywhere in your travels. We know the odds of a major quake rise each

                                                                       Page 22 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
