                          TRANSCRIPT
credible. It stands with the American Community Survey as the best
sources of data. It's something that we can and should use throughout the
year as we look at things. Today, our goal is to look at Priorities. This
survey, I think, gives a very clear and important measure. I compared the
last three years with the period 2006, 2010, and it's very clear where the
concerns are in the community. Traffic is at 33 percent, down 23 from the
earlier period. Travel by car is a 30 percent approval, down 20 percent from
the late 2000s. Public transit is at 42 percent, down 28 percent. Parking is
at 37 percent. These are some of the lowest scores of approval in our
survey. I think it clearly says, if you look at those indicators of mobility
around town, they are the most sensitive indictors of the community around
growth. Growth remains, I think, the critical issue that we should be
discussing today. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to echo that, again, it's one of our highest
quality surveys, statistical representative. I think a lot of the values in the
longitudinal data over the years, when you look at a percentage for any one
year, you really need to put it in context. I'd like to see, I guess, more of
the trending data in the report, I mean, next year. Things like shifts in
demographics. It's kind of striking that 35 percent of the people here have
been here less than five years. I couldn't find what that trend has been over
the years, so I don't know if that's significant or not.

Ms. Richardson: We put together the executive summary for the report, but
the National Research Center puts together the report itself based on the
data. On the demographic data, they only give us that year. We do have
copies of all of those old surveys, and we can put something together that
shows that shift over time which might be helpful to inform some of the
things that you're talking about.

Council Member DuBois: Is that in Tableau already?

Ms. Richardson: I believe that part is.

Council Member DuBois: I'll go look there. That'd be really useful.

Ms. Richardson: I'll double check that, but I believe we did put all the
demographics in there.

Council Member DuBois:     My impression is we're somewhat a bipolar
community at this point. We had 35 percent less than five years, 35 percent
more than 20 years. We have 38 percent of people over 55. The same
thing on income. We had 30 percent of the people paying 2,000 a month or
                                                                         Page 12 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
