                         TRANSCRIPT
about establishing a local parking demand database to determine the
standards for different housing types, including affordable housing, senior
housing, market rate housing of different types, and using that database
including proximity to services for the various types as a way to revise our
parking standards if appropriate. We put that in the Housing Element with a
timeframe of four years from Housing Element adoption. It is something
that we should be getting to in the next year or so, and we'll look forward to
collaborating with Palo Alto Housing and other housing providers on that
effort.

Mayor Burt: I hear you on waiting until we do priority setting in January or
February and then outcome of that to scheduling a Council meeting where
we would or wouldn't be trying to move forward. By the time any of that
would happen, we're talking at least a year out before we'd have some
action and we're back to the Comp Plan. We've been talking tonight about
an affordable project, but we do have this more attainable housing. We had
the project just weeks ago at the VTA lot, where we had a Study Session on
it. We have discussions whether we might be able to have a portion of that
be somehow designated for critical employees at slightly below market rate
but not BMR rates. I personally don't want to wait and don't think that we
should wait a year or more to address these issues. What I'd like to do is
kind of get a straw poll from the Council to give Staff some sense of do we
want to wait until after next year's priority setting to look at bringing
actionable items back to the Council on these two sorts of housing projects,
small unit, market rate and affordable projects, or do we want it to come
back to the Council sooner. That could begin to get agendized for the first of
the year to actually come to the Council or whatever, but agendize an Action
Item that would allow the Council to actually give direction on what we want
to do in these regards. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: As I heard the comment or the question that was
posed, maybe you can clarify it for me. I heard two different things. I
heard looking at small units and then also looking at, I think you said, below
market rate units. I don't see them as the same kind of package. I would
look at the affordable units—we should call them the BMR units—and some
other level of affordability.     I wouldn't state it as just small unit
considerations.

Mayor Burt: As Council Members just want to quickly wade in on that, they
can simply say, "I don't want either of these to come forward sooner than
the Comp Plan" or "I want one type" or "I want both types." To be more
expeditious, we can just be that clear.



                                                                       Page 33 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
