                          TRANSCRIPT
vibrancy. I think we're basically blessed with a very vibrant retail scene in
the Downtown. What I'd like to do is fill in the holes. A lot of times we
talked about that we're going to come back and look at the Wells Fargo
building, which is the poster child for basically breaking that block. That's
sort of what I would like to see on a broader thing. I also do think that—the
25 percent office, I don't think I'm supportive of that. What else would I
want to say about this? Those are really my thoughts. I think what I'd like
to do is to move the proposed framework as a starting point, and then we
can work on it. There's a lot of good things in this proposed framework
frankly. I'll move the proposed framework without prohibiting the personal
services such as nails and barbershops and without adding the medical use
within the Downtown core.

Mayor Burt: Where is that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: The medical stuff I thought I saw that in—where was it?
Allow retail uses—yes, here. It's under allow a range of retail and retail-like
uses in the greater GF District outside of University Avenue. The third bullet
under Number 1. I'm open to other changes in this. I just thought I'd start
there frankly.

Council Member Kniss: Do you have a second?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Not yet.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second it.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve the draft framework for an Ordinance strengthening retail
protections in the Downtown and South of Forest Area (SOFA II) with the
following changes:

A.    Remove Number 1, Bullet 2 and Number 1, Bullet 3; and

B.    Protect all current retail in the Downtown Business District.

Mayor Burt: Would you like to speak further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would. I do think there are probably some other
things we should add to this. One, I think we should add protecting all retail
that currently exists within the ground floor. Would that be okay with you as
the ...

Council Member Kniss: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) Downtown District?
                                                                        Page 79 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
