                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: As we move into this, if any Council Member
leaves, we've got to suspend the session. If someone wants to take a five-
minute break before we start. Item Number 1 4B, adoption of an ordinance
dealing with the residential parking programs. Hillary, do you want to
introduce it?

Sue-Ellen Atkinson, Parking Operations Lead: I am. Good evening. Thank
you for having us back tonight to talk through more of the Phase 2 program
for the Downtown RPP Program. When we were here in December we
provided an overview of Phase 2 of the Downtown Residential Preferential
Parking Program.        At Council direction, we've returned tonight with
additional information. Tonight we'll be going over the updates to the
Citywide RPP Ordinance and the additions to the Downtown RPP Resolution.
We'll also go over the RPP Administrative Guidelines, and then looking more
closely at the Downtown RPP District. We'll look at the Phase 2 proposed
boundaries and employee parking zones, and then talk about a couple of
contract amendments that we've included for administration of the Phase 2
portion of the program. I'm sorry. I didn't introduce myself. Sue-Ellen
Atkinson. I'm Parking Operations Lead for the City. Looking at the Citywide
RPP Ordinance. This is a very broad, overarching ordinance that serves to
cover any RPP District within the City. It was adopted just over a year ago,
December 2014. We reviewed it December 2015 with an eye towards any
updates that were necessary at that time based on our experience with the
current pilot program. The additions or changes that were made that are up
for your review include an opt-out process for streets within a district. As
written, there's an opt-out option for streets, but it has to be done within 90
days of adoption of the RPP District. What we wanted to do was to offer a
recurring option for streets that are part of a district to opt-out and not be
confined just to the first 90 days after the program has been adopted. The
opt-out process is an annual option that would be reviewed March 31st of
each year for any streets within an existing RPP District that no longer
wanted to be a part of that RPP District. The other addition to the ordinance
is the establishment of eligibility areas adjacent to any existing RPP District.
What that means is geographical areas that are adjacent to an existing
district would be essentially preapproved for annexation or addition to that
RPP District. The streets that would be approved as an eligibility area would
not necessarily be added to the RPP District, but they would be preapproved
to opt in through a petition and survey process administratively rather than
being annexed by City Council each time. Moving into the Downtown RPP
Resolution, this resolution is specific is to the Downtown RPP Program. The
first portion of the update is the updated boundary looking at Phase 2. The
first update is certain streets, about a dozen or so, have submitted petitions
to our department to be annexed into the existing Downtown RPP District.
What that means is that we set a deadline of, I believe, mid-November. The
                                                                         Page 78 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
