                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Any other Utilities items? Ed, that doesn't mean you get to go
home. Put on your next hat. What department next, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: We're starting to get into the big ones now.                I
think Public Works on Page 15.

Council Member Holman: Could I just suggest that we do Planning before
Public Works?

Council Member DuBois: Planning is the largest.

Council Member Holman: I know. Hillary always has to wait until the last
dog is dead. If we could give her a little priority some time, that would be
really ...

Council Member Kniss: I agree with Karen. It may go faster than you think.

Mayor Burt: Let's go Public Works. Who has Public Works items? We're on
Page 15, and it carries over to Page 19. Pardon me?

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: We don't need to talk about the things we do have. Let's just
go on the ones we need to ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like to talk about the golf course reconfiguration.
That would be Item Number 72. I realize why it's in yellow, and I realize it's
still hung up on the permits. I just want to make sure we're correct on that.

Mr. Sartor: That's correct. We're close but not quite there.

Vice Mayor Scharff: One of my concerns on this is that we started the
project without the permits and messed up the golf course, so to speak. I
understand why that happened. We don't need to rehash all that. My
concern is when I read that the current budget is not adequate to award the
construction contract. I guess I'm concerned about once we get those
permits, what are we going to do? Are we planning on upping the budget?
What are we thinking about?

Mr. Keene: We have two issues. Even if we had the permits right now, the
bids that we've received, which just came in last week, are significantly
above the estimate that we have. That's one problem, in how we value
engineer and negotiate a better contract and how long that holds for. Your
question, I heard, could be what happens if we're not in a position to be able
to move in a timely enough fashion, and what happens to the future costs of
the golf course.
                                                                       Page 54 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
