                          TRANSCRIPT

transported in a very different way. They'll either be in cars that drive
themselves. They'll be in, I would guess rail if it was far more extensive
than it currently is. There are going to be so many changes in the next 30
years. If you look back on some of the other tax measure that have passed,
starting back in '96 with Measure B and so forth, huge changes have taken
place. As we look at this, even now I think we have to think ahead and
discern which of these may change very dramatically over the next few
years. In the meantime, I do think this is a good starting point. A lot of
work has been done on this. A number of us have been involved in this from
the policy angle. Thank you, Cory, for filling in for me from time to time.
My last comment would be to remember this money will be controlled by
VTA, and it'll be important for us to keep an eye on how it is spent and to
continue to lobby VTA and to hopefully sometime within the next few years
to have somebody from Palo Alto back on VTA. That's my comment, and I'll
be supporting the motion, of course.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'm going to support this. I'm not sure if
we need to add any amendments to it. I do want to share a couple of
comments. If Staff or my colleagues think they're worth incorporating into
the motion with amendments, please speak up. I just want to first say again
thank you to Carl from the Leadership Group, also representatives from
other cities, Council Member McAlister, and Mayor Chang as well as others
who have spoken from Palo Alto and neighboring cities, who have come to
express their opinions. A couple of things I'd like to emphasize. One, as
one member of the public pointed out, Mr. Boone, our four priorities that
we've identified and stuck to don't highlight expressways. There are some
expenditures around expressways that I think are important even in Palo
Alto. Those have to do with safety. For instance, Page Mill Road and 280.
We've known for a long that it's a safety issue. We have had tragic
reminders of that recently. I think that safety improvements especially to
provide for bicycle and pedestrian safety near expressways and at
expressways or on expressways is really important. I'm not going to
advocate for eliminating the expressways category. I do think that having
flexibility around how that expressway money is spent is important. We
should focus on what are the problems with our expressways. Safety and
congestion. On the congestion side, this one of the reasons I'm supportive
of the motion, I think we're heading in the right direction. If we're trying to
solve the issue of congestion on our expressways, the way to do it is going
back to our four priorities. I hope that we'll continually refer back to those.
It's through transportation demand management. For instance, working
                                                                         Page 83 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
