                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mollica: I believe so. We offer free spaying and neutering. You offer
low cost. That's a little bit of a difference. I think there's a slight difference
on the adoption fees for cats and dogs and such, but we're in the ballpark.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Finally, on your capital program for the Redwood
Facility, can you share with us a little bit about how that occurred? Was that
a public-private partnership or all private or all public?

Mr. Mollica: All private fundraising. I wasn't around when the fundraising
was done, but the Board made the commitment to refurbish the facility and
to do it through private-sector fundraising. For the most part, we did.
There was a small amount that had to be taken out as a bank loan. The
majority of the $6 million was private-sector fundraising.

Mayor Burt: Approximately how long did it take to raise those funds?

Mr. Mollica: About three years.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Sorry to get you back to the mike, if you don't mind.
I'm intrigued by your no-kill philosophy. Obviously it's your policy. You did
indicate some of the animals stayed with you for up to a year.

Mr. Mollica: Many years, yes.

Council Member Kniss: Many years?

Mr. Mollica: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Could you give us sort of a picture of where they are
during that period of time?

Mr. Mollica: Have you been to our facility?

Council Member Kniss: No. I wish I had.

Mr. Mollica: You're all invited to visit our facility in Redwood City. I came
from an open-access facility in Delaware that was very similar to the facility
you have in Palo Alto. The facility we have in Redwood City is on the
opposite end of the spectrum. I don't mean to be critical of Palo Alto. We
have a beautiful facility, and the animals are—I will say if you're going to be
in a shelter, we're the kind of shelter you want to be in. We have lots of TLC
in addition to the basic care through our volunteer force. The dogs are
walked twice, sometimes three or four times a day. They're taken out on
field trips.
                                                                          Page 47 of 121
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 09/06/16
