                           TRANSCRIPT
three year contract that was put before, but that we add annual review and
optional extension and amendment clause subject to Council review and
approval pending.     This next section really is us evaluating the best
management practices for urban forest care and quantifying the things that
actually are very quantifiable now, the benefits of our urban forest for Palo
Alto. Using those as the basis for how we do our contracting. Part of what I
started seeing was—reading the State urban forest and in conversation with
Canopy, I started seeing is the urban forest really that much different than
my own home property and my trees. I don't have the same people prune
my very large trees as prune my small trees. They get very different care,
different kinds of special treatment. That's kind of what has also led me to
this. I'll give you a minute to read this. Some of it is just indicating what
the obvious things are in terms of advantages of an urban forest.

Mayor Burt: You had a second. Is that correct?

Council Member Holman: No. I just shut up.

Mayor Burt: You spoke to your Motion before the second.              It's been
seconded. Why don't we take a moment to read it?

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute
a three-year contract with West Coast Arborists Inc. in an amount not to
exceed $3,680,960 for tree pruning and removal services on a ten-year
maintenance cycle with the following amendments:

A.        The contract shall include an annual review and optional
          extension/amendment clause subject to Council review and approval
          pending:

     i.        Design of a tree management plan befitting a 29-year Tree City
               USA designation that addresses the recommendations from the
               State Urban Forester and relevant others including but not
               limited to:

               a.   Greenhouse gas reduction benefits of a healthy and well-
                    maintained urban forest including reduced carbon dioxide,
                    lowered energy use, reduced heat island effect; and

               b.   Safety, especially during times of drought and potential
                    resultant limb loss; and

               c.   Storm water interception, habitat retention and creation;
                    and
                                                                        Page 75 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
