                         TRANSCRIPT
troubled the City would consider a project that is under-parked. It is
upsetting to require residents to accommodate commercial parking in the
neighborhoods while approving under-parked projects. The idea of reducing
parking on a public street for a loading zone is particularly objectionable.
The Architectural Review Board (ARB) noted this project was not consistent
with other developments in the area, nor does it promote a desired
pedestrian design conducive to a retail area. Surely the City should demand
a much more compatible, attractive, forward-thinking, pedestrian and bike-
friendly project than the proposal before you tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Doria Summa. Welcome.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council Members. Jeff
Levinsky and I sent you a detailed email with our comments on this project,
so I'll be brief this evening. The project before you does not meet all the
Municipal Code requirements for an off-street loading area. Consequently, it
doesn't meet its parking requirements either. It also would use public
streets for private use, make traffic worse and retail worse through extra
office space, not conform to its FAR limitations and is overly massive for its
site as ARB Member Lew articulated. I ask that tonight you improve the
project by adjusting it to conform with the Municipal Code and the policies of
the Council and that you do not grant the CUP for extra office space. I just
wanted to mention that the findings for CUPs say they will not be
detrimental or injurious to the property, but goes on to say "or
improvements in the vicinity and will not be detrimental to the public health,
safety general welfare or convenience." I did want to mention that the
Stanford Imaging Lab that is adjacent to this property on Sherman has for
many years already had to use valet parking because there's such a paucity
of available parking in the area. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Are we ready or still need more time? Our next
speaker is Bob Moss, to be followed by Herb Borock.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Speaking as one
of the people who created the CN zone, this project violates all the basic
principles that we intended for that zone. It's supposed to be a low-density
retail serving the local community, not office space. Our intent was to
minimize if not eliminate office space.          Unfortunately, the Council
compromised when the CN zone was actually adopted and does allow some
office space in the CN zone. This project proposes more office space than
retail. That is inappropriate. Furthermore, it worsens the job/housing
imbalance.     It's going to bring more traffic into the most congested
intersection in the City. The design is not particularly consistent with what
we'd like to see along El Camino. Landscaping seems to be missing

                                                                       Page 36 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
