                          TRANSCRIPT
Special Orders of the Day

2.    Proclamation of the City Council Honoring Kathy Durham.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Proclamation of the City Council honoring
the service of Kathy Durham. I would like to have the honor of reading this.
This goes back because I've known Kathy a long while from first working in
neighborhood groups together. While she at the same time was leading
College Terrace neighborhood group, she was a leader in founding this entire
initiative that we have in our City. In addition to the "whereas" in our
Proclamations, I want to add that Kathy just recently received the Bicycle
Agency Staff Person of the Year at the national bike summit. This is a really
prestigious award given to one person. That's how highly regarded Kathy is
in the field. Mayor Burt read the Proclamation into the record. Please vote
on the board. This better be unanimous. That passes unanimously. After
you share with us your words, I will come down and present your
Proclamation.

Kathy Durham: We have also—we can show and tell—the award. Thank
you. I really find it hard to express how much I appreciate having had the
opportunity to work with so of many of you and with hundreds of folks from
the School District and our local PTAs. It really has been a partnership with
everyone contributing, listening to each other, most of the time, or learning
from each other. In terms of how much farther we can go, I just want to
say there's two things, I think, that are important. One is that making our
streets safer for people ages 8-80 helps not just the bicyclists and the
pedestrians on their way to school, it helps make our streets better for
everyone including drivers. Finding those barriers that are preventing some
families from allowing their kids to walk or bike to school even in high school
and finding ways to fix them, innovative ways to fix them, is a key
challenge. I think that's one that this community can contribute to in the
same way as the culture changes that you were talking about. In fact, it's
been over the last 27 years improvements on streets, improvements in
school circulation, better bike parking, the expansion of our adult crossing
guard program and many other things that have reduced barriers for many
of our students. We have new people coming into our town who have never
perhaps bicycled before. It's a continual process; it isn't a one and done.
You have to keep on going. The second thing is that we pioneered the "no
guilt" approach to encouraging alternatives, which is that not everyone is
able to walk and bike everywhere especially to school when you're younger,
but more of us can go more places more often without getting into a single-
family car. Thank you very much.



                                                                        Page 14 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
