                          TRANSCRIPT
foot dedication of a new sidewalk along Maybell that will connect Clemo with
the Arastradero Park Apartments sidewalk. The 10 feet will likely be divided
between a five foot planter strip and a five foot sidewalk. Right now, there's
no existing sidewalk in that stretch. This is about 330 feet of Maybell
Avenue. There's a lot more work to be done to make a better pedestrian
access to Maybell Avenue. There's a lot more work that's going to happen
with the bike boulevard really coming into shape. We know that's going to
be a very important aspect, to separate the pedestrians from the cyclists, so
many kids on that street. Another feature that we like to highlight is a
reduction in curb cuts. Right now there are four curb cuts for the four
existing homes on Maybell. We've created a three-curb-cut idea where four
of the homes use two wishbone driveways, and then one of them does
separately. Less curb cuts, less confusion, less points of access where cars
might be backing out of a driveway. Another thing that we feel makes this
site plan really unique is the engagement with the community. Again, we've
worked very closely with them. It seemed that the further we got to know
them, the more that we could make this feasible and have it work out.
We're very excited about the fact that they're all here tonight to support
what we've put forth in our plan. It's not cookie cutter. It takes some
sacrifices and some compromise as well. The lot dimensions are in R-1. A
couple of lot sizes are smaller. If you look at the stretch between Maybell
and Arastradero, there are a number of homes, single-family, that are less
than 6,000 square feet. Two of our 16 would have that kind of format. The
Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND) did find that acceptable. There was a
discussion about a ped path at PTC. There's a safety aspect to why that
wasn't really seen as beneficial. I do know that it does curtail some distance
for pedestrians to get to El Camino, but I don't think it was that great of a
difference. It would really only have benefit to eight of the homes. On top
of that, there's some privacy aspects that we preferred that the ped path not
be there. The other special request here is to pay an in-lieu fee to the City
of Palo Alto's housing fund. At this density, two units is a significant
contribution for a for-profit developer to commit to a BMR program. The
feeling is that a lot more good can be done and utility from the in-lieu fees,
which are estimated at approximately $4.7 million. If we're creating BMR
units at about $500,000 a door, that's a couple times greater than two units.
If those funds were combined into a greater project, that could be many
multiples more. It's really hard to understand or predict what the outcome
of those in-lieu fees might be. In closing, I do want to give a moment of my
time to Leigh Prince, who's our land use attorney, to address something that
came up in the Staff dialog. We really thank you, and again we thank the
community for coming out and supporting us. They were here for PTC, and
looks like they're here for City Council. I'd like to thank Staff, because we've
gotten to know each other very well over the last two years. We feel like

                                                                         Page 83 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
