                          TRANSCRIPT
meantime shouldn't people be able to walk and see what's there and have
their own dreams of how that space could be used? I think it's—to say wait
two years and we'll figure out what to do. Just a question of whether among
the draft criteria ought to be something about accessibility.

Ms. Schmid: The way we handled that—you bring up a question that'd be
interesting to hear what other Council Members think. Accessibility is in the
principles. The way it would be addressed in the criteria is in that first
criteria on filling gaps. If there is a gap in accessibility that a project or a
program would fill, then you would rate that highly using that criterion.

Council Member Schmid: That seems much more specific for a particular
program that's missing as opposed to no one's using this, why not.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. First off, I want to thank Staff
because this is such a good, thorough, clear Staff Report. It's really is
exemplary. Thank you very much for that; it's much, much appreciated. I
did have some comments. I'll keep them pretty brief. One is in response to
PARC's Chair. Not only a usable document should the Master Plan be, but an
actionable document. I actually am intrigued by the thought of closing
Arastradero Road to cars on the weekends. Sounds reasonable. Also the
trees planted along the road is—Staff, it'd be good to come back on that. To
follow-up on Council Member DuBois' comments a little bit on schools. I
noted, for instance, where there's the map for Greer Park. It shows the
school adjacent to it, but then it doesn't talk about what the impacts and
benefits are of having schools adjacent to or near to parks. Shared field
space, but also the impacts. How much more use does the park get because
of that adjacency? Since we're on maps, I also note the next map in the
Report is—in Attachment A—Foothill Park. It uses the same essential park
activities as does the Greer Park, an urban park. For instance, it uses play
for children, throw a ball, exercise and fitness, gathering, relaxing and enjoy
outdoors. Not all of those would necessarily be the case. You're looking for
different kinds of uses in an open space park than you would in an urban
park. I bring that up too because one of the—I can't remember if it was a
criteria or what it was. Off-leash and on-leash dog, you wouldn't want our
preserves which basically is what Arastradero, Baylands and Foothills Park,
you wouldn't want off-leash dogs in any of those areas. Are you going to
separate in some manner the differences or separate by study and analysis
and a plan for our open spaces versus our urban parks?

Ms. Schmid: They're also classified differently. The responses are definitely
going to be quite different. We had some policy discussion with kind of

                                                                        Page 104 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
