                          TRANSCRIPT
surrounding residential uses is to have a project that's entirely residential. I
would suggest, in addition to the Code, that a project that's 100 percent
residential at 999 Alma or 100 Addison, which also has the address 1015
Alma, that a 100 percent residential project that complies with the existing
zone district should be exempt from the retail requirement. The suggestions
that the Mayor made for certain kinds of office uses, I disagree with.
They're going to be impacting the neighborhood and the transportation and
the parking just as other office uses. I wouldn't make a distinction of one
office use versus another. In regard to the property that complains it should
be exempt because there was a former illegal use, I'm disappointed that
Mr. Levinsky showed us that it was a legal use, because a new property
owner gets all the rights and also the obligations that go with the land. It
seems if a property had been violating the Zoning Code for a period of time,
that owner is obligated to pay fines on a daily basis for that continued
violation. I think it would be worthwhile and would set a good example to
go back and count up all those days and fine the existing property owner for
the use that he says had been illegal. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Boyd Smith, to be followed by
Heather Young. Welcome.

Boyd Smith: I handed out some material. Do you have these pictures in
front of you? These photographs show the inside of this building. That's it.
Thanks. I'm at 301 Coleridge Avenue in Palo Alto, and I'm the owner of this
building at 425 Portage.      The building was constructed in 1951 as a
warehouse building, and it's been that since that time. There are only nine
parking spaces associated with this, because it was warehouse. A retail
building of that size would require 34, so we're not even one-third there.
Prior to moving into the building in 2011, Pet Food Depot closed their retail
operations on El Camino and opened a store in Redwood City. They were
given permission by the landowner at that time—not me, someone else—to
open an existing warehouse at 425 Portage, the property we're talking
about. It was clearly understood in a meeting with Amy French and Russ
Reich at the time that Pet Food Depot would expand the warehouse
component of their business at 425 Portage and no change in use from
warehouse would occur; therefore, an application was not filed by the City.
In other words, they were permitted to move in there because it was a
warehouse. Our leases, which are attached to there, indicate that it's to be
used only for a warehouse. There's no retail component listed in the lease.
It was never built as retail. There's no central HVAC. There's no insulation.
It's rough concrete floors. There's no customer restrooms. It was never
intended to be leased as retail. If the City had intended that the space be
converted from warehouse to retail in 2011, they would have required
restrooms, Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) improvement, and none
                                                                        Page 61 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
