                         TRANSCRIPT
those who are compatriots of me basically of the four cities that I
mentioned. The other thing, this is my final time. I'm president (inaudible)
working as president (inaudible) and working as president—I'm also
President Donna J. (inaudible). Whenever people you're going to call me.
Whoever says Tesfamichael as a name be said for the name Tesfamichael
Zeru Ugbe, if anybody says Tesfamichael I have taken a (inaudible).

Vice Mayor Scharff:     Thank you.      Iris Korol to be followed by Ken
Cunningham.

Iris Korol: Hi. I'm Iris Korol, and I'm representing 2016 Citizens Police
Academy of Palo Alto. Some of my fellow classmates are here with me and
Zach Perron, who led our charge. We'd like to read a letter to you that was
signed by all 21 of us. Dear Palo Alto City Council Members, we the 2016
Class of the Palo Alto Citizens Police Academy would like to acknowledge the
hard work and caring of Lieutenant Zach Perron in planning and leading the
Citizens Academy.      He and his colleagues—each week he brought in
presenters from various areas of the Police Department—were outstanding.
Each and every presenter was well prepared, providing interesting
information and offering interactive experiences for our group to participate
in. The sessions were varied, including three hours of class time as well as
offsite activities. We each spent time in the dispatch center and also on a
patrol ride-along. The Academy gave us the opportunity to interact with
PAPD officers and to see how they do their job as well as to see them as real
people. It also provided the officers the opportunity to see and know
members of their Palo Alto community. We applaud and appreciate the
professionalism of the Palo Alto Police Department (PAPD) and its officers
and thank Chief Burns and the leadership of the Department for making this
program available to the Palo Alto community. It was a fabulous experience.
Zach, we would like to give this to you.

Lt. Zach Perron, Palo Alto Police Department: We'll be recruiting for the
next class starting in the next few weeks, if anyone's interested, starting in
January of 2017. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much. The next speaker is Ken Cunningham,
to be followed by Lynn Krug.

Ken Cunningham: Good evening. My name is Ken Cunningham. I'm an AC
Officer with the City of Palo Alto. I've worked for two large animal shelters
and been in public service for over 20 years. Approximately four years ago
when the City took the first shot at Animal Services, the agency survived the
attack but came away gravely wounded. After losing the City of Mountain
View through no fault of their own, the City descended on the little shelter

                                                                          Page 3 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
