                         TRANSCRIPT
other ones. If the Council's in agreement that there's a reason—if there isn't
a reason why four properties on a block is unique or special in its own right,
then we should come back. We could easily do that as part of our annual
Code effort that we've initiated. If we go back to the January Staff Report,
our perspective is that this proposed variance again isn't necessarily
detrimental to the neighborhood. It really was a question of process. It's
been framed for the Council to support the variance and have the project
move forward. We could add this to our list that we're going to come back
to the Council and talk about as far as prioritizing an amendment.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do think you raise a really good point. I think this is
something we need to think about. I can't see in any way how this is
detrimental to the neighborhood. This is my neighborhood, where I live. I
can't imagine it being detrimental to the neighborhood in any way. It's hard
to imagine at all how having the setbacks vary so widely depending on which
houses on the block, which house develops in order, any of that, how this
has any sort of sense of what we're really trying to do. I assume it was
originally intended to maintain an average setback as opposed to pulling the
setback further and further back and then possibly jumping it forward if one
house developed differently than the others. I didn't see a single person
write us an email saying stop this project. I didn't see a single person
opposed to it. I was just going to ask if you've had any opposition at all to
this?

Mr. Lait: No. We haven't had any correspondence.

Vice Mayor Scharff: One of the other things I wanted to comment on. I
think our job as City Council Members is to be responsive to the public and
to make their lives better. I see how this doesn't hurt any single person in
Palo Alto, but probably dramatically makes the owners' lives better because
they have a bigger backyard, and it's set back from what is really a busy
street. Using the front yard on Churchill is probably not that pleasant with
all the traffic that goes by. I think we should do two things. I think we
should grant the variance, and then we should go ahead and ask Staff to put
this on their annual Code cleanup list and come back to us with this process.
I know you wanted to make a Motion. Do you care if I ...

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll move that we approve the variance for the property
at 224 Churchill Avenue as documented in the attached Record of Land Use
Action, and that we ask Staff to add this to their Code cleanup items, their
annual Code cleanup items.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second that.
                                                                        Page 32 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
