                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Pirnejad: Like I mentioned, the last time these fees were updated was
over a decade ago. What we're trying to do is make sure, when we looked
at the fee study, that we address all the different types of fees. Albeit the
fee schedule that you have before you is probably one of the most
complicated fee schedules that I've seen in my 20 years in government,
because we've tried to be as specific as we can to all the different nuances
and categories of fees, which is part of the reason we've had so many
different categories of these special event fees. Would we charge a fee for
every single thing that's one? No, that wouldn't make sense, because then
the fee would be astronomical. There is a level of judgment. With these
type of fees, they are fixture fees. They are per fixture or per thing that
we're charging. There is some judgment that's going to be had when we're
collecting the fee. Secondly, what we're trying to do is make sure that the
department is cost neutral. Right now, with fire prevention …

Mayor Burt: I think we're completely on board on the cost neutrality
concept. We need to have that balanced against some other issues. I'm not
sure we yet have that balance. Let me turn to Council Member DuBois, see
if you've got a thought on how to proceed.

Council Member DuBois: I just have a question. Maybe we're missing some
information. Is there a threshold of project that requires a permit? To Vice
Mayor Scharff's earlier question about replacing a showerhead, most of this
looks like it's for major remodeling or minor remodeling.

Mr. Pirnejad: Forgive me because I didn't give the entire background.
Maybe it would help to explain that this is going to be a two-part process.
The first part, we're looking at non-valuation-based fees. These fees are
based on fixtures. The next phase is going to be looking at valuation-based
fees, which look at an entire structure and say the cost to build this
structure would be X, and the building permit would be based on that
number. These fees are a bit more …

Council Member DuBois: For an existing structure …

Mr. Pirnejad: … intricate. They don't address every situation because
there's the valuation-based fees, which is 80 percent of our revenues. This
is only 20 percent, so it's a very small piece of our total revenues.

Council Member DuBois: Is there a threshold of what defines a project that
requires a permit?

Mr. Pirnejad: Absolutely, yes. The ICC definition. We can have our Chief
Building Official explain.

                                                                        Page 92 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
