                          TRANSCRIPT
flexibility and overall well-being. There are a number of people who take
classes at Lucie Stern. The Avenidas walkers meet regularly at different
parks and trails in Palo Alto for hikes and walks. They've told me that they
feel lucky to have nearby open spaces and parks for us to enjoy. One senior
even said she appreciates being able to "peacefully relate to the natural
world and find mental and emotional rest." Seniors also regularly participate
in lifelong learning activities such art classes at both Avenidas and the Palo
Alto Art Center as well as music classes at Lucie Stern. These types of
activities satisfy the need for both creative expression and for engaging the
brain in novel ways. While we cannot deny both the physical and cognitive
benefits of the programs, the most important benefit may be the social one.
Seniors choose to take classes and join hiking groups over solo activities
because of the social aspect. Studies have shown that seniors who regularly
socialize with others are less likely to become depressed, and stress and
isolation are correlated with overall poor health. Working out in a gym just
doesn't have the same benefit as taking an exercise class. The importance
of open spaces and senior-specific recreational programs for the growing
aging population cannot be overstated. In fact, more often than not what
we hear from the seniors is there is not enough. As you know, Avenidas is
bursting at the seams and has embarked on a plan to remodel and expand
our current building. It will still not be enough. Seniors who live in the
southern part of the City have very limited options in terms of accessible
programs. They are very much in need of local class offerings as well as a
place to meet and socialize. While some are able to get to Lucie Stern or
Avenidas, for many this is challenging at best. Of course, transportation is a
major concern, but health issues also prevent seniors from getting across
town. Seniors are very vocal about their needs, what kinds of programs
they like, and where those programs need to be. We appreciate the
opportunity to be a part of this planning process, to speak on their behalf,
and have already attended a number of the meetings. We look forward to
continuing to be a part of this process as the plan is developed. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return to the Council for—this is a Study
Session—questions and comments. Council Member DuBois, were you first?

Council Member DuBois: This is a great Report. Thank you for a good
summary and all the hard work. I really like the MIG process. I actually
sent an email to Hillary about the way the prioritization survey piece worked.
I think we could use that in our Comprehensive (Comp.) Plan. I did take the
priority survey. My priorities came down to acquisition of additional space,
distributing services across the City, and enhancing our community centers.
I don't know if it's called out specifically or will be in the plan, but I think
there's a big planning role for Cubberley, if we create a new community
center. I'd love to see kind of a wish list of needs for that new building. On
                                                                         Page 99 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
