                          TRANSCRIPT
crosswalk just to the east of the Paly/Town and Country driveway. Both of
those signals were connected to one signal cabinet, which now allows them
to operate as one signal. I have a video, if we have time later, that will
actually show you how that works on the ground during the lunch rush at
Paly. That allows for those signals to be better coordinated and for the
movements, when the driveway is moving, for the signal at the pedestrian
crosswalk to work in coordination with that. We've also done a little bit of
follow-up on Phase 1. This really wasn't part of a project. This was just
ongoing kind of work orders and Staff work that we complete on a regular
basis all around the City. We did continue to focus on this corridor because
there was recurring congestion that we were noticing. Some of those
elements that were able to follow up on since the completion of Phase 1
back in August. During the data collection for this particular phase that
we're talking about tonight, we noticed that westbound traffic was being
severely delayed by folks exiting the Trader Joe's driveway, and they were
taking over the right curb-lane and not yielding to folks that were coming
from the underpass in that right curb-lane. We went and added some new
white striping and some raised traffic buttons. We basically realigned the
Trader Joe's driveway to be more of a 60-degree angle intersecting that
right-hand curb-lane. Observations show that people now seem to be
yielding a little bit more consistently when they exit the Trader Joe's
driveway. We also recently implemented completely new signal timing
during the morning and afternoon peak along Embarcadero Road from St.
Francis to the Bryant Street signal. You may notice there's a lot more logical
progression when you're leaving the City in the afternoon and coming into
the City in the morning. The next phase of that coordination plan is we're
currently in the middle of adding a wireless communications device to the
signal at the Paly and Town and Country driveway. That will communicate
using cell technology to the Bryant Street signal. That will link the Town and
Country traffic signal to our master traffic control system. That's currently
the only signal in the City operated by the City of Palo Alto that's not linked
into our master traffic control center. After that's completed, we'll be able to
get the timing plan from Caltrans for the signal at El Camino Real, and we'll
be able to build our coordination plan on Embarcadero off of the Caltrans
signal. That's not currently happening. You'll notice one of the biggest
issues out there today is the El Camino signal is not in coordination with the
Town and Country/Paly signal or the crosswalk. You'll get a green at Town
and Country, and then you'll be stopped immediately at El Camino. We can't
completely eliminate that, but we can make it a little bit better by syncing
with the Caltrans clock.

Mayor Burt: When would that occur?


                                                                         Page 57 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
