                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor. I was going to ask about some of the things that were raised by
members of the public, particularly those by former School Board Member
Reklis. On bathrooms near the playing fields, to start with that one. I did
see that in—that was mentioned actually in our presentation on Slide 13 as a
planned capital improvement for Fiscal Year 2017. I'm sorry; I should
remember that because I was on Finance. Just want to be really clear. Is
that already moving forward? Do we have the money and the plans to do
that? Is there anything that we need to do to move that forward or is that
already on the way?

Mr. de Geus: It's funded in the Fiscal '17 Capital Budget. I think at some
point—we're not at that point where we've got a design and a contract, but
that will come to Council for approval sometime this year.

Council Member Wolbach: We've got the money, but we will still need to
sign off on that. I appreciate Diane Reklis for making sure we're paying
attention to that one. I appreciate Staff for including it in the presentation,
so we could keep an eye on that one. Also, I'll kind of second in a way what
she was mentioning as well about not having a lot of new permanent
structure until we do have a better plan. I do think that we can step up a
little bit more as far as how the City works with the School District to start
really moving things forward with the planning. I don't want to say I'm
frustrated with the progress we've made so far. I know that there's a lot on
Staff's plate and a lot on the School Board's plate. I do want to make sure
that we are moving forward with the long-term planning as well and that
that doesn't fall by the wayside. One of the key questions that was raised
by the Staff Report, one of the key things we'll have to consider tonight is
this—Council Member Filseth pointed it out earlier. Staff used the word in
the Staff Report, if I remember correctly, that it is really a policy question of
whether we want to support the negotiated rate of $1 per square foot per
month for Avenidas. Right now, we help them by providing essentially no
rent. $1 would be more than they'd originally hoped, but less than what
other nonprofits at the site would be paying considering what they're used to
paying in rent and how integral they are to the community, the origin of
Avenidas as something sponsored by the City. I think I'm going to be
comfortable with the $1 per square foot per month rate. I'm happy to hear
from my colleagues if they have any objections. I'm currently leaning
towards supporting that when it does come time for motions. On the
flexibility of what kinds of things can go in which buildings, I like where Staff
is going with this. I like the idea of creating neighborhoods of different—if I
understood correctly, it's basically trying to create proximity of like and
compatible uses near each other within the larger site. Of course, we want
to make sure there's compatibility across the entire site. Within that, trying
to group them in ways that make sense and working with them to try and
                                                                         Page 24 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
