                          TRANSCRIPT
or four years. We haven't added 1 square foot to the fifth floor. The
forecast of job growth is not solely related to new development space. It's
also related to the amount of existing nonresidential space we have in town
and this opportunity that people have in thriving economic times to increase
employment densities and add people. That's what we've tried to explain. I
apologize if it didn't get to some of you in a timely way. We really think
there is no need to change the scenarios at this late date. Of course, if
that's your direction, we will do it, but it will potentially have consequences
on cost and schedule.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I fully appreciate that the objective of Scenarios
5 and 6 was to have equal to each other the lowest possible job growth that
Staff and the consultant told us we could get away with. That was the goal
on the jobs side for five and six. The bare minimum possible. We want to
see what does it look like, how do we constrain job growth as much as
possible. Five had less housing growth than six, but both aimed at the bare
bones for job growth. In addition to that, there's the attempt to reduce the
development and the impacts related to development separately from job
growth. That's why we reduced the office square footage growth in these
scenarios. I appreciate the explanation from Staff, both in writing and this
evening. While this Motion was well intentioned, I think it is inappropriate at
this time. Staff and the consultants have been doing what we asked them to
do exactly. I'm not interested in delaying the Comprehensive Plan even
further. I'm not interested in wasting money to delay it further, when this is
exactly what we asked Staff to do.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: The Council asked for a change in the square
footage. I can't imagine any scenario where we would ask for a change in
the square footage without intending a change in jobs. I'm not worried
about the intensity of use in startups or something like that. It's probably
Council's fault that we didn't make that clear. I understand the argument
about the increasing job intensity, but that would apply to both Scenarios 5
and 6. We're really looking for an analysis of the difference between the two
scenarios. We're paying a lot of money for this analysis; let's get what we
want. Not getting what we want is the waste. I think we should make this
change.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:       Appreciate the response from the Planning
Director and Staff. As the author of that amendment, it's a little frustrating
                                                                      Page 109 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
