                           TRANSCRIPT
you'd guess. It went up by 20 percent. The reason is very simple;
pedestrians and cars weren't fighting each other anymore. You have clear
times when the cars have right-of-way. The rest of the time it's all
pedestrian, and only certain routes through are now actually available to
cars. The cross-town traffic, which is what's really slowing Manhattan,
actually sped up. If you do it right, this can be a win for everybody. This
isn't pedestrians versus cars. This is just good design. Again, I caveat that
I have no idea what the right answer is for Palo Alto, but if you sort of
played with it and said, "Let's make it a nice tree-shaded lane, we build
some cross-cutting streets, we build a circular flow, we add a bike lane
through, can we do something like this?" I'm just using Downtown as an
example. Obviously, you could do this Midtown, you could do this California
Avenue. Lots of choices here of things that cities have done that work very,
very well. We don't have a river through town. A lot of cities have done this
around a river. That's a kind of natural place to make a nice walking area,
but we could do something like this. Again, I'm talking about the near-end
solution, within the short range around Downtown.               I mentioned our
experiments at Stanford with two-wheelers. This chart is a little bit hard to
see because it's very small up there. What this data shows is how long does
it take you to commute by different modes. If you look at the lines up
there, the fastest line, the bottom line there, is the car in the idealized car
commercial environment, zero traffic, driving through beautiful scenery. You
can see here it takes you about ten minutes to go three miles, takes you
only 15 minutes to go 10 miles in that idealized world. However, if you take
the real car, it actually takes you 30 minutes to go that 10 miles because of
congestion, traffic lights, all the things that we really know. If you look at
the regular bike, a bike's competitive for a couple of miles out. Typically,
people take it two or three miles, and people aren't willing to ride a bike
more than half an hour roughly. That's what the consumer research shows.
That's the top line there. To go 10 miles by bike is a 60-minute trip. If
you're in spandex, that works. If you're going to work or you're going
shopping, typically that's beyond what you want to do, arriving sweaty in
your work clothes. Take these two-wheelers, we tried this out with the
commuting population at Stanford that was coming from Menlo Park, Palo
Alto, Redwood City, cities that are within a few miles of Stanford. You can
see the actual electric two-wheeler commute time is very similar to the real
car time. In fact, it beats the car up until seven or eight miles out because
you can go directly to the building. You don't have to worry about parking.
If it's a scooter, you fold it up and take it into the building. If it's a bike you
park right outside. At kind of 10 miles out, the car starts to have a slight
edge. If we think about a bike network for—Palo Alto isn't that big; it's only
a couple of miles across. We can get across town, we can get from
residential areas to the Stanford Research Park, we could get Downtown
very easily with this mode. These are now becoming very inexpensive. You
                                                                           Page 21 of 113
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/25/16
