                          TRANSCRIPT
possible and allows us to adjust and learn rather than to study it and not get
anything in place for a while.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I agree with my colleagues. We do have an
approved Citywide RPP program. We've invited people to participate in it. I
think we need to move ahead with the applications we have. We need to
give Staff the resources they need to process the applications. I think we
need to have them be ready for an overflow parking that might take place.
Ventura Neighborhood and across the tracks are natural places where this
will show up again. I think the Council needs to think strategically about the
questions that they need to grapple with. What does retail health mean?
How much commercial growth do we want. New garages are necessary.
Effective TDM programs. We need to talk with Palo Alto School District
about transportation.       Ultimately, who pays, who subsidizes all these
changes? Finally, how do we put this into what we want our City to look like
and be? Through influencing, retailing, commercial growth, neighborhoods'
quality of life, we will be creating the City of the future. We need to put our
attention on that.

Mayor Burt: I'll lend my support for a number of the comments. First both
of these neighborhoods need RPP program relief. I think that Southgate will
actually be the easier one to solve because it actually is the place where we
can drive what is essentially a simple Transportation Demand Management
program, and that is kids at Paly should ride their bike to school and not
drive to school. It's not real complicated except that we're going to have
spillover. Those who say, "I don't want spillover, and I don't want impacts
on retail, and I don't want this, and I don't want that," I want things to fall
from the sky too. In reality, we're going to have spillover. The next
spillover will be into Old Palo Alto from both the Cal. Ave. area. As we've
heard from Evergreen folks, there are people who ride Caltrain, either take it
to the airport, park in the neighborhood for days or on a daily basis. They're
not going to be allowed to park certainly not in the numbers they have in
Evergreen. Some will choose to go over on the other of the tracks in Old
Palo Alto. I also suspect we're going to have Paly kids parking on the other
side of the tracks, for both entrances, near Churchill and near Embarcadero.
We're going to have that spillover. I think we need to be objective about it.
That'll be the next impacts. We don't know exactly how much; that's part of
the reality and what we had in the Downtown. We can't predict exactly
who's going to do what. We might have a sense of it based on patterns, but
we're going to see what happens. I do want to address a few of the
comments on this shared permit. I sublet an office on Cal. Ave. I've had a
permit for years, but I only use it once every couple of weeks, because for
                                                                       Page 100 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
