                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications. For
those members of the public who are not familiar, the Council is not allowed
to comment on items that are not on the Agenda.

Minutes Approval

3.   Approval of Action Minutes for the April 25, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Approval of Minutes from April 25, 2016. Do
we have a Motion to approve?

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to approve the Action Minutes for the April 25, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: Our next item is the Consent Calendar. Go ahead, the Clerk
can announce the vote for the fourth position on the Utilities Advisory
Commission.

[The Council returned to Item 1.]

Mayor Burt: We now have the Consent Calendar, and we have one speaker,
Bob Wenzlau, who would like to speak on Item Number 5. Welcome.

Bob Wenzlau, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Thank you,
Council Members. I'm here as a Board Member of the Neighborhoods
Abroad organization. I'm joined by Barbara and Joe Evans who are the
Presidents of Neighborhoods Abroad. Basically, wanted to speak in support
of an item on the Consent Calendar to share or donate an ambulance to our
Sister City Oaxaca, Mexico. The timing of the donation will coincide with
probably the 30th or 40 years. Everything in Neighborhoods Abroad is 40
years and going. In this case, we're going to be sending a great group of
young students to Oaxaca to learn and practice Spanish and bring back a
group of students from Oaxaca to equally live in our community. One of the
events that we're hoping this will coincide with is an ambulance showing up
from Palo Alto to be celebrated in Oaxaca and basically save lives in Oaxaca.
It's a great story of older equipment that, by State law, is obligated to be
                                                                      Page 12 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
