                         TRANSCRIPT
all levels of affordability. Importantly, all Elements of the Comprehensive
Plan including the Housing Element have to be internally consistent. The
fact that we're updating the rest of the Comprehensive Plan right now
doesn't mean that we can ignore the Housing Element. We really have to
look at the Housing Element and make sure we're not creating any
inconsistencies. Of course, if we decide to amend the Housing Element,
that's something that we have to do in consultation with the State Housing
and Community Development, (HCD). The sites map. I think you're familiar
with the map, the inventory of sites that came out of the Housing Element
update. It's in four principal areas, Downtown, the California Avenue area,
the El Camino Corridor, and then there's San Antonio Road sites. The sites
in south Palo Alto are the ones that we actually included a program in the
Housing Element saying that we would reevaluate these sites and determine
whether they should be eliminated in favor of either increased densities or
new sites closer to transit and services. We'll talk about that in a minute.
The Comp Plan Update can complement and support the Housing Element
Update in a variety of ways. It doesn't necessarily mean that we have to
amend the Housing Element. It's an opportunity to include programs and
policies in the Comp Plan to support the goals and objectives of the Housing
Element. The Comp Plan EIR tests a number of build-out scenarios ranging
from what we call business as usual to this Scenario 5 that the Council has
requested and that we have not yet fully defined. I should say that, when it
comes to housing, these scenarios are really kind of additive. For example,
Scenario 2 adds a concept of small units, accessory dwelling units to the
business as usual scenario. It has the same number of units, but they tend
to be a different size. We've assumed that they would be a different size or
type of unit. Likewise, Scenario 3 adds to that kind of policy around small
units the idea of increased densities at existing sites in exchange for
eliminating the sites in south Palo Alto. As I mentioned, we haven't defined
Scenario 5 yet; we hope to do that with your help in April and May. We
really have to collectively decide how bold we're going to be in terms of the
housing numbers for this scenario you've talked a bit about, that you want
lower job numbers in this scenario, but it would be great to hear this
evening what your thoughts are for the housing side of the equation. Here's
a figure that shows Scenario 2 from the Draft EIR. It's basically showing you
that the sites remain the same, but there's a policy focus on smaller units.
This is Scenario 3. It proposes eliminating the sites on San Antonio Road
and on South El Camino Real and increasing density at other sites in
Downtown and the California Avenue area.           That includes potentially
adjusting some of the nonresidential FAR and trading that out for residential
FAR in Downtown. Scenario 4 adds to that; it has some of the same
changes in unit size and policies around density, but it also suggests that we
could add new sites along El Camino Real, the frontage of the Research Park,
and the frontage of the shopping center, would be new sites in exchange for
                                                                       Page 50 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
