                         TRANSCRIPT
carpooling or transit, they get a prompt that will take them to this trip
planning tool. At this point, they enter their origination, their destination.
They will get results that show them potential carpool partners, their best
transit options, suggested bike routes, and even their walking route to work.
There's also some interesting information in here. It shows their carbon
emissions associated with each alternative. It shows the cost of driving, so
people are reminded that it's not free to drive. The other really interesting
thing about this is if you look, you can see a calendar in the lower left
corner. It allows participants to track their commute use. This has some
really nice applications for programs we want to do. For instance, we'd like
to have a challenge with our employers for Bike to Work Day to see who can
get the highest percentage of employees to participate. This is the kind of
tool that facilitates that. Similarly, if we want to encourage people not to
drive on a Spare the Air day, we can offer a special reward for that, and they
can track it using this tool. This is going to be a really nice tool. Launches
in April.    Another program we're looking at is expanding car share
throughout the Research Park. One of the ways we're doing this is that
anybody who uses a commute option on a regular basis will get a free
registration with Zipcar. We're covering the cost of that. They'll also get
discounted use rates. The point here is that this eliminates one more
obstacle to leaving your car at home. If you've got midday meetings offsite
at work or you need to run some errands, you can easily access one of these
cars for that and still keep your normal commute usage in pattern. We're
also hosting a variety of bicycling events starting in April through May.
These events are coordinated and paid for by Stanford. They're hosted by
our Working Group companies, and they're free to anyone in the Research
Park. We're kicking it off with a how-to repair day. This was a specific
suggestion from our Bicycle Champions. I had all these lined out, and they
said you've got to make sure people know how to fix their own flat tire, so
we added those in on their response. We also have free safe cycling clinics
and free inspection and tune-up days. The idea is to get people to dust off
those bikes, get them fixed up, and feel comfortable riding their bikes. All
leading up to Bike to Work Day so that we have a great turnout for that and
can start to really get that bicycling culture going. We have a variety of
events to keep the interest in commute alternatives high. I mentioned the
Bike to Work Day. We're going to have four energizer stations in the
Research Park where people can pick up refreshments and give-away items
and get some general encouragement and socialize with other bicyclists.
We're going to be actively participating in the Air District's Spare the Air
campaign this summer. Employers were very interested in this, because it's
a strong fit with their sustainability programs. We are going to be having a
$1 Scoop carpool promotion through the month of April. I showed you how
on our trip planner people can see carpool information. That's more of a
traditional carpool of you commute with the same people a couple days a
                                                                        Page 12 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
