                           TRANSCRIPT
what their maximum feasible was in their nexus study. I think your point is
well taken. In many cases, the other jurisdictions have set a fee below
those that you are currently considering. I don't know about the feasibility.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I've got to take a little issue with that. I understand
the point. When you look at their numbers, they are so much lower,
especially on hotels, which is where we're at maximum feasible. Everybody
else is like $10 in Cupertino, $2.50 in Mountain View. I'm going to say that
hotel economics are not that different. I find that hard to believe. Even if I
look at office/R&D and medical, we're proposing $60. Apples in Cupertino.
It's a little hard to believe that their office market isn't really strong. I think
these numbers are low enough. San Francisco is at $16 to $24. I'm just
saying it doesn't seem that we can say, "We don't know what their
maximum feasible." I would guess they're not that far off from us, at least
San Francisco and Cupertino, places like that, to be so much lower. Menlo
Park, our neighbor next door, at $15. I'm a little concerned that when we're
right there at the maximum feasible, we are making things infeasible and we
may not know it. I just wanted to get some comment. I see you're ready to
speak.

Ms. Gitelman: Ms. Graham is here and can perhaps speak to the maximum
feasible in other jurisdictions.

Sarah Graham, Strategic Economics: Sure. Hi. I'm Sarah Graham with
Strategic Economics. I did want to note that for some of these comparable
cities, the studies were actually completed many years ago, and they were
simply updated in 2015. These fees that are in place in some of the
comparable cities do not represent 2015 studies necessarily. The exceptions
that I know of are Redwood City, which we conducted the study for them at
the same time that we conducted it for Palo Alto. The market fundamentals
are actually quite a bit different in San Mateo County and for several of the
cities in San Mateo County. I'm afraid I don't have the study itself at my
fingertips. A fee of $20 per square foot very well may have been the
maximum feasible. It is a different market there, particularly in northern
San Mateo County. I know San Bruno currently is considering fees that are
set closer to that maximum feasible, not at the maximum justified which is a
totally different number, but at the maximum feasible. Menlo Park, those
fees are from a study conducted many years ago. They have not adopted
the updated fees yet on the study. That's still in the future. Somebody else
mentioned that comparing to other cities is not necessarily apples and
apples.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much.


                                                                            Page 48 of 114
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 12/12/16
