                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Minor: My suggestion is to do the Planning Commission on the 27th,
and do the other two Commissions on another night.

Mayor Burt: We'll go ahead on that route so everybody knows that the
Planning Commission will be on the 27th.

Council Member Wolbach: What time are we starting?

Council Member Kniss: Could we start at 6:00 P.M.?

Mayor Burt: Let me just ...

Council Member Kniss: 6:00 P.M. is our starting time, correct?

Ms. Minor: We were going to start at 6:00 P.M.. That's our normal time,
6:00 P.M..

Mayor Burt: We will plan on starting at 6:00 P.M. on the 27th for interviews
of the Planning and Transportation Commission. That's now on my calendar.
Thank you all. That concludes this item.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We
have none that I'm aware of.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We follow onto City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and members of the
Council. Each week we get closer and closer to the October 2nd, 7th Annual
Bike Palo Alto event on Sunday, October 2nd, from 1:00 P.M. to 4:00 P.M.
It will feature something a little bit extra this year. A new bike and roll expo
on the Civic Plaza Downtown at City Hall. The expo will be a highlighted
destination on our Bike Palo Alto's northern route map and will showcase
innovative bicycling and car-free options for residents to get around Palo
Alto. Very appropriate announcement after the long discussion we were just
having about LOS and VMT. All of those numbers will be better if we get on
bicycles.    Come out and test the latest in low carbon transportation
alternatives including cargo bikes, electric assist bikes, scooters, three-wheel
bikes and more. There will be a station where you can trick out your bike
and a parklet for relaxing with music and food from local vendors, turning a
parking space into a little park for the day. The City will also be testing out
parking-protected one-way cycle tracks along Bryant Street between
University and Forest Avenues. Cycle tracks, which are also known as Class
                                                                         Page 46 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
