                          TRANSCRIPT
residents of Palo Alto, your constituents, don't want residential areas to be
turned into parking lots. I worked in San Francisco for a number of years. I
never imagined that the people of San Francisco would provide me with free
or subsidized parking; I took public transport. It can't be done, I've heard
several people say. I think we have great public transport here in Palo Alto.
Crucially, this town is no longer the small town it was where we could let
people park on the streets. We need to face up to the fact that we're a city
and put in place big city solutions, which means big parking lots up by 101,
not parking lots but parking structures, shuttle buses and, yes, a reduction
over time in the number of people who have to park on residential streets.
Thank you very much.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speakers is Tyler Hanley, to be
followed by Susan Nightingale.

Tyler Hanley: Hi. I just wanted to urge wisdom and balance in this issue.
I'm sure everybody's saying the same thing. I really feel like Section Two is
shortsighted. I feel like it's if I went to a doctor with heartburn, they said,
"Let's just cut that heart out of there. You'll be okay." I reckon you'd
probably get your license revoked for that. I think you really should just
take a much more balanced approach and make sure you have a plan for the
employees. You have the power to alleviate the problem for the residents,
but you also have the power to completely destroy the business district of
this town. I hope you just consider that. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Susan nightingale to be followed by
Victor Sanchez.

Susan Nightingale: Susan Nightingale. I grew up in Palo Alto and have
owned and operated Watercourse Way for 36 years. I was a member of the
RPP Stakeholder Group and participated in the TMA Steering Committee.
I've tried to remain open to the needs and desires of the community
members as well as the needs and desires of my employees. In response to
one of the speakers, I do subsidize parking permits in the garage when they
come available. I am looking forward to the TMA and supporting that in the
same way. I think, as Jessica and Sue-Ellen have mentioned, it's always
been a three-legged approach to this issue. I don't know how many of you
were on the Council when they made that original proposal and plan for
parking, but it always included supply. That's something that I haven't
heard mentioned. I think it's a really important part of this. We can
encourage people to use alternate ways to getting to work, but I think we do
also need to encourage building some supply into the picture. I would like
to also thank resident Michael Hodos for his comments. I hope you will


                                                                         Page 20 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
