                           TRANSCRIPT
options. Neither of those could be done today. For the change to the
boundaries, we'd have to bring back a revised Resolution and a boundary
map. For the separate RPP, the individuals involved would have to submit a
petition by the deadline of March 31st to be considered for establishment of
a new RPP District next year.

Council Member DuBois: Excuse me. Have you told the woman that? Does
she show that there's a deadline? I don't know if she's still here; I think she
left.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, we've informed the people that we've talked to about
that. The next question that we heard—it was a comment really—that the
annual reduction in employee permits hadn't been discussed. We don't
remember it that way. The adopted Resolution that's already in effect about
Downtown RPP talks about adjustments happening in Phase Two. It's not
explicit on the number of permits or the reduction, but it says that we have
the ability to make adjustments. This was in the thinking when the original
Resolution was adopted. Also as some of the speakers pointed out and I
think this is an important point, operationally if we're talking about reducing
by 200 after the first year, it's at the end of this Phase Two. We're going to
have an opportunity to evaluate the data and reconsider that strategy if
there's some horrible problem with it and it's just not working. I think that's
an important point. The third issue that was raised was again related to
Zones 9 and 10. Someone suggested that it had been our intention to not
allow any employee parking in these areas. That is not what we understood
the Council's direction to be. There would be a limited number of employee
permits sold for those districts, and that's what's reflected in the Resolution
and the Staff Report. There was a suggestion that somehow the Resolution
didn't adequately prioritize those zones for the reductions when they start to
occur. We think that is addressed in the Resolution. It's not specific about
exactly how that will happen, but it says those outer areas of the district will
be prioritized for reductions. The commenter also said that the idea that we
would not sell daily permits and weekly scratchers to employees in those
Zones 9 and 10 is not adequately addressed in the Resolution. It was our
intention to do that in the Administrative Guidelines. If the Council would
like to put some language in the Resolution about that, we have some
suggested text we could read into the record that we just talked to the City
Attorney about. I'm offering that to you if you'd like to make that change.
The final issue raised was the Addison Elementary School. As Sue-Ellen
mentioned, this request came in late.               We don't really have a
recommendation for you. I think it's a little bit of a slippery slope starting to
make special exceptions for particular uses, particularly because in other
RPP Districts we may find that the source of intrusion into residential
neighborhoods are from schools. I'm a little anxious about at the dais
                                                                          Page 38 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
