                          TRANSCRIPT
the private sector to work together to research, develop, deploy and test
new technologies that can help make cities more inhabitable, cleaner and
more equitable. Today, the kickoff of Smart City Week, the White House
announced an expansion of their support with more than 80 million in new
Federal investments and doubling of the number of participant cities and
communities, now totaling more than 70. These new investments and
collaborations will help cities of all sizes in a number of key areas, including
climate, transportation, public safety and transforming city services. As part
of this effort, Palo Alto has joined more than 20 other cities to launch the
new initiative focused on ensuring responsible and equitable deployment of
Smart City technologies. The effort led by the City of New York looks to
provide a common set of guiding principles and collaboration about how
cities use technologies with consideration of privacy, security, sustainability,
resilience, equity and efficiency.        Earlier this year, we announced a
concerted effort to get out the word about the City's leaf blower Ordinance.
It is often one of the things that we hear complaints about most often from
the community. Since April 1st, we have received more than 200 reports
about leaf blowers, with more than half reported directly to our Police
Department and about 35 coming through Palo Alto 311. There were 172
property owners that were notified and advised of the violations. We issued
6 citations and closed 92 cases. Code Enforcement has devoted more than
250 hours of Staff time to the leaf blower campaign with substantial support
from the Police Department to the program as well. Last week, several City
Staff participated in the (inaudible) conference in Santa Clara that focused
on technologies and systems that accelerate sustainability solutions. Our
goal was to share Palo Alto's innovative programs and to learn about trends,
technologies and best practices to enhance our own work. Topics included
mobility as a service that included the City's partner from the Finland
Ministry of Transportation and Communication as well as Joint Venture
Silicon Valley; a half-day transportation summit; discussion about the utility
of the future; and the next gen building summit also took place. Since
September is National Preparedness Month, Palo Alto Office of Emergency
Services is hosting a personal disaster preparedness and crime prevention
training class tomorrow, September 27th, from 7:00 P.M. to 8:00 P.M. This
will take place at the Mitchell Park Library, Midtown Room. It's free and
everyone is invited. Now, there's a couple of free and fun events this
weekend that I'd like to let you know about. The first one, just a reminder
that this Sunday is the 7th Annual Bike Palo Alto that will start at 1:00 p.m.
at El Carmelo School. The brand new Bike and Roll Expo will be on the Civic
Center Plaza. The Expo will be a highlighted destination on Bike Palo Alto's
northern route map and will showcase innovative bicycling and car-free
options for residents to get around Palo Alto. This should be a really fun
event for the community, and we have more than 40 local vendors of all
kinds of alternative transportation as well as food and music. For more
                                                                          Page 6 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
