                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Thanks for your comments.             Wynn Furth to be
followed by Richard Brand.

Wynn Furth: Good evening and thank you. My name is Wynn Furth. I live
over on the 200 block of Everett Avenue, and I have since 1998 which is the
year that the City adopted the Comprehensive Plan policy that says a vibrant
commercial district should not be at the expense of adjacent neighborhoods.
Except during really bad recessions, it has been. It is so good that you have
taken these steps to begin to address the problem.              It's dramatically
improved the availability of parking before 7:30 a.m. and after 9:00 p.m.
and on weekends. During the regulated hours, not so much. We have two
hang tags for guests. About half the time, we might want to use them.
There is a parking space available on one of the nearest ten block faces.
That's a ways out. My guess is that given the proposal and the reality of a
lot of scratcher tags for commercial use, you could reduce the number of
bumper sticker permits for Area 2 to zero, and we would still be fully
occupied by commercial permit holders. The other day I just walked around
the block to see, and it was 90 percent blue hang tags, in other words
transferrable commercial permits. We hope in our particular neighborhood,
which is a bit special, that you let Staff consider and explore what happens if
you extend the regulated hours to 7:00 p.m. Works around Chez Panisse; I
don't know why it couldn't work around Evvia as well. It favors commercial
parking very close in, but it means that it's still possible for residents to
park. When Richard Wilson came up to speak over at the library about
parking policies, he said something really interesting which is what—when
you're dealing with spillover problems like this, the first thing you do is get a
really effective RPP Program. That's what you need to do to protect your
residents. Thank you for the steps you've taken, and I hope you'll take
some more. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Richard Brand to be followed by Ted
Baer.

Richard Brand: Good evening, Council and Staff. I'm Richard Brand. I live
at 281 Addison, and I am the lone resident RPP stakeholder that made it to
the last meeting. You're right, my colleagues kind of wimped out on me.
Anyway, I do want to thank Staff for meeting first of all the schedule. It was
one of the things—we started this project, the stakeholders, three years ago
and we had a schedule we didn't make, but congratulations. I think that's
very important. Also, I'd like to say that Phase 1 was an experiment. It
didn't really eliminate any—the priorities for the Council and the City to
eliminate nonresident travel and trips. It didn't really eliminate any of the
parkers. They just were redistributed, as you know, and outside the zone.
Early on some of the counts were taken, later on the cars came back. I
                                                                         Page 91 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
