                          TRANSCRIPT
just haven't learned locally which is it's not just about area coverage. All our
metrics today are the percentage of the population that's near transit.
That's an irrelevant metric. What I care about is not about how many
theoretically could use transit; I care about how many do use transit which
is driven not by how close you are to transit but also by the convenience.
This is where some data illustrations are really helpful. If you try to get
from here to San Francisco not by Caltrain but by bus, you're crossing three
county jurisdictions, and you're typically spending 2 1/2 to 3 hours on the
bus. It's an impossible trip. Nobody in their right mind would do that. Most
interestingly, half of that time between here and San Francisco is transfer
waiting time because the schedules aren't synced up between the different
systems. You're literally waiting for the bus, not even on the bus. Our
system is fragmented because we plan it at the city and county level. We
don't interconnect it, and we don't have enough high speed connections.
We're lucky we have Caltrain; that's the one fast connection up and down
the Peninsula but actually not so fast. I'll come back to that in a moment.
The single biggest issue is frequency. The international standard when
you're doing transportation design is actually seven minutes or less between
vehicles. There's a magic effect that happens. You've all taken Caltrain, I
assume, at some point. What do you have to do when you plan to take
Caltrain? You check the schedule. The reason you have to check the
schedule is if you get it wrong, you're waiting at the Caltrain station for as
much as 40 minutes or an hour. You've got to plan ahead. The magic that
happens at seven minutes is you stop checking the schedule. You go, you
show up, you get on the platform, you get on the next vehicle that comes,
you don't have to think about it. I gave the example of the Beijing subway
system has a two minute and two second interval. First of all, anybody
who's planning their vehicle intervals in seconds is running a pretty accurate
system. Also at two minutes, it's like the New York subway. If any of you
have been to New York, you just go down, you show up, you get on and you
never think about it. You don't have to go to two minutes, but seven
minutes is that magic threshold. We're not close to that in our area here.
Actually downtown San Francisco, some areas are. New York City is there.
You can see San Francisco has a lot of four and five minute intervals which
actually works. Caltrain in the best case at peak time has about a 20-
minute interval. That's for the lucky ones of us who live here in Palo Alto;
we have a major baby bullet stop. How do we increase that frequency and
increase the number of vehicles? From a policy point of view, this is really
important because we tend to spend all our money on the infrastructure and
then starve the vehicle and the Operations Budget. That's actually what
drives the convenience and the frequency of the vehicles. If we had to
advocate for one thing for Caltrain to do, it's the number of vehicles that are
going. If you go to the Caltrain depot on any given day, at peak rush hour
you'll see five or six trains sitting idle at the San Francisco Fourth and
                                                                         Page 24 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
