                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: My concern is there are a number of things that
communities do, not just Palo Alto, that really incentivize demolition. I'm
here to say it's not necessarily the most environmentally responsible thing to
do much less the fact that it changes community character potentially,
incrementally and sometimes pretty significantly and rapidly. Palo Alto could
perhaps be a leader on incorporating that, because LEED has certainly
considered adaptive reuse. I don't see any reason why net zero couldn't as
well. I also don't see very much consideration for the significant—trees are
recognized and their broad array of benefits, but I didn't notice a plan to
increase significantly the number of trees that we have in Palo Alto and how
that can help. I'll try to close it up here pretty quickly here. Onsite
composting is one of my things, but I don't expect it to get a huge response.
Some things that do have an impact, that we may or may not want to
discourage, I'm not going to judge that at this point in time. I think not to
calculate their impact is not a direction we want to go. It is head in the
sand, so I'm suggesting that things like basement construction, dewatering,
demolition we may or may not want to regulate those more stringently. I
am saying what we should do is be responsible and responsive in ways that
mitigate or have offsets that cover those impacts at a minimum. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I want to thank Staff for the report, for the
thought that's gone into it. I guess the public input at the Summit, just
tonight shows that people are caring and interested on what is probably the
most important long-term issue that Palo Alto has, how do we deal with this
for ourselves, our grandchildren and for the rest of the people in the Bay
Area and the State. I think it's very important that this connects to our
Comp Plan Update that we are working on very diligently and will reach
fruition during the next year. How can we make the connection? I was
impressed with our friend from Redwood City, who came and said, "Wait a
minute, Palo Alto. You've got to address the regional issue. You're not by
yourself in this. As a matter of fact, your 3:1 imbalance between jobs and
employed residents is astoundingly high." It's 50 percent higher than San
Francisco or Berkeley, three times as high as most of the other cities that we
live next to. What does that mean and how do we deal with the issue? I
guess I do recall the first time you came to us. You had as one of your
options to look at growth, how fast do we grow and what impact that has.
Looking at alternatives seems to have disappeared from the document. You
now accept the numbers that flow out of Plan Bay Area. What we have in
Plan Bay Area and in our scenarios are an increase in jobs between 18 and
30,000, somewhere in there; increase in population of 7.7 and 20.
Obviously our impact on greenhouse gases, on commuting, on traveling, on
the neighboring bedroom communities that have to deal with the problems
                                                                       Page 46 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
