                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I thought I heard you say that.

Council Member Wolbach: No. I said they tried to make it work, and I don't
think it works. They tried really hard to make it work, but I think
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Actually the Staff, the PTC, both supported it. Out of the
community, we certainly have members of the community here tonight who
mostly—I don't know. I'd be interested in hand-raising. My understanding
is the vast majority of those who have been concerned about this are on the
west side of Middlefield rather than in this stretch between Ross and 101.
When we had the broader section of the public, we had about two-thirds
supporting this in concept, but Staff and others, PTC have come back and—I
think it's a valid case that it just doesn't work effectively to try and pursue
the path in between Ross and Alma. I just wanted to make sure that folks
understood that those were the recommendations of Staff and the PTC, to
have D, E and F as part of the recommendation. I'll be voting against the
amendment. We've got to try and speed ourselves on. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I also am going to vote against the Amendment. I
think it's a little—I know it's not meant that way. I think to say how we
would spend the money—if we can't use it on Loma Verde, they're not going
to let us use it on Meadow. I just can't see that. I think basically it's decide
not to do it. It becomes, at that point, a decision whether or not you want
to do that without any cost to the City or whether you don't. I think before
throwing the money away, we should have a Council discussion and say, "Do
we want to do this just on this segment, because frankly it's free or roughly
free or do we want to just say no?" I don't want to make that decision
tonight. I don't want to say—I understand, but I think the notion that we
could use the money somewhere else at that point is just not really true.

Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead and vote on the Amendment. That fails on a 5-
3 vote with Council Members Wolbach, DuBois and Filseth voting yes. Now
we'll return to the Substitute Motion.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-5 DuBois, Filseth, Wolbach yes, Berman absent

Council Member Kniss: Is that to vote?

Mayor Burt: We have—Council Member Holman wants to speak.



                                                                         Page 67 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
