                    ACTION MINUTES
AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT: Council Member Filseth moved,
seconded by Council Member XX to add to the Amendment, “remove from
Finding Number 2(d), ‘and land use designations.’”

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to adopt an Ordinance modifying the Architectural Review
Approval Findings including the following changes:

A.   Replace Finding Number 5 with the April 11, 2016 Council directed
     language for Finding Number 5, “the landscape design compliments
     and enhances the building design and its surroundings, is appropriate
     to the site’s functions, and utilizes, to the extent practical, regional
     indigenous drought-resistant plant material capable of providing
     desirable habitat and that can be appropriately maintained;” and

B.   Remove from Finding Number 2(b), “local;” and

C.   Add to Finding 2(d), “mass” after “transitions in scale.”

AMENDMENT RESTATED:          Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to:

A.   Add to the Motion, “add to Finding 2(c), ‘and in the Downtown
     business district and the California Avenue business district,
     establishes design linkages with surrounding existing buildings so that
     the visual unity of the street is maintained at a minimum by:

     a.    The rhythmic pattern of the street established by the general
           width of the buildings and the spacing between them;

     b.    The sizes, proportions, and orientations of windows, bays, and
           doorways;’” and

B.   Direct Staff to return with proposed boundary definitions for the
     Downtown business district and the California Avenue business district.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to continue the Motion as Amended, the Amendment as Amended,
and this Item to a date uncertain.
                                                                               Page 5 of 7
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                 Action Minutes: 9/12/16
