                          TRANSCRIPT
very imperfect process to handicap four horses. Which horses are they
going to pick first, second, win, place, show?           I talked to a few
Commissioners today, and I don't think anybody has a concept of what
criteria is the Planning Commission going to have due diligence on
handicapping the horses. It's just one more testimony that the process to
take care of neighborhood quality is not perfect. In fact, it's very imperfect.
Council stewardship is needed now. The Planning Commission will submit its
findings to you. I think you need to direct that the Finance Committee also
take a look at how they're going to fund these projects, the permit
programs. The Staff Report is silent about where money would be coming
from, if it exists at all. I'm going to close and remind you that one of the
enormous values of permit parking programs in neighborhood is the catalyst
to fund all the mitigation issues. This is an endless circle loop that we've
been in on how you're going to solve parking and traffic. One way to stop it
is to eliminate the free parking in the neighborhoods.            That'll bring
everybody to the table for Transportation Management Association funding
for free parking studies and all the other litany of things that the Planning
Department has presented as a multipronged approach. The truth of the
matter is none of the multipronged approaches are even funded. They're
pipedreams. How are you going to stop that cycle of (inaudible)? I brought
my can, the kicking can award. I didn't bring it up to the podium this time,
but next time I'll probably have to bring four cans to know which of the four
applications have been kicked down the road or not. In all seriousness, this
is a time to grab the issue. City Staff is floundering on how to solve this
problem. They don't have the resources. It's really follow the money time.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications.

Minutes Approval

3.    Approval of Action Minutes for the April 11, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Approval of Minutes from the April 11th, 2016
meeting. Do we have a motion to approve?

Council Member Schmid: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the Action Minutes for the April 11, 2016 Council
Meeting.


                                                                         Page 30 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
