                           TRANSCRIPT
total building area. The amenity space would be used for onsite amenities
such as a cafeteria that would facilitate reduction in vehicular use. With
cafeterias, with fitness centers, things of that nature, employees are
encouraged to stay onsite. The details of this would be reviewed as part of
the building application. The proposal for parking includes 887 parking
spaces along with 101 bicycle spaces. This would bring the project in
conformance with the current Code requirements. One of the issues that
early on the neighbors brought to our attention was access. The parcel
currently has access from Page Mill Road, and it also has a back driveway
that leads out to California Avenue. Staff and the applicant worked with the
neighbors to close off this rear access. As part of this project, an armgate
would be installed on this rear driveway so that all of the employees and
users of 1050 Page Mill would only be able to access the property from Page
Mill Road. The armgate is in place for the employees that would be at 1117
California Avenue. They still have an easement and still have the right to
gain access to Page Mill Road through this property. It would be one-way.
The employees from California would be able to go to Page Mill. This project
would not be able to go the other direction. After the Staff Report was put
together, we did receive some comments. There was some questions about
the Minutes from previous hearings. As Staff, we tried to keep the packet
small and save some trees. Unfortunately, that led to some problems. We
did make sure to send out the Minutes to everyone earlier today. Stanford
has turned in documentation of 700 acres, which we will discuss further in
this presentation about Floor Area Ratio (FAR). We do have that with us.
We have not been able to review it in-depth. It was written in 1885, and it
is in script. It will take a little bit of interpretation. Regarding the floor area
ratio, we will be discussing that later in the presentation. We also had some
discussion about dewatering, hazardous materials and the EIR alternatives.
Katherine, as our environmental consultant, will be answering those in her
presentation. As far as the mitigation measures including those as a
condition, that was an oversight in the Record of Land Use. That will
certainly be included in a revised Record of Land Use. You have all the
details in Attachment I, which is the Mitigation Monitoring Program. With
that, I'd like to turn it over to Katherine to discuss the Environmental Impact
Report.

Katherine Waugh, Dudek: Thank you, Jodie. I'm Katherine Waugh, Senior
Project Manager with Dudek. As Director Gitelman mentioned, we are the
City's environmental consultant for this project. I will briefly review the key
steps in the EIR process and the content of this EIR. This slide outlines
some of the key steps. In the process, we started by preparing what's called
an Initial Study of the project's potential environmental effects and
circulated that for public review along with the Notice of Preparation. That
provided public information as to the intended content and scope of this EIR.
                                                                            Page 41 of 94
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/11/16
