                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
adopt the findings and recommendation of the Planning and Transportation
Commission to approve a variance for the property at 224 Churchill Avenue
as documented in the Record of Land Use Action and direct Staff to include
this topic in the annual Code clean-up.

Mayor Burt: Did you wish to speak further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I think it's really important that we be
responsive to what's in the best interest of the citizens of Palo Alto. That
sometimes means individual citizens. We weigh this against the general
good. Here, there's no opposition. There's no one being injured by this. All
this does is benefit our constituents who have come to us to ask us to look
at a law that is goofy on its face and ask us to make a decision that supports
them. I think we should do that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss, did you wish to speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: Just briefly. I would concur with what the Vice
Mayor has just said. In addition to coming back for Code revision, I think
this is really a common sense decision. If we look at this as we see it in
front of us, it's fascinating to see a lot that is that size in this particular
neighborhood. The one that's 236 probably is one of the bigger lots in that
part of town. We're basing a decision on what—I think that's the real
outlier, this enormous lot that looks almost as though it goes through to the
next street. It may go through to Coleridge. This is the unusual lot. I
would strongly support, which is a compromise at the 32. Having looked at
this carefully today, I would strongly support it and agree that we can make
those findings, especially talk to the special circumstances. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I did walk around the neighborhood. There is a
wide variety of lot sizes and shapes. The general pattern, if you look at the
blocks around this, not just the block, very deep in the middle of the block,
shallower lots as you start to get towards the corners. To me, the important
question is definition of a variance. I didn't agree that there are grounds to
find a variance.     Again, as the initial ruling was, I didn't see special
circumstances. It seemed pretty clear from the record that the request was
a desire, not a need as defined in the Code. Plans were submitted to
Individual Review with the proper setback, which indicates to me it was a
desire. It wasn't that there was something fundamentally wrong with the lot.
My concern is about the process. I just think if we start to call things
variances when they don't really qualify, what do we do with the next
applicant. Pretty soon, we don't have a process. The PTC minutes had
                                                                         Page 33 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
