                          TRANSCRIPT
and skepticism into dogmatic opposition. In this case, it seems like the right
time. To use the variance. Our Code is broken. We've recognized the Code
is broken. Council Member Burt, thank you for the history lesson on that. I
was curious how we got to this point. Thank you for trying to stand up for
warning people about unintended consequences on the Planning
Commission. This is a teachable moment about unintended consequences.
The Code is broken. We're going to change it this year. In the meantime,
it's the right thing to grant the variance to the residents who are going to be
negatively impacted by our broken and soon to be fixed Code.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Filseth no

Mayor Burt: On that note, please vote on the board. That passes on an 8-1
vote with Council Member Filseth voting no. We have one remaining item on
the Agenda. Why don't we take a five minute break.

Council took a break from 9:03 P.M. to 9:10 P.M.

22.   PUBLIC HEARING: Approval of the Final Environmental Impact Report
      (FEIR) and Record of Land Use Action to Allow Demolition of Four
      Existing Structures Totaling 265,895 Square Feet and for Construction
      of Four Two-Story Office Buildings Totaling 265,895 Square Feet of
      Floor Area With Below and At-Grade Parking and Other Site
      Improvements. Zoning District: Research Park (RP) Located at 1050
      Page Mill Road. Environmental Assessment: A Final Environmental
      Impact Report has Been Prepared.

Mayor Burt: Our next and final item is Item No. 22. A Public Hearing on the
approval of the Final Environmental Impact Report and Record of Land Use
Action to allow demolition of four existing structures totaling 265,895 square
feet and for construction of four two-story office buildings totaling 265,895
square feet of floor area with below- and at-grade parking and other site
improvements. Before continuing, Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to briefly explain. While Sand Hill
Properties is the primary applicant in this case and appears to own the
buildings, because Stanford is the co-applicant and there are issues of lease
lines, and because Stanford is a source of income for me through my wife,
I'm going to recuse myself tonight. If there are issues in the future that
pertain to the building only, I may be able to participate, but they did not
appear to be a separable part of the discussion tonight. I will say goodnight
to you all.

Council Member DuBois left the meeting at 9:11 P.M.

                                                                         Page 38 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
