                          TRANSCRIPT
said about hotels. We had incented hotels with this 2.0 FAR. I think hotels
are important, but maybe we can dial that back a little bit. I like the idea of
maybe 1.5 FAR for hotels except for Downtown. Maybe we leave Downtown
at 2.0. On the height limit, I think it's a really important issue for a lot of
residents. It goes to the heart of this idea of character of Palo Alto. I am in
favor of maintaining the 50-foot height limit. At the same time, I hear
people appreciate Channing House. I could support a policy exceeding the
50-foot height limit for senior housing, particularly if we put that to a vote of
the public. I think we need to treat the 50-foot height limit pretty seriously.
I also really support the idea of what you called mixed use with retail and
residential. When I campaigned for office, I talked a lot about that, and I'd
really like to see us do that. We haven't really talked about the community
indicators, those tables. I'm not sure we're going to be able to do it tonight;
I expect that'll probably come back. I thought there were some really good
comments from some of the public about maybe tweaking a couple of those
measures. Instead of jobs/housing measurement, maybe the growth of jobs
versus the growth of housing, maybe a measure of satisfaction with the
schools instead of school sizes. I would even like to see tracking of short-
term rentals over time. I'm going a little fast to respect the time here. I
also want to say I support Mayor Burt's comments about making sure we
have a healthy Downtown and starting to at least talk about size restrictions
for companies Downtown with grandfathering and considering a lot of those
issues. I really think that's an important discussion. I had a question about
the unleaded airplane fuel. I do see a lot of airports in the U.S. switching to
unleaded, but the Staff Report just says it's not possible. I see other
progressive cities doing it. We should figure out what's the truth there and
what can we do.

Ms. Gitelman: That was a topic we consulted with legal counsel on and
ultimately shaped the policies based on that input. It's something that we
all want to see happen. The question is can we require it and on what
timeframe.

Council Member DuBois: If you google unleaded gas in airports, you'll see a
list of airports that do it. Somehow people are doing it. I will probably just
email the rest of these. There were a couple of policies that seemed to be
duplicates. There were others that seemed to be grouped together where
they're actually separate items. I don't know if that was just typos. Do you
know what I'm referring to or should I call those out?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we'd be happy to get any additional comments you
have by email.



                                                                         Page 90 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
