                          TRANSCRIPT
about $6 million. We know something about taking a warehouse, which this
building was, and turning it into a silver-level Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design (LEED) certified building that houses about 160
animals and is operated with a staff of about 20 people. We are governed
by a Board of Directors that takes their fiduciary responsibilities very
seriously, 13 Board Members and volunteer community leaders and animal
lovers.    We're very proud of the fact that we offer free spaying and
neutering services. We believe that the most effective way to address the
pet homelessness issue is to spay and neuter. We take that responsibility
seriously. The organization has committed hundreds of thousands of dollars
over the years toward this effort. In Fiscal Year 2016, we did 1,687 free
spaying and neutering procedures at our Redwood City facility and through
our mobile van in communities far and wide, Modesto, Vallejo, Martinez, Los
Banos, Hollister. We travel all over the Northern California area to do free
spaying and neutering. We've rescued animals from Los Banos, Vallejo,
Hollister, Milpitas, San Jose. Our medical operation is certified or accredited
by the American Animal Hospital Association. Only 15 percent of animal
shelters in the United States have achieved this distinction. We're very
proud of that achievement. We have a vibrant volunteer program and what
I would consider to be a growing, developing humane education program.
We have a very cost-effective fundraising program that has grown from
about $600,000 in 2013 to just under $1 million this past Fiscal Year. We
are a member of the We Care Alliance, and we already have relationships
with our friends from Friends of Palo Alto Animal Shelter and Palo Alto
Humane Society. That's my part. I'm going to ask Frank Espina, our
Treasurer, to come up and talk a little bit about our financial situation.

Frank Espina, Pets in Need Treasurer: Mr. Mayor, Councilmen, thank you for
letting us speak today about Pets in Need. A little background. I'm a
Certified Public Accountant (CPA), have been a CPA for over 40 years. I've
been associated with this organization for approximately 20 years, five years
as its auditor. I decided that I'd rather be on the Board than audit them, so
I joined the Board. I've been on the Board about 15 years. I've watched
this organization grow from a situation where we were in a little warehouse
in Redwood City to where we built, as Al has already said, a $6 million
facility, which we literally own right now. Our footings on our balance sheet
are approximately $12 million. We carry over a $2 million endowment, and
our unrestricted fund balance is over $8 million. We've done this through
hard work, through providing good services for individuals in the community,
taking care of animals, making sure that they don't kill. We've kept animals
for as long as seven years in the facility, where we couldn't adopt them out.
We also from the standpoint of a 501(c)(3) received the highest rating in
Charity Navigator because we spend very little on overhead and
administration compared to what we raise and what we do, our services. I
                                                                       Page 39 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
