                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I should just briefly explain that the reason they gave
me the award is I've been working with them for the past three years
regarding setting up the matrix and discerning what constitutes a Healthy
City and how we should do this and what that should look like. That's why.
That was through the Cities Association.

Council Member Holman: Can I put a shout out to Staff? The City
Manager's Office and Community Services Department especially have been
really supportive in developing and supporting the work of the Healthy Cities
committee.

James Keene, City Manager:       We'll all do a 6:00 A.M. run tomorrow
morning. We'll be looking forward to seeing you all at that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can't we go now, Jim? Council Member Holman, you
had your light on.

Council Member Holman: It was that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman:      It's fitting I do this to a practically empty
chamber. Later on this week, I will be submitting my letter of resignation to
the Mayor and the City Manager or the City Clerk or whoever else I'm
supposed to submit it to. You can't serve on two bodies at the same time,
and I'm going to get sworn into the California State Assembly a week from
today, next Monday.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You're choosing them over us?

Council Member Berman: It's not personal. I'll be back for the reorg
meeting. I haven't had time to process everything and think of all the
comments that I want to make. I'm not going to be eloquent tonight. I'll be
back for the reorg meeting, the first Tuesday in January, to join everybody
then.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Schmid. No. Did you put your light
back on?

Council Member Kniss: I did.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I don't think it would be proper to not tell you, Marc,
that we're going to miss you. Delighted that you attained that goal, that I
understand you've had since eighth grade. I really did understand that. I
                                                                     Page 113 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/28/16
