                          TRANSCRIPT
The two residential arterials that touch my neighborhood, University and
Middlefield, are already virtual parking lots at peak travel times each day of
the week. This is not a problem that the RPP program can fix. It's also not
something Transportation Demand Management Program (TDM) or
Transportation Management Association (TMA), which are nascent programs,
can really resolve in the nearer term, but the real challenge is today. The
smartest short-term action you can take is to halt further commercial
development in the Downtown core while you implement a more
comprehensive solution to the parking and traffic problems. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We won't be accepting more cards on this item.
Our next speaker is Richard Brand, and our final speaker is Nielson
Buchanan.

Richard Brand, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: Yes, good
evening again. Richard Brand, 281 Addison, RPP stakeholder emeritus. It
looks like we're having a reunion tonight with some of us. I too urge you to
remove this from Consent Calendar. A 178-page report on a Consent
Calendar, I think, is a bit much. You've heard a lot of the issues already
discussed. I do urge you to—three of you to vote to remove it. Part of the
issue is within the 178 pages there's a lot of data that's lacking. In fact, one
of the points that's not in there, but I have found, is that the number of
nonresident permits issued within the zones—remember, there's ten zones.
There was an allocation; a number of nonresident permits to be issued
within those zones has exceeded the number. This was in May of this year,
so a couple of months ago. This is not being managed. You need to get into
the details, and this is why I highly recommend within the next 30 days we
schedule this with a full report. As you said in March when we had the
meeting for Phase 2, we need an interim study of what's going on. There's a
lot of good things. I want to let you know things have relieved in some
areas. I now see that citations are—thanks to Chief Burns and some help
from Jim and others, Hillary, we've now got automatic machines for the
enforcement officers to issue tickets. We're making it more efficient. I think
this is a good reason why the Council needs to see the data. After all, this
whole thing was put together—Mayor Burt, I know you talked about this.
RPP starts with R for residents, and it's really a quality of life issue. I think
we all are willing to help, especially my fellow stakeholders, to get into this
and look at the data. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Neilson Buchanan.

Nielson Buchanan, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: Welcome
back, Council. We made a deliberate effort not to ask hundreds of people or
dozens of people to show up here tonight. I would like to ask the people in

                                                                          Page 16 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
