                          TRANSCRIPT
years down the road, and they say, "I know that was really important. That
was then. We'll make a decision to spend it in a different way."

Council Member Holman: Are you looking for questions and comments now
or just questions, Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Just questions.

Council Member Holman: Last question from me then is given where we are
in the polling and the numbers we have right now, if we got more specific in
the questions in terms of parking, transportation and traffic congestion, Safe
Routes to School, would you see our percentages going up or not changing
significantly? Is there a way to foresee that?

Mr. Metz: Obviously we can't say for certain, but my suspicion is the
percentages would not change dramatically. The reason for that is, if you
look here at the very top testing, potential uses of the money, they are only
a few points higher than that initial level of conceptual support or the level of
support we see what after the positive arguments. It suggests that best
case, you're right around that two-thirds level. Obviously outside of the
safety uses of the money, many of them are actually below that initial
conceptual level of support for the measure. There's little here to suggest to
me that we would see a dramatically different result if we fleshed out the
details more. Again, sometimes the way you combine things can yield a
more appealing package than when you break them down individually.

Council Member Holman: I do have one last question. Apologies for that.
Given that we are on kind of a short timeline here, it sounds like we do have
time to do one more round of polling before putting something on the ballot.

Mr. Keene: From a schedule point of view, it's possible. As I said, my
recollection is during the outreach portion, obviously again this would be
truncated—I mean this would be a month-long schedule. There is the
opportunity to sort of explore and sort of tease out messages that then help
inform the follow-up that would be done to get more specific as far as what
might poll well.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: The sequence of your presentation was the same
sequence you went through with each interview. Is that right?

Mr. Metz: No. It was—we organized the presentation and sort of bring
things together conceptually. The questions weren't asked in exactly that
order.
                                                                        Page 117 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
