                          TRANSCRIPT
had people come up and say, "There's ten cars every day at this house."
Again, if we just enforce that and rent it as a house, we're recovering
housing stock. We talk a little bit about ghost homes. I think Vancouver is
trying something really interesting. They have a tax. If you buy a house
and it's not occupied—it doesn't have to be owner occupied, but it needs to
be occupied. They're projecting raising about $90 million, and they're going
to return that money to homeowners and to renters.                 That's a very
interesting idea, and I'd like to see us evaluate kind of creative ideas like
that. That's recovering housing. On the R&R zone, we actually have a
surprising amount of middle housing in Palo Alto. I think Karen mentioned
these kind of well-integrated, multiunit housing in transitions. I think where
we need to focus is, again, in Downtown, Cal. Ave. I think we should really
try retail residential. I think it limits office in our most densely impacted
areas, and it's a good place to try micro units. I do support moving the
housing away from San Antonio Road and shifting those micro units.
Nobody's really talked about protecting affordable business. That part of
San Antonio Road that we're talking about is probably the last kind of
affordable semi-industrial business district. To me, that's kind of more
interesting than almost any other reason to try to protect it. This last one,
targeting kind of the middle income housing. I think we should seriously
look at an active program for teachers and City Staff. Teachers should
include preschool teachers. By working jointly with PAUSD, I've heard from
School Board Members that they're actually very interested in exploring this.
They're looking at working across multiple school districts to create teacher
housing. As we know, the School District owns a lot of sites they're not
using as schools right now. If the School District contributed the land and
the City contributed building, I think it could be really interesting. I think we
could actually get it done, and we could have some housing. It could be
land that the School District continues to control, if they ever need it back
for a school. I think they have more sites than they need to use. Also in
this kind of, low income, affordable and middle income, I think we need to
stay focused on Buena Vista, anything we can do to resolve the lawsuit
there. I think the idea about preserving housing is really important, not
letting it be torn down. I think the program that Karen was citing was pretty
interesting. I would be supportive of some kind of program for disabled
housing in the Comp Plan. I'm less bullish on ADU changes. I think we
could do some minor tweaks. We get relatively few number of new housing
units that way. If we did major tweaks, I don't think it'd be supported by
the majority of people in Palo Alto. I'm a little concerned that we're
spending a lot of time on ADUs for potentially a small return. Those are my
main three points. Let's recover the housing we already have and make
sure it's being used as housing. I'd like to try this R&R zone. I'd like to see
if we could really create some teacher or Staff housing. In terms of timing, I
think we could recover some of that housing right away; we don't need to
                                                                         Page 91 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
