                          TRANSCRIPT
is doing any work with Wells Fargo, you need to make a statement about all
the things that we've heard about Wells Fargo and how they've messed up a
number of accounts for people, giving them cards, giving them credit
without their consent. I would like you to consider that as part of your due
diligence on audit and see what you need to do to let Wells Fargo know that
you do not accept that and you condone that and remove them from doing
business with them. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Rita Vrhel, to be followed by our final
speaker, Scott Lane.

Rita Vrhel: Hello. I've given each of you a packet that has to do with the
information savepaloaltosgroundwater.org has received to date on
dewatering. One project over at 181 Heather Lane is 68 million gallons.
This site is interesting because it's very near the flood zone. While it meets
the criteria of the law of not dewatering in the flood zone, literally it's feet
away from the flood zone, so it doesn't really meet the intent of the law.
The house across the street couldn't put in a basement. When I went by a
couple of weeks ago, it was pumping out 1,050 gallons of water a minute.
We don't have the final numbers, but I've listed some things here for your
information, about how much water. Twenty-seven times the amount of
water stored in the Palo Alto El Camino reservoir.             This number is
staggering. If I would have brought my 45-gallon rain barrel with me, we'd
find that this amount of water would fill 1.5 million of my rain barrels. When
we go to what used to be our poster child for wasting water over at 736
Garland, we find that they pumped out 30.88 million gallons. I've listed all
the same information here. Together these two properties to date—one of
them is still pumping—extracted 294.77 acre feet of water. This is 37 times
the amount that we have stored in the Palo Alto El Camino reservoir as
emergency water. It would fill a football field including the end zones with
228 feet of water or the 12.9-acre El Camino Park total with 21.1 inches or,
my favorite, Eleanor Pardee Park with 29 feet 10 inches of water. According
to Public Works, the changes that they are going to be recommending to
extraction for next year will be coming before the City Council on 12/5.
We're hoping that we have the final numbers from the nine pumping
projects. Honestly, this cannot continue. We call ourselves a green city.
We're not even talking about the destruction of homes and the pouring of
concrete, which is environmentally not recommended. I'm hoping that you
will look at these numbers and vote for a change. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Scott Lane.

Scott Lane: Hello, Mr. Mayor, City Council. Thank you very much for being
here. First off, my name's Scott Lane. These issues are mine and mine

                                                                         Page 41 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
