                         TRANSCRIPT
symptom of the fact that we drive relatively large vehicles with pretty low
occupancy rates. If you looked at during the peak periods how many of the
vehicles that have five seats only have one driver or maybe even one
passenger. We have a seat utilization problem; that's another metric. We
started to measure that recently on freeways. Our freeways during peak
periods might operate at close to 35 percent of their seat capacity. We have
a very inefficient network that's largely caused by the fact we don't conserve
trips. We don't really conserve trips because the price of travel just isn't
high enough that people are discouraged from making them in the first
place. You've got this combination of effects. Some are symptoms; some
are problems. If you really want to get to the source of what causes these
symptoms, it's the amount of travel and the length that they're going. VMT
does become a useful metric to kind of add to that equation.

Council Member DuBois: Two more questions. When I looked at this, I
didn't really get it. We have our kind of very rural (inaudible) bike paths up
here that are in the high stress area. It just really seems—how close are
you to Google headquarters seems to be this map. Is that ...

Mr. Louch: Yeah, that's right. Essentially it's a distance-based metric. It's
relative to that one destination. The further away you are, the more stress
you're going to experience on your trip.

Council Member DuBois: Even if we have really good bike paths? Ideally
you would show those as lower stress, right?

Mr. Louch: Just imagine you drew concentric circles at every mile out from
that spot and then you were to draw these things in, they'd become shorter
if you put in bike paths. They become longer if you put in arterials, streets
with no bike lanes essentially. That difference between what it would be like
just with concentric circles moving outwards is really the kind of difference
that you're talking about.

Mr. Mello: Imagine a scenario where we selected a specific parcel within
Palo Alto, and then we looked at the typical three mile biking distance
around that parcel. We would be able to identify where barriers are within
that three mile distance. There may be a very inexpensive project that
would expand that biking radius to three miles and capture another 100 or
200 households or business destinations that would then be included in that
bike (inaudible).

Council Member DuBois:       It just seems like optimizing for that one
destination isn't as useful. Again, you might have some really nice bike
paths that are 10 miles away. That doesn't mean they're stressful bike
paths.
                                                                       Page 19 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
