                          TRANSCRIPT
      one level of underground parking on a 39,908 square foot lot at 2515-
      2585 El Camino Real; and

C.    Require the ground floor be retail; and

D.    Require the project be fully parked; and

E.    Require a robust Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program
      to ensure a 30 percent reduction in trips.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you want me to speak to it? We say as a
community we want more housing. We say as a community we want mixed-
use projects. We say we want ground-floor retail. This has ground-floor
retail. Under my motion, it's all ground-floor retail at that point. It only has
5,000 square feet of office at that point—a little less, 5,700, whatever that
number is. It's a de minimis amount of office in some ways. When we talk
about some small amount of office, I think it was Bob Moss who came up
and said that we should have a de minimis amount of office in this zone. I
think it's addressing the concerns of the community. If we don't do what
we're say we're going to do, which is we want mixed-use projects like this,
and don't support them, we're going to get developers who say they don't
believe us, and then we'll get the 17,000-square-foot office project with the
eight units. Then, we'll complain about it's too much office and not enough
housing. We'll go back and tell you to reduce the office, but we still won't
get the housing. I think when you combine a robust TDM program with this,
with the ground-floor retail and with it residential, this is the type of project
that we have been talking about wanting as a community. Therefore, I think
we should support it.

Mayor Burt: I think the switch to all ground-floor retail is a positive change.
I'm very supportive of the 30 percent TDM mandate. I think that's what we
really need most of all, no matter what the form of the project. That's
basically cutting down the trips by that much, and that's what we want to
move toward on all of our projects going forward, that or more. First, I'm
not very trusting of lift parking. The places that I've seen it put in in the
community, it gets used for storage and not parking.                 I'm really
apprehensive about that. There's just no reason that we should need it fully
parked if we're having this TDM program. We're just going to have it over-
parked. If anything, what I'd be interested in is leaving it at the same
parking requirement that we have now, 30 percent TDM program and put a
small number of those surface parking spaces into a landscape reserve.
Maybe it's not even a reserve; maybe just reduce it some and put that as
common open space. If we have this TDM program and even reduce the
parking demand by 25 spaces, the project's over-parked at that point.

                                                                         Page 46 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
