                          TRANSCRIPT
to accommodate a traffic conversation. There is ongoing work that is
happening on each of these elements. For instance, next Tuesday, we're
planning to go back to the CAC with a draft Transportation Element based on
feedback that this body gave and the goals and vision. There is a domino
effect related to moving forward.

Mayor Burt: I'll add that at our upcoming Retreat we may be scheduling
certain Study Sessions or Committees as a Whole that would have an
overlap with what's going on in the Comp. Plan. I'm just not sure that if we
schedule these on the Comp. Plan, then how might we fit in what we haven't
yet decided as a Council we want to agendize for Study Sessions or
Committees as a Whole. I have that apprehension about being specific at
this time. I think on these high-level subject matters, whether they be as
Comp. Plan specifically or as policy issues related to the Comp. Plan, we're
wanting to move aggressively on having more substantive discussions as a
Council in the coming months. I would just say as this Motion is drafted, in
some ways it might preclude some of the other alternatives.

Mr. Keene: May I add, Mr. Mayor? I really understand the intention here. I
sort of read it as trying to do two things. One is trying to ensure that there's
a definite expectation that the Council will be engaged more over this next
year than the current schedule says. Then, it attempts to identify, let's sort
of say, the big, high-leverage issues. Not being critical about it all, but a
pretty quick way to identify what those high-level issues are right now in one
Motion right here. I would be concerned we'd go away and try to put
together a schedule just trying to make sure we understood this as opposed
to, one, clearly the Council wants to have more engagement in order to help
really prioritize and give clear direction. I do think it's premature to try to
set out when that should be. We can easily come back to Council along the
way and set those meetings. I understand the desire to not want to have
these big gaps where it's not clear when we're coming back. It seems it's
more important that you identify what are the outstanding big things that
really matter first, and do we have those three or are there ten. Then we
start to figure out how we can align the schedule with that, with all the other
things that we do. I'd feel much more comfortable getting some general
direction and we'd be able to sit down with the Mayor and Vice Mayor when
we're planning the Agenda. Then, we could even come back and get the
Council's endorsement on something.

Mayor Burt: We're at 11:30 now. We have in a week and a half an
opportunity under our Priority setting to have a thoughtful discussion on
these related issues. I don't see, for instance, our discussion on a policy
level how we would go forward with fulfilling what we had in the post-
Housing Element direction to shift more of the units Downtown. I don't see
                                                                             Page 94 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
