                          TRANSCRIPT
which is what we do." I'm not feeling convinced that some of these numbers
really make sense for us as a community. We really want to go ahead and
do some building, but this looks like—if I were the builder, I'd be kind of
daunted by this.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. I did put that slide back
up on the screen as it shows our current fees for office/R&D are about $20 a
foot. The consultant's initial recommendation was $35 a foot. The Finance
Committee had the discussion that Council Member Filseth indicated, and
their recommendation was $60, which is the maximum feasible amount for
that land use type.

Council Member Kniss: I hear that. Those are the statistics that you're
giving to me, but I guess what I'm asking you for is something that's more
subjective than objective. You do this for a living. I'm looking at this and
thinking, "If I were to look at this and think this is how we're going to get
our affordable housing, I would question whether or not, by hitting the very
top of the rate that we think could be paid, we're really putting money into
affordable housing." What you're saying is this is the decision that was
made by our Commissions, not by you, and simply was studied by our
outside consultant and felt that this didn't go over the top for the feasibility.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. This does come down to a policy decision. We
hope we've given the Council all the ammunition with which to make this
decision. It's not an easy one.

Council Member Kniss: You would not disagree that there's a certain
amount of subjectivity here. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I just have a couple of questions. First, there was an earlier
question around how we would deal with change of use and whether we
could actually monitor and regulate that. Do we currently or could we have
an annual self-certification, which is signed by property owners upon penalty
of perjury? I used to have to sign those things, and I always made sure we
abided by them if I was going to put myself up personally to a legal liability.
Do we have such a requirement now or could that be part of the ordinance?

Ms. Gitelman: We don't have that to my knowledge. Although, we do have
the new Business Registry which would be an opportunity to collect the data.
I'm just not familiar with it.

Mayor Burt: I'm not talking about a data collection. I'm talking about a
certification that it's continuing to be used without change.

Ms. Gitelman: We do not currently have such a program.
                                                                           Page 50 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
