                         TRANSCRIPT
A.    Accept the Storm Drain Blue Ribbon Committee Report; and

B.    Direct Staff to proceed with a Proposition 218 ballot-by-mail process to
      gain property owner approval of the proposed Fee (Recommendation
      Numbers 1 and 2); and

C.    Direct Staff to implement the other Report recommendations,
      consistent with stated qualifiers (e.g. “consider”) (Recommendation
      Numbers 3-15); and

D.    Return within six (6) months with an Informational Report on point
      source data.

Mayor Burt: We have a Motion before us. Please vote on the board. That
passes unanimously. Thank you to everyone.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

18.   Approval of Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) Between the Santa
      Clara County Housing Authority, the County of Santa Clara and the
      City of Palo Alto to Provide up to $14.5 Million in City Affordable
      Housing Funds in Support of the Housing Authority’s Potential
      Acquisition of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park for Deed Restricted
      Affordable Housing, From June 28, 2016 Through June 28, 2018;
      Authorize the City Manager to Implement MOU Subject to Council
      Conditions and Reporting.

Mayor Burt: Excuse me. We now get to move on to Item 18. I don't know
if anybody's here for this. This item is approval of a Memorandum of
Understanding, an MOU, between the Santa Clara County Housing Authority,
the County of Santa Clara, and the City of Palo Alto to provide up to $14.5
million in City affordable housing funds in support of the Housing Authority's
potential acquisition of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park for deed restricted
affordable housing. Who will launch this from the City side?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Burt. City Attorney Molly
Stump. I'll be very brief. You have many honored guests here, who I know
want to speak to the item, residents of the Buena Vista Park and elected
officials and other governmental representatives who will want to speak with
you as well. Before you tonight is an MOU that's been negotiated at the
Staff level and approved by the County. It is before the Housing Authority, I
believe, tomorrow night for their consideration. It relates to funding for
acquisition of the Buena Vista site. These are affordable housing funds
dedicated for only that purpose, that the Council has previously set aside to
assist in the acquisition of the site.     This is a more specific funding
                                                                        Page 29 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
