                          TRANSCRIPT
references that we will be modifying in these Ordinances before you. As a
conclusion, we have the recommended Motion before you. Thank you.

Mr. Pirnejad: Thank you, George. With that, just to recap. This has been a
collaborative effort. We continue to work with the group of architects,
engineers, stakeholders that we have been talking to over the past several
years, that are a sounding board of sorts to ensure that they understand
what is coming down the pike and to get feedback in terms of build-ability,
constructability. All of this has been vetted well in advance. We've received
that feedback. The Development Committee Advisory Group (DCAG) has
been very supportive in this effort.       We've also, as Melanie Jacobson
mentioned, reached out to our Green Building Advisory Group, an even more
niche group of folks that really understand energy efficiency, green building,
etc., when we talked about some of the improvements that were proposed in
terms of our Green Building updates. With that, we are all here and
welcome any questions. With that, we'll turn it back to the Council. Thank
you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have no speaker cards. Actually, I should have
said I want to open the Public Hearing. We do not have speaker cards, so I
will close the Public Hearing. Now that we've done that proper formality, I
want to return to the Council for a Motion or any discussion. Vice Mayor
Scharff.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:13 P.M.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll move the Staff-recommended Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to:

A.   Adopt nine Ordinances, amending Title 16 of the Palo Alto Municipal
     Code:

       i.    Seven of the Ordinances adopt by reference and make local
             amendment to the various parts of the 2016 California Building
             Standards Code (CBSC), Title 24 of the California Code of
             Regulations, along with the necessary findings of fact supporting
             each local amendment; and

       ii.   An Ordinance adopting a new Chapter 16.18 Private Swimming
             Pool and Spa Code, 2016 Edition and Local Amendments; and


                                                                       Page 41 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
