                          TRANSCRIPT
there's no recognition of historic preservation here. It is in another section,
which I appreciate. There's also no reference to State Historic Building
Code. That was struck actually. I could find it in a moment here. Actually it
goes over to Packet Page 273 and 274. Under Program L-71.2, the State
Historic Building Code was deleted; it should be put back. Actually cities are
supposed to, unless something's changed, make that available to owners of
buildings that are 50 years or older. Also on the next page at the top, which
is part of Policy L-7.2, a section there has been struck, maintain and
strengthen design review procedures for exterior remodeling and demolition
of historic resources. I would keep that, except the word landmark. Palo
Alto doesn't have landmark designations, that I'm aware of. We have
Historic Resources; we have Inventory properties; we have California
Register and National Register. I'm not aware of any landmark status.
Down on the same page, 274—I'm sorry to focus on this. It's just that I'm
the one that has familiarity with Historic Resources; that's why I'm doing
that. It says develop incentives for retention and rehabilitation of buildings
with historic merit in all zones and revising existing blah, blah, blah, blah.
Actually we have quite a number of incentives; they're hidden, pretty much
buried in the Code and not on the City's website for people to discover easily
nor are they promoted. My change there would be to promote existing
incentives for retention and rehabilitation of buildings blah, blah, blah. On
the previous page, Program L-71.1, for some reason or other it says update
and maintain the City's Historic Resource Inventory and determine all
Historic Resources that are eligible for the California Register. I don't know
why California Register. We have a local Palo Alto Inventory, so I don't
know why California Register is the threshold there. Historic Registers and
Historic Resources are identified all the time that are important at the local
level. I don't know why there's a focus here on California Register. To some
of the other issues, I actually would like to hear what other Council Members
have to say about this. I've broached this—I'm glad to see it in here. L-44,
Packet Page 253, Program L-2.2.1, explore whether there are appropriate
locations to allow small-scale neighborhood-serving retail facilities such as
coffee shops and corner stores in residential areas. I'm interested in
knowing what other Council Members have to say about this. When I have
broached this with members of the community, there is a good amount of
interest. From my perspective, we're not talking full-scale coffee shops, full-
scale grocery stores. We're talking maybe even kiosk-size or larger than
kiosk-size. Just to remind folks who maybe haven't watched development
happen over a number of years and patterns and maybe not read as much
as has some, neighborhood markets were fully integrated in the
neighborhoods in times past. They've disappeared because they were zoned
out. Now people have to drive to markets and such. I think finding ways to
put those back in some places—it has been suggested to me near parks and

                                                                       Page 93 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
