                          TRANSCRIPT
retail when it has been retail was hard to understand. You argued about a
lack of windows. I would believe windows would be nice for an office as
well, so it's kind of the same. I do think we need equal treatment. Like I
said earlier, that means a high bar for an exemption. I think we already
committed to promptly review this temporary Ordinance and come back with
a permanent ordinance. At that time, we can potentially consider a more
flexible definition of exemptions. For now, Staff has followed the intent of
the emergency Ordinance. I support upholding their decision.

Mayor Burt: I want to pause for a moment and allow the City Attorney to
wade in on the issue of whether we—even though this is not a quasi-judicial
matter—need to address any disclosure of any ex parte communications.
Why don't we go ahead and—Molly, you want to give some guidance?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: On closer review, it's not a typical item that we
have. We didn't mark it as a quasi-judicial item, but it really is in the nature
of a quasi-judicial item.       We should take a little break and do our
disclosures. What you're wanting to do here under your rules, which make
sure that there's a fair process for everyone, is identify any conversations or
information that you've gathered about the item outside of the material
that's been presented by Staff. If you do have those items, you want to be
specific, especially if they've influenced your thinking in any way. We need
to provide an opportunity for effected parties to respond to that. The Chair
will do that tonight. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Let me just clear the board. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Way back before the antique store was closing but
when they were about to close—I'm going back a ways—I went into Addison
Antiques fairly regularly. In conversation with two of the owners, Deborah
Kohler and Ken Allsman, both indicated to me that the reason for their
departure was a rent increase. There was no reference of anything other
than a rent increase. More recently but it's still been—there was no
discussion then about any kind of waiver or anything. It was just like they
were going to be leaving. Fairly more recently—I do not recall when; it's in
an email somewhere. There was a communication from—I believe it was
from Ken Allsman indicating that the rent that they were paying was in line
with what the owner has said.

Mayor Burt: Anyone else? I'll say that a few months ago I was contacted by
Mr. Kaboli, who essentially presented the issues and the concerns of the
applicant and provided no additional information. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I know Julie Keaty [phonetic] and have known her
for 20 or 30 years. Most of you probably know she worked in Palo Alto
                                                                        Page 91 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
