                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: At this time, we'll just be looking for essentially technical
questions of Staff regarding the general elements of the plan and not
specific to the Bryant boulevard. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: A general question. You've done a great job in
working with the pathways identified and getting public comment about
them and looking at the details. Let me step back a little bit. When we
originally—you also mentioned that as we move along, the $20 million we've
committed to this gradually decreases. These obviously have some priority
as we move ahead. I just want to ask a question about the Midtown
connector. There was a public event around Hoover Park a couple of
weekends ago that seemed to be received well. I noted that Redwood City
has just committed to build a pathway to their Baylands utilizing a right-of-
way roadway, costs $3 million. Where does the Midtown connector stand in
terms of feasibility, thinking about it, working?

Mr. Mello: We're actually bringing the Midtown Connector Feasibility Study
to Council in June. We're going to provide you with a detailed presentation
on the study that we're wrapping up. A lot of it's based on the comments
you gave us at the end of last year. We'll be back in June to give you a full
update on that project.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman:     Just a quick question about the difference
chicanes and speed bumps or humps or whatever we call them. Why would
you use one over another?     What circumstance would a chicane be
preferable?

Mr. Mello: Our general thought process along the bike boulevards was that
we wanted to encourage motorists to operate at moderated speeds. Right
now there's a lot of stop and go and speeding. There's a lot of stop sign
control. As we look to remove stop signs, we wanted to put in place kind of
alternating traffic calming devices, so that drivers didn't become comfortable
and know that there's going to be a speed hump. We combined vertical
deflection, which is a speed hump, and a horizontal deflection, which would
be curb extensions or chicanes. We also looked for opportunities to add
street trees and vegetation where possible, and the chicanes and curb
extensions allow us to add vegetation and street trees, particularly on
streets that are really wide and don't have a lot of shade currently.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

                                                                       Page 19 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
