                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: Yeah, Marc is determined. At that time, we were
told no, this needs to come to us as a combined answer to the whole parking
system. We have some answers now. We have the Residential Preferential
Parking (RPP) in place and so forth. Because you are saying the money isn't
there and you're saying—what I'm hearing, Jessica, I think is this could be a
long time coming. Is that what I'm hearing?

Mr. Keene: I think we can't have a long time coming. I think what we need
to be able to do is establish the revenue stream, and then we can find a way
to capitalize that by borrowing against it. Even if we had to loan it some
money in the short term to get it going, once we had the guaranteed
revenue stream we could come out—we can't do this as a "pay as you go"
thing and get it done in time.

Council Member Kniss: I think, not speaking for all nine of us, certainly one
or two of us would very strongly support getting it underway. It's the kind
of thing that, I think, really will make the public feel so much more
comfortable about driving Downtown. As you said, Jessica, there are many
ways to alter. Just say a little more about the—I've got to learn—APGS,
about that system and about its cost. It is expensive, and it does go
through—it also gives you two options for the single—what's the last one
called? Single space parking?

Ms. Sullivan: The single space parking guidance system.

Council Member Kniss: You've got about four options for single space
parking as far as the monitor goes as well. Say some more about that and
what you think of sensors on the floor or cameras in the ceiling or drones.
Yes, drones would be terrific.

Ms. Sullivan: I don't know if drones would be the recommended option from
the consultant. Are you asking about the different colors and the space
occupancy?

Council Member Kniss: No. You've got, I think, four options in here for
single space monitoring. I want to know which one—have you thought
about which one would be the most desirable for us?

Ms. Sullivan: In terms of the detection systems?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, exactly.



                                                                       Page 55 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/11/16
