                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: What I was trying to ask was did we have a local
conversation in Palo Alto about doing both, but encouraging even more
solar. Are we capping it artificially?

Mr. Pirnejad: The loading order that we had talked about, that Gil even
mentioned, was efficiency first, then electrification and then renewables.
What we're trying to do is make sure that people install the PV but only as
much as they need once the building is as efficient as possible. There's been
great support around making sure that the building envelope is tight. It
doesn't have thermal bridging and other things that would bake efficiency
into the design. To do that, we had to make sure that we didn't lower the
standard for efficiency. Does that get to your question?

Council Member DuBois: I understand that, I think. Once you hit that
efficient building, why not go net positive and encourage even more solar?
Are there things in this ordinance that basically discourage solar as you get
to different building types, commercial or multi...

Mr. Pirnejad: Not at all. In fact, it encourages solar. Some would say it's
easier to just install 20 percent solar on your rooftop and then just meet
bare minimum Code as opposed to trying to exceed the Code by 10 percent.
The problem that you were getting to at this time is the cost to install
energy-efficient equipment is getting more expensive. It's almost cheaper
to install PV on your rooftop once you get past a certain threshold. The
State has even seen that their base cost is starting to tinker on that
threshold where things that would create more efficiency are more
expensive than just installing PV.

Council Member DuBois: Also if you could talk about electrification a little
bit.    In the summary—basically why do we need an exemption for
electrification? Basically you're saying the opposite here, that it's too
expensive to have the highly efficient building on its own plus electrification.

Mr. Pirnejad:       Electrification—Farhad can explain this a bit more.
Electrification in and of itself doesn't have any cost savings associated with
it. When you electrify your home, you're having to increase the size of your
panel, so there's no energy efficiency in that. There's no return on that.
You're just moving to an all-electric home. Once you've calculated all the
different things you need to do to create an all-electric home and eliminate
the need for gas, you've added a lot of expenses to the house that aren't
recoverable because of the efficiency. If you're approaching your house by
trying to maximize efficiency, everyone of those measures will have a return
on investment.


                                                                         Page 98 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
