                          TRANSCRIPT
my knowledge, we really haven't been clear on whether that is requiring
additional parking requirements when we have that conversion, whether it is
a de facto hollowing out of the retail because on the ground floor that retail
still has to have storage and office supporting them. It shrinks the effective
retail on the ground floor Downtown. I think it's an issue that has already
been occurring. We don't have good data on how much, but I know a good
number of anecdotal situations where it's occurred. I would want to place
restrictions on that conversion. At a minimum, have it be counted for
additional parking requirements when that conversion happens.               My
preference would be to really not allow it unless it's under a conditional use
permit.     There's another broad issue on the Downtown, which is the
permissible uses in the zoning. I'll simply say that our existing Downtown
zoning as it was originally designed, not as it's been interpreted and allowed
by various Staff over more than two decades, does not appear to permit the
sorts of uses that are explicitly permitted in the Research Park. The
Downtown zoning says if it's not a listed use, it's not permitted. We have
listed uses in the Research Park for hardware and software R&D and other
purposes, and they're not listed in the Downtown. That doesn't mean that
we should not permit any of those functions in the Downtown. My opinion is
that we should encourage the Downtown to be what it had evolved into,
which is a startup environment for small companies and business support
not only for traditional business support but business support for smaller
tech companies. We right now are in jeopardy and to a great extent we've
already lost what was one of the defining characteristics of Palo Alto as a
center of innovation, and that is our Downtown as a de facto incubator
district. That is largely gone right now. We are hollowed out, almost no
startup companies are there. Ten years ago, they were. Twenty years ago
they were. Even five years ago they were. Business support companies in
the financial sector and other business support companies have been
leaving. We are having a significant transformation in what is the healthy,
really exceptional economic vitality of our Downtown area.            I would
recommend that we consider placing caps on the size of businesses doing
what are today technically unpermitted functions. Going forward, we would
place caps on that. I don't know what that cap level should be on the size of
business.     We would have grandfathering in that we would have to
acknowledge on existing businesses. I don't think we want to allow it to go
further in a deterioration of what's really the long-term economic health
from the diversity in the startup environment. On top of that, some of the
businesses have their own cafeterias on ground floor that aren't open to the
public. Very importantly, when one of those pulls up stakes, the bigger they
are the more negative impact it has, a disruption and having a period of a
couple of years where we would have a hole in the Downtown. I think
there's a variety of reasons to really look hard at that. I'll be leaving it to
the rest of my colleagues to see whether they concur at all. Thank you all
                                                                       Page 81 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
