                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I think just one other question. I didn't see in any
of this a policy or program—there's a lot to digest so I could have overlooked
it, but I don't think so. You'll correct me if I did just overlook it. I didn't see
a policy or program that talks about a mix of unit sizes in a development.
We have some small unit considerations (inaudible), but a mix of units I
don't remember actually seeing.

Ms. Costello: That's correct. As we're trying to run a lot of policies through
our heads quickly, there isn't that specific direction. There's a lot of focus on
smaller units, the kinds of units that would be less expensive. There isn't a
policy about in any project and any development having a mix of units per
development.

Council Member Holman: That's all my questions for right now. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Before Council Member Schmid asks his questions, I should
have spoken briefly about our process and the context of this review versus
what's coming forward next year. Tonight is really intended for Council to
give feedback on this draft. After the first of the year, the new Council will
have meetings where they will actually be moving forward on adoption. For
the most part, what we'd be providing is either individual or consensus
feedback. I don't really anticipate too many occasions where we'd go into
motion-making, because it's not going to be binding. We're going to have a
new Council in any event, so there's not much point in having binding
directions to Staff at this time. If there's an occasion where it looks like it
might be useful to have a straw vote so it's clearer without having to have
everybody go around and speak, maybe we'll do some of that. What we're
trying to do is give guidance to the Staff and the CAC and our feedback in a
somewhat informal manner. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just have a single question, but it might be
complex. Policy L-8 from the old Comp Plan. My understanding over the
last 18 months was that Council would debate this, decide it and give it to
the CAC to use. I'm surprised that this is the first time the Council has had
a chance to discuss L-8. The CAC has given us cap options, and there are
only two options, 1.7 million square feet or 1.7 million square feet plus. The
question is where this number came from. Was it part of an extended
process of looking at a variety of options and they picked this out or was it
driven by numbers? I guess I go back and look at the historical documents.
There's two critical documents, the 1988 Citywide land use and
transportation study, which drove the zoning changes and ultimately the
1998 Comp Plan, somewhere between the '88 and the '98 things. Those two
documents, it seems to me, in the text are very clear that the '98 text
referred back to the '88 study and the map, said the City Council may make

                                                                           Page 63 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/28/16
