                          TRANSCRIPT
back. You never get more PF land, only less. If you rezone PF land, it can't
be used for community purposes again, and that releases a lot of value. We
need to be mindful of that as we scratch our head, looking for space on
things. Commercially zoned land is worth a lot more per square foot than
Public Facility land. Rezoning this PF property is instantly going to create a
lot of monetary value, potentially millions of dollars. I don't see why we—
Windy Hill seemed like good folks that want to work with us, but I don't see
why we should simply hand this value over to a developer. If we do rezone,
the City ought to get some of that value. We ought to share in that. I don't
think just having some more expensive housing in town is enough value in
itself. That's the PF. Let me talk about the density for a minute. There was
a question earlier about how much will the units rent for. Maybe I can help
with that. The going rate in this town for a 500-square-foot studio or one-
bedroom unit is currently about $2,000 to $2,500. If you had 60 of those at
an average rent of $2,000 a month, you'd have a free cash flow of about
$1.44 million, but of course that will grow every year because the rent
increases a few percent every year. If you compare that to the chart in the
Staff's—if you had CN zoning, in that case you'd have 20 units, probably
two-bedroom condos renting for $3,500 a month or so, which would add up
to $840,000. This project is going to collect almost twice as much money in
rent as a conventional zoning, even if you up-zoned it from PF. How much is
that actually worth? I think people should work that out on their own. You
figure the land costs a few million. The construction may be $25 million,
because that's what 441 Page Mill, which was approximately the same size,
was estimated. Maybe they can finance at around six percent per year.
Assume you raise the rent a few percent each year. I actually went back to
the model that Keyser and Marston used in the 441 Page Mill project. I
think people ought to try it for themselves. This proposal looks to me like it
generates a real large amount of value. The up-zoning to R-130 in this case
is worth many more times than just the PF conversion itself. Over 50 years,
I'm guessing that after costs it clears $50 million to $100 million, but again I
think folks ought to work it out for themselves. I know they don't want to
do this, but if you just cashed out right away, I believe one-bedroom condos
in north Palo Alto are currently selling in the low $900,000s. If you had 60
of those, you do the arithmetic and if you wanted to get out right away. The
point of all this is that rezoning this property for high-density housing would
create a great deal of value. I don't know that we ought to rezone the PF for
all the previous reasons. If we are going to countenance rezoning a Public
Facility like this, then I think the City ought to share in that value. I want to
suggest a way to do that in terms of housing, since we're talking about
housing. There's been a lot of talk about affordability. I think there's a
chance here to actually do something about affordability. In my view and
not everybody agrees, our biggest housing problem is not finding space for
professionals who can afford to pay $2,000 a month for a studio. They can
                                                                         Page 30 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
