                          TRANSCRIPT
have this service now in-house and the dedicated employees to perform this
service. Thank you, and I hope you will reconsider.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jeannette Washington, to be
followed by Bunny Bornstein. Welcome.

Jeannette Washington: Hi. For several years now, the animal shelter has
been left in limbo while City officials put off much needed renovations. The
outdated state of the shelter and lack of financial stability lays solely on the
fault of City management. They have repeatedly placed unrealistic burdens
on employees to raise revenues with less Staff and less resources. This
situation that we're currently in presents an opportunity for real change.
With a new, open-minded superintendent and appropriate staffing, programs
can be placed in place that will allow the shelter to expand services in a
cost-effective manner. Has the City truly tried every measure to obtain
funds and donations on behalf of a new shelter? For example, a Measure N
bond was placed on the ballot for voters to approve the new Mitchell Park
Library. $29 million was raised for Palo Alto's new performing arts center.
$4 million was raised by a community group for a total renovation of $7.9
million for the Art Center. The Junior Museum Friends group has a $30
million goal to remodel the Junior Museum. The remodel of City Hall at a
cost of $4.5 million. Our community has proven time and time again that
where there's a will, there's a way. Funding is possible. The support of the
community is there. We have a new opportunity to move the shelter
forward, but let's keep it within the City of Palo Alto. We're proud of the
work the shelter does. Pets in Need rescues dogs from other shelters, and
that's great, but Palo Alto does as well. That's what shelters do; we help
one another. What happens in five years if Pets in Need decides the shelter
is not working for them, their mission statement is not being met, and their
relationship is (inaudible)? What's the City's backup plan? Will they then
outsource the shelter outside of Palo Alto? Palo Alto has been a leader in
putting community services first. This is an opportunity to continue that
tradition and show our neighbors what an innovative and groundbreaking
shelter can be. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Our next speaker is Bunny Bornstein, to be
followed by Teddy Daliggo.

Bunny Bornstein: Good evening, Council Members. I was here a few weeks
ago when a lot of us from our community group spoke to you. At that time,
I was able to provide from all of us a green packet that we distributed
through Beth to you. I don't know if you've had the opportunity or the time,
but we would really appreciated it if you would look through the green
packet that we developed for you. Inside of it on the right-hand side are all

                                                                            Page 5 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
