                         TRANSCRIPT
question is the extent to which we should modify our building requirements.
Should we depend completely on the levee system or should we be
modifying our building requirements? This came up, you might recall, when
we brought the sewage treatment plant's next addition to you, a $25 million
project. Some of you asked, "Shouldn't we be doing more to protect it than
just rely on the levee system?" Again, that's a question for us in the future,
the degree to which either the zoning requirement or the building
requirements themselves, the Code, be changed. Lastly, we're doing a local
hazard mitigation and adaption plan as required. The plan is to have that
tied to these other plans as well. Again, if we had a City policy or new
zoning requirements or new building requirements, we'd make sure that that
was incorporated in this new local hazard mitigation and adaption plan.
Those are the next steps we see for you. We'll stop there, and let you
discuss away.

Mayor Burt: Let me ask really how much depth of our discussion tonight
you're really looking for, because we basically have what's summarized on
Slide 15 and 20 is really, I think, what we are focusing on, the issues for
consideration and how they relate to next steps. Clearly we're not going to
be able to determine things tonight on this. It's a Study Session. Phil, can
you (crosstalk).

Mr. Bobel: I would say, again, mostly this is to get you thinking and
warmed up to this, so these issues aren't surprises when they come to you
on these individual projects and measures that we talked about. I think the
area where we could use some feedback immediately is Slide 20, where we
talk about do we need a policy or are you comfortable moving ahead with
what we've given you so far, and the question of whether we should
strengthen Zoning or Building Code requirements. That goes to the question
of do we just protect or do we protect and adapt at the same time, using
that word adaption to mean build structures in a different way.

Ms. Struve: Also, generally what are your priorities and your vision for Palo
Alto with respect to sea level rise?

Mayor Burt: With our format tonight, I'll try to use my peripheral vision. If
I don't see you, wave your hand and I'll catch you. Who would like to go
first? Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you very much, both of you. It's a good
presentation and a sobering kind of discussion. One of the things that
comes right to mind is cost. I know the last thing you mentioned was the
water treatment plant and should it have been higher. Also, you might say
something about the heights. For anyone who's building in this area, there's

                                                                        Page 7 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
