                          TRANSCRIPT
that's more useful in terms of what we're looking for these days. I'm not
saying I wouldn't vote for an office and a retail project. I would with
residential. I think the notion that you can come back and just tweak this
and get it done is not true. With that, I'll make a substitute Motion, that we
deny the project, that we uphold the appeal and deny the project.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to deny the project and uphold the Appeal.

Mr. Ehikian: Just for clarification, are you saying that I can build a three-
story structure that has retail on the ground floor and the balance of it is
residential?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I can't say anything.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Just a second. It's really—none of us have that
authority to do that at this time. We're going to work through our process.

Mr. Hayes: How does this relate to the appeal?

Mayor Burt: Thank you. There may be other questions for you, but we have
to follow our mechanisms and our process. Let me continue. I'll go ahead
and speak next. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff:   I made a Motion.      Who wants to second it?       I don't
know.

Mayor Burt: Sorry. Did that have a second?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess not.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: That dies for lack of a second. I want to make a few
comments. First, I want to say that I think the design of this building is
actually—has a lot of innovative architectural elements to it. I think it's
better than many of the office projects that we've seen in the Downtown
area. I also want to really make sure that we as a Council are having a
proper obligation to approve or deny projects based upon review of the
appropriate Code, not our own personal preferences or whimsies or concerns
about whether it be I'd like to see more retail there too. I'd like to see less
traffic impact. That's not what I find before us in the requirements for
review of the project. I really want to encourage colleagues to not drift into
whatever personal preferences we may have.            I have some personal
preferences in how I would like to see the Code changed. We can do that. I
would like to see minimum densities on the residential. We don't have that
                                                                         Page 53 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
