                          TRANSCRIPT
Tennis Club and Palo Verde Elementary School. Both the school and the
Swim and Tennis Club anchor the strong sense of community that we enjoy.
Joseph Eichler went to great trouble when he built these tracts to ensure
that houses were situated such that individual owners retained their
privacies and their views. It was designed as a single story and is optimized
for a single story. Different styles were mixed horizontally to ensure an
interesting look but remained a cohesive identity. Joseph Eichler welcomed
all buyers. He was one of the first builders to have a non-discriminatory
Conditions, Covenants and Restrictions (CC&R). The essence of an Eichler is
to move in and out, to seamlessly connect the inside and the outside. Our
views are very, very important to us. Our light and our privacy are very
important to us. We live in glass bowls. Actually, I suggest if you have an
opportunity to see—there's a trailer for the movie, "People in Glass Houses."
Monique Lombardelli is here in orange over there, who produced this movie.
We're currently experiencing a renaissance in the popularity of Eichlers.
Realtors tell us that buyers are asking them for a name and paying a
premium for those in protected neighborhoods. I believe other speakers are
going to speak to that later. Can a classic Eichler meet the needs of
families? Many of the Eichlers in Royal Manor have been enlarged. It works
quite nicely. It's flat; it's level. I've had in-laws come and live with me for
years. It's worked out quite fine. Many of the opponents are concerned that
they won't be able to build, and they won't be able to extend it. The house
over my fence has been enlarged twice in the last 15 years. Most recently
this year, 900 square feet were added on the single floor. The extended the
footprint extensively. Clearly they can. For most of the lots in Royal Manor,
they can increase living space about 40 percent while sacrificing less than 15
percent of their yard space. Mention came up about this. This is the same
data that I presented in November but with three months more data. This is
looking at median house values from Zillow using all the available data, the
best available data. It doesn't say that a single story overlay increases the
value of your house, but it clearly shows that a single story overlay—20
years of single story overlays in some neighborhood cases—does not in any
way compromise it. It does appear that it slightly increases it. Certainly it
is not compromising it.         Despite the fact that the opposition is very
concerned that somehow having a single story overlay will reduce the value
of the home but provides no factual or quantitative data. Perhaps the
reason that Eichler neighborhoods with single story overlays are so desirable
is because they're protected. The integrity of the community is protected.
Most of us in Royal Manor are very concerned that if a two-story house is
built next to us, we're going to lose our privacy, our skylight.            My
photovoltaics are going to be shaded. This is not something that we want.
The opposition proposes that instead of a single story overlay, perhaps the
Individual Review (IR) process will work just fine. It's not clear to me that
this is a successful solution and that this type of home is compatible with a
                                                                         Page 67 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
