                          TRANSCRIPT
actually, since we're supposed to be adopting this as a City document. I'm
not sure anyone focused on this.

Ms. Goldstein: The reason that we used the word promote rather than
saying that it should be a mandate is that we feel that it's really important to
get artists engaged in civic process. The Commission can be engaged in
reaching out to artists and trying to get them involved in things, whether it's
neighborhood councils or its commissions. This year at the Americans for
the Arts conference, there was a very interesting conversation about the
value of including artists and getting artists engaged in different kinds of
City planning efforts. The Mayor of Boston actually has created residencies
for artists in three different city departments as a means of using artists and
art to build a connection between the sometimes technical and abstract work
that a department might do and the public at large to get artists to help to
make the connection between what environmental services might do and
what the citizens experience.           By encouraging artists to serve on
commissions and getting more involved in civic life, that becomes a means
of creating frameworks for people to understand what the City does better.
We weren't recommending that you create a position for an artist on those
councils. It's more on the Commission to get artists more engaged in the
civic dialog.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I appreciate that clarification. Do you have
enough money in the budget for maintenance?

Ms. Halpern: Right now we spend every penny, like Elise said. We spend
every penny every year. Like I said before, we're close to our capacity.
We're hoping that through this year of planning closely with the Commission
and the budget process that we might be able to come back to look at how
to make sure capacity can grow to meet the demand.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Capacity to fix things to grow.

Ms. Halpern: I'm not just talking about conservation. I'm just talking about
the whole Public Art Program and all the projects that we have, both in
private development and in muni.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The reason I bring it up is that several occasions over
the last few years I've asked that question. I've gotten that you have
enough money for that. When I go through California Avenue tunnel, I'm
watching that mural fall apart. I'm seeing one thing in the community—I'm
sure there's other artwork if there's that one—yet I'm continually told by
Staff that you have enough money. We ought to put more money in the
budget for it. I have a little cognitive dissonance there.

                                                                          Page 77 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
