                          TRANSCRIPT
and a lot of local sensitivity to that, Menlo Park has set some very strict and
stringent standards. That doesn't mean that the intersection ...

Council Member Kniss: That they're following them?

Ms. Peters: That doesn't mean, first, that they are able to put the genie
back in the bottle. Second, it also means that no city is immune to growth
happening outside its borders. A lot of the traffic in Menlo Park is traffic
coming across the Dumbarton Bridge and passing through. That traffic
filters onto Palo Alto streets, and it goes on up to Redwood City. Just
because the city has very stringent standards for the growth within its
boundaries doesn't mean it can really control all the traffic passing through
it.

Council Member Kniss: I really appreciate your saying that. I think there's
so much through-traffic. If you're dealing with waves at the same time and
they're cutting through the back streets, it really makes it very difficult.
That was my question, but I think the LOS question is very interesting,
observing both places and driving in both places.

Ms. Peters: It's certainly very interesting.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. That's enough for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have quite a few questions. Maybe we can go for
brief answers. This is for Josh. Just looking at this chart you gave, there
was—I think it was the County has D-plus and E-plus intersections. What
are those and do we have those in Palo Alto or do we just use a straight
letter?

Mr. Mello: You're referring to the table of the congestion management
intersection?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mr. Mello: I can check on that, but it may mean that it varies and it's E or
better if it's E-plus.

Council Member DuBois: Usually when we talk about projects, we don't do a
plus or minus on the intersection.

Mr. Mello: Typically you just speak of the letter grade.


                                                                        Page 15 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
