                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: The provision currently proposed in the Ordinance—it's on
Packet Page 701—is a feasibility test. If you remember, this came up in the
Council's deliberation of the Maybell subdivision. Currently, there's no kind
of definition of feasibility. The Council was troubled at having to make that
decision without any further basis or findings in the Code. We've suggested
some in that first paragraph on this page. The Planning Commission heard
this as well from some of the advocates; they thought maybe this was
setting too high a bar. I think it's still subject to interpretation, but the
Council could direct us to dial this back to what the current Code includes, if
you think it's too tough a test.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks. For me, I'm glad that this is finally here.
It's an important step in implementing our Housing Element. It's a little bit
of a paradox in some ways. We sit here and say we don't have enough
money to build affordable housing. We're talking about raising impact fees
maybe to a level where we could actually support developing some actual
affordable housing. We're trying to strike that balance, but I think it's time
to get serious and really enable some housing construction. I think the first
step is really agreeing to what problem we're trying to solve. For me, it's
how do we charge fees that actually result in affordable housing. This is a
chance for us to lead. I do think other cities are watching us. This has been
a discussion for over a year. There's an opportunity here to make a
statement. I do think we need to keep in mind that this is a high quality
nexus study. It's clear data; this isn't just opinion. We live in an expensive
area. Impact fees have not kept up. The pace of government is slow. I've
had some housing advocates who deal with affordable housing tell me that
they've looked at the study, and they find it to be good and sound. They
support us increasing our fees. I think we have a choice; do we want to
really enable building affordable housing or do we want to continue to have
development that doesn't raise enough money to fund affordable housing?
Most of the recommendations, I think, are right smack in the middle of the
feasibility range. Housing, we're well below the feasible amounts. I think
the only question—hotel, retail is below the feasible amounts. People are
raising the issue about office/R&D, which is at the max feasible. I think we
have to look at our history of development, the last several years, where
we've been getting all office, and we haven't been getting anything else. I
also want to say I appreciate what the Finance Committee did around single-
family homes.      Maybe that was symbolic, but I do think we should
encourage home ownership. I think it really is the foundation of community,
long-term residents. It makes a lot of sense to me to have the same rate
for rental housing and purchase housing. I expect this will be a long item,
but when you're ready I would actually move the Staff and Finance
Committee recommendation. I look forward to really starting to fund some

                                                                         Page 61 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
