                           TRANSCRIPT
crossing a bike boulevard. That's not currently in the California Manual on
Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD), so we would need to request
permission to experiment with that. We are considering asking for that
permission.

Mayor Burt: I think that's a really good idea. As a cyclist, when occasionally
I drive and cross, I just really welcome the reminder that I'm not principally
looking for cars. When I cross bike boulevard, I'm principally looking for
bikes. It's just a different consciousness. I'm trying to remember how long
ago it was. There was discussion at the Council level about whether we
would want to be looking at what are called Idaho stops, which are basically
requiring bicyclists to function as in a yield approach at stop signs. I think
we all see that there are a lot of bicyclists who just blast through stop signs,
and very few who come to a full stop, put a foot down and all that. It
becomes difficult to have an enforcement when we're trying to say,
"Everybody's breaking the law if they don't put a foot down" and we can't
distinguish between those who are just blasting through and really a safe
measure. Are we permitted in California to adopt what's called an Idaho
stop practice for bicyclists?

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Mayor Burt. City Attorney, Molly Stump. The
Vehicle Code requires bicyclists to follow all of the same laws as motor
vehicles and does require all vehicles to stop at stop signs. That said, traffic
enforcement is like any other type of enforcement activity subject to a
certain amount of discretion of the enforcing officer. It is likely the case that
good decisions are made in terms of prioritizing dangerous behavior over
behavior that is consistent with good safety practices. I hope that's helpful.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. That concludes questions from members of the
Council. We now have comments from members of the public. We have 14
speaker cards, and we're going to close off comments momentarily. If
anybody wants to do so, they better bring them up quickly to the City Clerk
right here. Thank you. Our first speaker is Kirk Fry, to be followed by Zoe
Hoster. Welcome.

Kirk Fry: Thank you for letting me speak tonight. My name is Kirk Fry; I've
lived for 38 years on the corner of Ross and Moreno. Those are a cross
section of two proposed bike boulevards. I oppose the awarding of these
contracts tonight for four reasons. First is that Ross is a poor choice for a
bicycle boulevard, and I'll go into that in a minute. Then, there's going to be
a larger than expected loss of parking due to uncounted cars when they did
their survey, based on my observations. The excessive costs of these
contracts, and I think it's an example is misplaced priorities. First of all, let's
talk about Ross. Why Ross? This route connects the long proposed and

                                                                           Page 35 of 124
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 5/9/16
