                          TRANSCRIPT
public record request for that information." That's just one example of the
arena in which we're just trying to put things out in advance.

Council Member DuBois: It's hugely powerful. We're saving time. We're
saving money. This is a huge win. I think figuring out now kind of what
people are using and what they like the most is kind of the next phase
probably. I was really glad to see the Business Registry data up there. I do
want to file a bug report. I was trying to sort on square footage, and it
seems like it's sorting right justified instead of left justified. Like, 998
square feet comes up before 99,000 square feet. I don't know. It's very
odd right now.

Mr. Reichental: We'll take a look at that. What I would recommend is to
download it as a ...

Council Member DuBois: Export it to Excel or something.

Mr. Reichental: Export it, yeah. That's your best bet.

Council Member DuBois: It's great to have that option. Again, on the open
data side of things, I think just trying to start to get some feedback on it.
Your users will tell you if there's any problems. On the digital services side,
I'm curious what your backlog looks like and how you prioritize what you're
going to work on next.

Mr. Reichental: It actually takes more of the form—I'll actually have an
answer to that in a moment; I just thought of one. When we adopt a new
solution at the City, we have two architectural messages we send out. One
is we're Cloud first, and then we (inaudible) by exception, and mobile first
which means the solution has to have a mobile capability. Where that has
been possible, we do that. Whatever is on the roadmap of projects over the
next 12-24 months, we will adopt the mobile capability within that. I think
probably if I was to quantify the most popular or the most often requested
app. it's to be able to do time and expenses on an app. We have every
intention of doing that as part of the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
project.

Council Member DuBois: That's an internal, Staff app. I guess. Do you have
a backlog for public-facing apps.?

Mr. Reichental: We don't actually.      We don't.    We'd welcome requests
through the website.

Council Member DuBois: The thing about both these areas, the apps. and
the data, just to kind of have the sense—as I said earlier, I think you have a
                                                                        Page 13 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
