                         TRANSCRIPT
really have to change something to make it more compatible in terms of
being more in keeping with the single-story character of the neighborhood?

Mr. Lait: You'd have the same tools that the Staff has, and that's the IR
Guidelines that we use to evaluate two-story homes in the City.

Council Member Holman: We would be faced with the same kinds of issues
that we've had many complaints about and appeals, because we don't have
any other standards by which to make decision.

Mr. Lait: Again, it's the IR Guidelines that are in place right now.       That's
how we'd look at that.

Council Member Holman: The answer to the question—somebody could
appeal a project. If it came forward, that isn't going to resolve anything for
anyone, maybe not even the applicant, because there's going to be a
neighbor versus neighbor situation set up again. I appreciate City Manager's
comments about how many projects we have in the pipeline. We're, in the
near future, going to have a meeting of the whole. At that time, we'll be
setting some priorities. We can look at this potentially being one of those or
a Eichler overlay district being one of them or not as the Council majority
decides. As to shrinking the neighborhood, that's been done several times
in the past. It's not anti what our process has been. It's been an
established process that's happened a number of times. I would support an
interim SSO because, I think, it's really important what happens in the
meantime. What happens in the meantime in this neighborhood, as in some
others, is really critical because this is a flood zone. If we don't have some
kind of design standards—I don't know how many of you have seen single-
family homes that have been built next to single-story homes when they're
in the flood zone. With that additional elevation, how absolutely jarring the
result is. It is just that; it is absolutely jarring. I think we do need an
interim ordinance. Whether that's six months or a year, I don't know
exactly. I'm open to either one. I don't think it would be a matter of
extensive Staff work, because we do have other Eichler overlays from which
to draw. I think, because of the neighbors, because nobody knows the
neighborhood more than those who live in it, I think the neighbors have
identified what the exceptions might be already that might need to be
addressed. I think those are my comments. Basically, I would support an
interim SSO. I guess we can't give specific direction on going to create an
overlay. We could ask that to come back to Council in a timely manner.

Mayor Burt: I'll wade in with a few comments. First, this is probably the
most difficult single story overlay submittal that I've encountered, and that
goes back 18 years to a number that we had on the Planning Commission

                                                                       Page 64 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
