                          TRANSCRIPT
I don't think it's compatible from that perspective. Again, I think my
colleagues already agreed with me. I do think the bottom floor should be
ground-floor retail. I think that was the intent of our Retail Protection
Ordinance. In that ordinance, we said that the public's health, safety and
welfare are detrimentally affected and related uses are priced out by rising
rents. I think the intent really was to protect retail on the ground floor. We
talked about impacts in the ordinance of health benefit impacts with
increased traffic congestion, vehicle miles traveled and greenhouse gas
emissions. I think those apply here. Finally, in the parking, I actually
attended the ARB preview of this project back in November of 2014. Back at
that time, it needed 119 parking spaces. Tonight we heard, because part of
it is in a defunct parking assessment, we lowered that parking to 108. That
just doesn't make sense to me. We're lowering the parking, but we're not
collecting fees to build a garage because the Assessment District is closed.
We're at least 15 spaces short and potentially more given office densities.
Finally, the CN district is really for neighborhood-serving retail. The CN zone
talks about types of uses. I feel like this is just too much building for a CN
environment.       I think there are some positives that my colleagues
mentioned, but that doesn't mean it meets the requirements. For those
reasons, I don't think I can meet the site and design findings.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'll be specific here. For me, it's actually more the
ARB findings that can't be met. Specifically it's—they're lumped together in
the Staff Report here.      It does not promote orderly and harmonious
development in the City. Council Member DuBois noted how this is a block-
long development that has two different design components; one of them
being quite dominant of the whole. I think it's 240 or so feet; I didn't find it,
but I kind of measured it out. I cannot make compatibility and character,
Finding Number 2 that design is compatible with the immediate environment
of the site. I cannot make Finding 4. This finding of compatibility with
unified character is not applicable, it says here, but I don't agree with that
because there are patterns of development on El Camino and, I would say
on—Grant is the north side? Or is that Sherman? Sherman. If you look at
the drawings in the plan sets, if you look at how much bulk and mass there
is to those buildings or to the building on the Sherman side, it has no
relationship whatsoever to the other buildings on Sherman, none. Also
Finding Number 5, the design promotes harmonious transitions in scale and
character in areas between different designated land uses. Finding Number
6, the design is compatible with approved improvements both on and offsite.
I think I've already spoken to that. Just look at the context. There's no
relationship. I would say that if this project gets approved the way it's
designed, then we're going to set up the standard so that the next projects
                                                                         Page 53 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
