                         TRANSCRIPT
minimum, they may be amongst those that would benefit from the Eco Pass
at a very low cost. That's one thing that I would like to encourage you to do
sooner rather than later, roll those employees into that very low cost Eco
Pass system so that you can soon get data on how effective was that. That's
certainly not going to serve East Palo Alto, and that's going to be one of the
things we're going to have to figure out. How do we give better transit
service really north/south, but we kind of think of it east/west, for those
workers? Thank you very much. We look forward to hearing the results of
both your surveys and how effective the first phase of these programs
become. Thank you for your presentation and your work.

Ms. Jarvis: Thank you.

4.   Update on the Formation of             the   Downtown     Transportation
     Management Association (TMA).

Mayor Burt:    Our next item is our other update on Transportation
Management Analysis, our Downtown TMA. Welcome Joshuah. Who would
like to begin?

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official: I'll begin. I want to thank you
for having us this evening. I'm joined to my right by Wendy Silvani and Rob
George who are going to make a little presentation after I do a brief
introduction. Jessica Sullivan unfortunately is under the weather today. She
was not able to present on this topic. I'm doing my best to fill in for her.
I've briefed myself on all the developments up until today. I'll be glad to
answer any questions. Hillary's also here if we have any questions that I
can't answer. You've seen this slide a couple of times to date. We just like
to put this in there because we always want to reinforce that the TMA is part
of a greater picture to reduce SOV trips Downtown. We've done a lot of
work on the RPP recently. We're going to be coming to you shortly with
some updates on the parking wayfinding and the parking technology. We
just had a highly successful set of public meetings on the Palo Alto shuttle
restructuring last week. We had about 40 attendees during the day, and we
held an afternoon session and an evening session.            Both had great
attendance. Just an overview and a background of the formation of the
TMA. There was a Colleagues Memo back in 2013 as well as a Study
Session. Staff received formal direction to create a TMA back in February
2014. In August 2014, we brought to you a contract with MIG and Silvani
Associates. That was the result of a competitive procurement process where
Staff actually ranked MIG and Ms. Silvani as the most highly qualified
candidates. At that point in time, we asked them to actually form a team
and begin work on the TMA. That contract had a Task 1 which was to
convene a steering committee and also form the TMA. There was also a lot

                                                                        Page 32 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
