                          TRANSCRIPT
deprived the owner of some enjoyment of a larger backyard. They also
noted the lack of neighborhood concerns with the application. The matter is
before the City Council this evening. Options that are available to you are to
support the Record of Land Use Action that's included in your packet. That
Record of Land Use Action would uphold the variance request and grant the
five foot encroachment into the contextual setback. You may direct Staff to
prepare a new Record of Land Use Action to deny the variance request. That
concludes Staff's report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before proceeding, I just wanted to give members
of the Council an opportunity to disclose any ex parte discussions that they
may have had with either the applicant or other members of the public on
this item. I see no disclosures. We have two speaker cards at this time.
They're actually both from the applicant's team. The applicant and the
applicant's attorney will have a combined 10 minutes to speak. This is John
Klopf in conjunction with the attorney for the applicant, Dori Yob. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 8:21 P.M.

Dori Yob, Attorney for the Applicant: Thank you. Before you start my time,
if I could just make sure we have the technology all organized here. It looks
like we're all set here. Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. My
name is Dori Yob. I'm an attorney with the law firm of Hopkins and Carley.
My law firm represents the applicants in this matter, Bogdan and Oana
Cocosel, who are here in the Council chambers this evening. Mr. and
Mrs. Cocosel have been residents of the Palo Alto community for 10 years
and are looking forward to building their first home which, as was pointed
out, is compliant with all Codes and approved by Planning with this one issue
outstanding. Also with us is John Klopf from Klopf Architecture who will do
the majority of the presentation this evening. I'm here to begin the
presentation by just setting the legal framework in which this matter comes
before you. I want to do that by turning your attention to the relevant
language of the Municipal Code, so you can bear in mind the standard you're
being asked to apply tonight. The section I want to refer you to is
18.76.030 which sets forth the purpose of a variance. It states in (b)(2)
that the purpose is to "provide a way to grant relief where strict application
of the zoning regulations would subject development of a site to substantial
hardships, constraints or practical difficulties that do not normally arise with
sites in the same vicinity. What does that mean? Case law defines hardship
as a circumstance that puts the landowner at a disadvantage vis a vis other
landowners in the area due to particular (inaudible) of the size, shape, grade
of the parcel. Case law also tells us that any variance granted must be in
harmony with the intent of the zoning laws. As you will see tonight from the
architect's presentation, this variance is appropriate and in harmony with the
                                                                          Page 26 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
