                         TRANSCRIPT
collisions occur. These traffic calming measures, the roundabouts, can help
to eliminate the conflict points.      Studies show that there's a direct
correlation between feelings of personal safety and the number and
percentage of weekly trips taken by bike. I urge you to continue your
leadership, increase the already high percentage of bike ridership in Palo
Alto, and approve these important projects. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. David Coale to be followed by Richard Brand.

David Coale: David Coale, member of Carbon Free Palo Alto and Bike Palo
Alto. I support the Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan before you this evening.
This plan has been vetted many times by Staff each step of the way along
with many community meetings, and needs to move forward. In looking at
the report, I think Staff did an excellent job in assessing the parking
impacts, which seems to be one of the issues here. Staff did drill down and
identify the potential problems and identified in most cases more than twice
the parking needed to solve the problem only one block away. For those
that would argue that another parking study should be done after the RPP is
in place, I would suggest that, since the RPP is to make more parking
available, this will only be easier once the RPP is implemented, and we do
not need another parking study with more costs, more delay, more Staff
time and expense. We need to move forward with this plan. As our Chief
Sustainability Officer has mentioned many times, we have to make other
modes of transportation more attractive than driving. This is exactly what
this plan is trying to do. If we are going to address climate change where
transportation accounts for 60 percent of our greenhouse gases, we need to
move forward with the Bike Ped Plan as expeditiously as possible. This well-
vetted plan will increase a cleaner and healthier form of transportation by
making it safer for everyone. Please approve this plan without delay. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Richard Brand to be followed by Celine Heck.

Richard Brand: Good evening. I am here to reinforce what I wrote in my
email to you. This plan is not yet ready. Three weeks ago when this came
up on the Consent Calendar, several of us said there's more work to be done
here. I have to say that myself and Neilson Buchanan and Michael Hodos
who were RPP—I guess we're emeritus stakeholders—sent an email to
Mr. Mello and said, "Would you please talk to us about parking?" No
response. I think there's work to be done here. It also shows in the lack of
answers to several of your excellent questions. I think your questions were
well founded. I think this thing growing from 282 pages to over 600 pages
says that there's a lot of new stuff in here, and it has not been vetted with
the residents and people in the City. I absolutely support the Bike Plan. I

                                                                      Page 40 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
