                          TRANSCRIPT
That's, again, a regulatory issue that I think the Council could ask us to
pursue. Back to your specific questions in the comments. I'm going to do
the best I can with a really old degree in historic preservation that hasn't
been exercised that much in recent years, and then ask Jonathan to pile on
with some more up-to-date observations about this. You've talked about the
Secretary of the Interior Standards need to be included in the Guidelines. I
think we have done that.          With the changes in Attachment B, we've
increased their prominence by moving them forward in the book. They're
also, I hope you noticed, referenced in the resolution that we're asking
Council to adopt. That resolution would be bound with the final version of
these Guidelines as well as all the changes that we're asking you to approve
this evening. Your suggestion that we not just rely on compatibility, I think,
is a little bit misreading of what we've suggested here. We are hoping that
these Guidelines help people interpret the Secretary of the Interior
Standards as they apply in Professorville. Compatibility is important for
Standard Number 9 about new features and new construction in historic
districts. It is relevant to these Guidelines and something, I think, we hope
and we feel the Guidelines address appropriately. You have talked about
this 1940 date and the relevance of that. That's kind of the outside limit of
the period of significance for the Historic District, so it's meaningful for these
Guidelines in a way that the Eichler districts that you referred to might have
a later period of significance. Structures that predate or postdate that might
not be as important. The Guidelines, I think, are intended to lay out and
inform decision-making for homeowners and for the City about resources
within the District, whether or not they predate or postdate that period of
significance. There's a whole chapter specifically on how to treat changes
that apply to structures outside of that period of significance. You point out
that we don't address the matter of contributors or non-contributors. I think
it's a little bit tied up in this question of period of significance. We didn't
truthfully have the budget to do extensive additional surveys within the
District, but we tried to provide clear guidance that would help property
owners and the City consider changes that are proposed within the District
regardless of the structures that they affect. You talked about making
single-story projects subject to Individual Review. That, again, is something
that we could pursue as a regulatory change subsequent to or in addition to
adopting the Guidelines. You've also talked about a number of things that, I
think, we could certainly add to Attachment B and include in the Guidelines.
A reference to incentives that the City offers, the Home Improvement
Exception (HIE) process and the Mills Act, for example. The State Historic
Building Code I would put in that category as well. There's no question that
the Council could ask us to include those somewhere in here. Let's see. I'm
running out of steam on what I can answer here. The other things that you
brought up that we could potentially address in additional editorial changes
and changes to the figures in one case are the point you've raised about
                                                                          Page 62 of 120
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/24/16
