                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Tom, I was kind of counting on you for a little
more there, to buy me some time.

Mayor Burt: Do you want me to go next?

Council Member Berman: No, I'll go. Council Member Holman, a couple of
questions. I'm not an architect, and this is not my area of expertise by any
stretch of the imagination. I'm struggling to process all of this on the fly,
which is my main uncomfortability [sic]. I guess I kind of wish some of
these changes would go by the ARB to the extent that any of them are big
changes to what they discussed and came up with. Maybe they aren't.
That's kind of where I'll start my questions. In "D2" you changed "respects
and integrates existing natural features and the historic character including
historic resources of the area." You changed it from "when appropriate" to
"when relevant." Does Staff or does the ARB or somebody have an idea for
what's the definition of "relevant" or what are the criteria for "relevant" and
how is that different from "appropriate"?

Mayor Burt: That's under which one again?

Council Member Berman: It's "D2," the big "2." This third part, I think. No,
the second part, excuse me. I don't know if that's for Staff or for Council
Member Holman or who.

Council Member Holman: If you want to ask me, it's like "when appropriate"
seemed like—"appropriate" seemed like it was a little more vague than what
I think the ARB would be using and the Staff would be using. When it's
relevant, it means that something is applicable, to my way of looking at it.
Maybe a bit of semantics, but that's why I changed it from "applicable" to
"relevant."

Council Member Berman: From "appropriate." Does Staff ...

Council Member Holman: Excuse me, from "appropriate" to "relevant." I'm
sorry.

Council Member Berman: No, I'm with you. How would Staff instruct the
ARB to interpret that, I guess?

Mr. Lait: Council Member Berman, in which specific section are you talking
about? (inaudible) Number 2 here?

Council Member Berman: It's "D2," the big "2," where it says "in regards to
historic resources of the area when relevant." There's been controversy


                                                                         Page 26 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
