                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I have no trouble then adding the reference to the
State of California Historic Building Code. I missed the understanding of
why, if we add the incentives which are already in this Code to this—what's
the point of that? I understand the Building Code; that makes sense to me.

Council Member Holman: Again, it's to point people to those incentives,
because it can help them make decisions about their project development.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm fine with it.

Council Member Kniss: I'm fine with it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to add
references to incentives to the Guidelines and reference to the State of
California Historic Building Code.” (New Part C)

Council Member Holman: Thanks.

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to adopt:

A.    A Resolution adopting the Professorville Historic District Design
      Guidelines (Guidelines) with the list of corrections and edits provided
      in the Staff Report; and

B.    A finding that this action is exempt from review under the California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) per Section 15308 (Actions By
      Regulatory Agencies for the Protection of the Environment); and

C.    Direct Staff to add references to incentives to the Guidelines and
      reference to the State of California Historic Building Code.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights. We can vote on this Motion and then
entertain the subsequent Motion that Council Member Holman has in mind.
That passes 7-1 with Council Member Holman voting no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, DuBois absent

Vice Mayor Scharff: I should have asked that question first. (inaudible)

Council Member Holman:      You could surely tell by my comments earlier.
You could surely tell.

Mayor Burt: It's not horse trading. Council Member Holman, did you want
to offer your other Motion?
                                                                      Page 69 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
