                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Pat, I'm trying to get a sense of where we're going
on this. You want us to still stay within this so-called technical range as
much as possible?

Mayor Burt: This is technical questions, then we'll hear from members of
the public, and then we'll come back for discussion that we'll probably break
up into two parts.

Council Member Kniss: Let me keep it technical then, as technical as I can.
If not, just say off the range. Looking at the South of Forest Area (SOFA)
map that you included on this, I know that both Pat and Karen know a lot
about this one. This indicates on here, I presume, what was devised at that
time. Was there any indication then of where retail would be or not be?
Was that stipulated or is what I’m seeing here something different than
that? It's the attachment that's on Page 303.

Ms. Gitelman: As I understand the SOFA controls—I'm not an expert in this
by any means—there are some areas of SOFA where an existing retail use
cannot be converted to another use. That is not true of these sites that
we're talking about this evening.

Council Member Kniss: The two sites in question tonight, Anthropologie and
100 Addison, are not subject to a long-term retail use under the SOFA plan.
Did I misunderstand?

Ms. Gitelman: No, I think that's correct. The retail protections that are
preventing them from converting at this point are in the Interim Ordinance,
not in the underlying zoning.

Council Member Kniss: If the Ordinance were to be renewed, would that
continue to affect those properties?

Ms. Gitelman: Again, this gets to the question that Council Member DuBois
just asked.

Council Member Kniss: Pat answered it. That's a big help. Currently of our
openings, I'm counting three on Alma. Is that correct? Right now, North
Face has shut down and the other two.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member Kniss: I don't see North Face on your list tonight, and I
don't know what their address is.



                                                                      Page 51 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
