                            TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Minor: A.C. Johnston with nine votes, Judith Schwartz with six votes
and Terry Trumbull with six votes were all elected to the full-term UAC
positions.

Mayor Burt: We will now vote for the one-year for the Utilities Advisory
Commission.     While we do that, we will go forward with Oral
Communications.

First Round of voting for one position on the Utilities Advisory Commission
with a term ending May 31, 2017:

Voting For Chris DiBona:

Voting For Lisa Forssell:           Berman, Burt, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach

Voting For Henrik Morkner:

Voting For William Ross:            DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Schmid

Ms. Minor: Lisa Forssell with five votes has been appointed to the unexpired
term that ends 5/31/2017 on the Utilities Advisory Commission.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Congratulations to all the candidates, and thank
you to all the candidates who applied for the positions and went through the
interview process.

Study Session

2.    Council Study Session on Sea Level Rise (Continued to May 31, 2016).

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: We had initially scheduled a Study Session on Sea Level Rise.
This item has been continued to Tuesday, May 31st of this year. We have
no other Agenda changes, so we can now go on to City Manager Comments.
Mr. Keene.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and Council Members. I
wanted to share with the Council—in fact, actually more importantly with our
community and the public. Next on your Agenda you have a Study Session
which is a prescreening related to a project at the address 550 Hamilton.
You've been getting a lot of emails in relation to that project. I did just want
to clarify the purpose for pre-screenings in general, because I think that
there might be confusion in our community about this process itself and
                                                                          Page 3 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
