                         TRANSCRIPT
in a lot of ways, because it has its own path and momentum. Arguably, that
could be one that we would be talking about as a Priority this coming year until
we've adopted it.     I'm interested in breaking up the Built Environment,
separating mobility or transportation from the rest of the Built Environment, as
well as whether Infrastructure should move into a category of an execution
phase and not have to have a designated Priority.

D.    Action: Final Grouping into Priorities, Vote and Approval.

Mayor Burt: Now, let's loop back. We've heard each other; we've had a
chance to think about it a bit. Unfortunately, it won't be until after lunch that
we get to do that, because lunch is about both the Staff work plan and the
special meetings of the Council. Let's now come back to discussion and
motions. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I want to make sure I don't put words in your
mouth. It sounds like there was at least the consideration maybe in the long
term of looping Infrastructure under the Built Environment. I wonder if maybe
we should explore that possibly today, maybe moving Infrastructure under the
Built Environment and saying that the main foci within that would be housing
and infrastructure and then pulling mobility out of Built Environment to replace
Infrastructure as our fourth Priority, maintaining Comp Plan completion and
Healthy Cities as the two others. That's not a motion yet, but that's the
direction I'm leaning.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think Council Member Wolbach took my thoughts out of
my head right there. I think that would make sense. I want to make sure that
we complete our Infrastructure Plan; that's very important. We promised the
voters; I don't need to go into all that. I think we move it under the Built
Environment to recognize that we really are in the implementation phase,
frankly, more than anything else.         As long as we keep focused on the
implementation phase, I think moving it under the Built Environment makes a
lot of sense. As I said earlier, I think mobility is very important, and we should
pull out of the Built Environment and have that as our fourth. I will make that
motion, that we have a separate Priority for mobility and that we take
Infrastructure and we move it under the Built Environment.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to adopt the following Council Priorities for 2016:


                                                                           Page 37 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
