                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. French: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: This may be more of a question for the City Attorney. One of
the residents who wrote to the Council had made points about whether
CC&Rs had discontinued to be enforced in any way, and that the evidence
was the multiple two-story homes in the neighborhood. When I go back to
our original basis for setting up single-story overlays and the two thresholds,
one was on the neighborhoods with CC&Rs, an assumption that those CC&Rs
were enforceable and that our Ordinances would provide a mechanism other
than neighbors suing neighbors to be able to enforce those CC&Rs. I want
to understand if we have a neighborhood where CC&Rs for a long period of
time have not been enforced and have multiple two-story homes, does that
change the ability of a private property to attempt to enforce the CC&Rs? I
appreciate I'm asking you for not guidance on a City legal action, but what
private parties would have a right to do which would influence our decision-
making.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Burt. From a
going forward perspective, the CC&Rs still exist on the property.             If
somebody builds a two-story house in violation of the CC&Rs, it is still
possible to privately enforce that for a prospective basis. Going back, it's a
little different. There are two sets of CC&Rs that govern this tract. We did
take a look at the CC&Rs. One of the CC&Rs governing the tracts says that
once a two-story house or other type of house that is built in violation of the
CC&Rs is constructed, and there is no lawsuit following a certain period of
time, I believe it's 18 months, the house can remain. That's a contractual
issue that ...

Mayor Burt: Can I pause and ask a follow-up on that part before you
continue with the other?

Ms. Silver: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Based on what we just heard from Ms. French in response to
Council Member Holman's question, does that mean that our Ordinance
would be more restrictive than the CC&Rs? Under CC&Rs alone, it could not
have retroactive enforcement for the home that had built a two-story. If we
adopted the Ordinance, it would be retroactive under willful demolition.

Ms. Silver: Yes, that is correct as to the parcels that are governed by that
set of CC&Rs. Yes, that's correct.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible) had another one.


                                                                         Page 52 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
