                           TRANSCRIPT
problems or how to do that. The other big theme I see is that whatever we
do, however we add housing for whichever groups, we have to be really
thoughtful about what the impacts are on our R-1 neighborhoods and on
quality of life throughout the City. My big picture thoughts on this is that
when we're talking about housing programs, which we're talking about
housing programs (inaudible) tonight. When we're talking about housing,
we really ought to think of it as a three-legged stool. Leg 1 of that is the
total supply. Leg 2 of that is having as many BMR units as possible. Leg 3
is preservation. This is in part for Council Member Holman, but something
I've thought for a long time. We really need to talk about preservation both
of the supply that you have and also preserving opportunities for people who
are here now to remain here. Just anecdote that I heard recently. I met
somebody who had just left Palo Alto. He'd lived here for many years with
his wife and their kids. They got divorced. As two separate incomes, they
were able to together afford to live Palo Alto. They're no longer able to.
Now there's the question of where are the kids going to go, what's going to
happen to the family. I think that's just one more example of the kinds of
people who are hurt by the crisis that we have. Of course, in the context of
this, I think we should keep a real laser-like focus on the potential negative
and the potential positive impacts of housing with traffic and parking really
at the top of the list, but also including parks, utilities, schools, City finances
as well as the aesthetics of design and making sure that the process really
includes the community, which is why I think that coordinated area plans,
especially for the Fry's site but potentially for San Antonio Road, potentially
for South El Camino Real or other sites, is a smart way to include the
community at a high level and at a deep level in planning. Just a couple of
things though. I want to go back to this total supply issue. From 1970 to
2010, Palo Alto's population grew by about 15 percent. If I'm wrong on
these numbers, feel free to correct me. My understanding is Palo Alto's
population grew by about 15 percent from 1970 to 2010. Santa Clara
County's population grew by 62 percent during that same timeframe. I'd
like to address this anti-housing fallacy that market rate housing does
nothing to address housing cost in the region. The California Legislative
Analyst's Office and academic research increasingly confirm what logic tell
us. If there isn't enough market rate housing, then people who could afford
higher-end market rate units move instead into what would have been
lower-end market rate housing. Because they can afford to pay more, the
lower end of the market becomes more expensive. This means the people
who can afford only the mid to low-ranges of the market are squeezed into
overcrowding housing or out of our City or out of the region entirely.
Obviously this isn't a Palo Alto problem. This is a regional problem. It's a
classic collective action problem. If ever city says we want jobs, but we
don't want homes for years, we end up with the housing crisis. That's where
we are. Palo Alto can, however, do our part to not—even if we can't make
                                                                           Page 84 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 3/21/16
