                           TRANSCRIPT
D.    Determine whether the Crescent Park neighborhood should be
      annexed into the Downtown RPP or if a separate RPP should be created
      for the neighborhood.

Vice Mayor Scharff: On Edgewood I was going see if anyone else wants to
handle that.

Mr. Keene: If I just might say something. It's maybe a little unfair to Staff
for me to be speaking this way. I think that the urgency related to the main
purpose, first of all, of this item was to get a prioritization by the Council on
these applications. That Evergreen, then Southgate, then Crescent Park,
then Edgewood. I would say even in the lateral two we have probably a
little bit more validation that would need to take place. There's two ways we
can do this. One would be for you to clearly say on those first two tonight
that you're not dismissing these other two this year. That's one of the
concerns, that the Ordinance spoke about one a year. I think people
misinterpreted that as saying that was going to pit neighborhood against
neighborhood and there was only going to be one winner. Clearly it's in the
Council's purview to establish stuff. The only thing I worry a little bit about
is you say all four of them, and we go away and there's confusion about are
we doing them simultaneously, where's our application. We do have a lot of
the same people working on this. If you did want to leave it the way the
Vice Mayor is saying it, I do think we want to be very clear that there's a
sequencing piece here that we would be—we're going to have a lot of the
same people working on these same things. We want to be clear that we're
dealing with the most critical and the most impacted first. Maybe there's a
way we report to the Council.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I completely agree with you, Jim. I meant it to be
they're the most impacted, Evergreen and Southgate. Mostly because
Southgate has that extra few months in there. I don't want Southgate to
walk away from this thinking they're a year away. That's not what I mean
by that.

Mr. Keene: I think there are things that can be done.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think it's sequencing, Evergreen, Southgate, Crescent
Park and Edgewood.

Mr. Keene:   I understand by the proposed Motion at least the basic
recommendation would be to follow your existing ordinance that you have
right now.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

                                                                        Page 105 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
