                          TRANSCRIPT
this program is nationally leading in many regards. It's been a model for
other districts that are using the tools we've used. The efforts that have
been done here have helped a lot of kids outside of our district. This
discussion that was going on was interesting, because we were hearing from
Council Members whose kids went to school a long time ago or Council
Members who went to school here some time ago. You were saying really
the mindset is different now. What they experienced with their kids is not
what our kids are really experiencing. My kids graduated more recently, and
it was the norm, and it's a positive social norm. It is the more cool thing,
not the less cool thing. Frankly, from a practical standpoint, I don't know if
any of you have tried to drive to Paly at peak hour. I had a couple of times
last year where I had to take my car because I had another meeting outside
of town right after going to 25 Churchill. Each time I was late by 10-15
minutes to the meeting because I drove rather than biked. There's no
comparison at getting to school especially; it's far faster. There were a lot of
questions about what else we might do. Actually I think we do have some
things in the pipeline that will help bring this forward. One is we are looking
at Residential Permit Parking programs next week including for Southgate,
because we have overflow parking from Paly at Southgate. Just like when
we close off parking for commuters for Downtown in the overflowing into the
neighborhoods, they turn to alternative forms of transportation. In this
case, we've got an easier alternative form. There's really nobody in Palo
Alto who isn't in pretty easy biking distance to their school. On top of that,
they arrive to school refreshed and more ready to learn. There's a lot of
good reasons to do it. I think we'll see an uptick there. Then, we're adding
and improving our bike routes. On the Gunn side, the routes that we're
improving not only on Charleston-Arastradero but through Barron Park
neighborhood are also going to be good improvements. I'm very hopeful
that we'll see an uptick in there as well. Finally, when we look at this from a
community standpoint in the investment, my ballpark is that the difference
between what we would have in bike riding to school if we didn't have this
program and what we have with the program is about 6,000 fewer car trips
per day in our community. Everybody in the community who drives a car
should be ecstatic about this program, because without it our congestion
would be even far worse. One other thing. I think Council Member DuBois
had the really good idea to have you present to the Board of Education;
maybe you can take the lead on encouraging the School Board Members to
embrace that. Sylvia alluded to something that we've seen a number of
times over the years where one of the reasons that we're capped and we hit
some plateaus at schools periodically, and they've gotten better at this, is
because the School District couldn't even keep up with supplying enough
bike racks. I say that because this program is supported in some ways by
the School District, but it's really driven by the City of Palo Alto and the
volunteers through the PTA program and not by our School District who is
                                                                         Page 12 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
