                         TRANSCRIPT
because we know that our long-term stewardship of the land is based on the
future generations having the same values. There's a lot of emphasis on
diversity, working with Latino Outdoors, so diversity, youth, and health.
There's a lot of important partners that we work with. I just wanted to point
out that we have a great website of course. There's a lot of great docent
walks if you wanted to join us. Midpen. is on the move, and I hope you all
join us out in the preserve as well. Thank you. If there's any questions, I'm
happy to take them.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Hi, Yoriko.

Ms. Kishimoto: Hello.

Council Member Kniss: Near and dear to my heart is the Bay Trail. Are you
saying there is enough money now to do the connection or did I not hear
that correctly?

Ms. Kishimoto: I believe there is enough money. I guess we're—yes,
there's $1 million from the San Mateo County side, our $400,000 and I
believe like $700,000 from Measure AA. There should be enough money. I
guess we're waiting for a lot of permitting from CPUC (California Public
Utilities Commission) and many other steps.

Council Member Kniss: At one point, Facebook had agreed to some amount.
I don't know if that's still the case or not.

Ms. Kishimoto: I don't quite remember.

Council Member Kniss: Maybe you could find out and let us know, if you
would. We tried to fund that in full at the County, but I don't know where it
ended up.

Ms. Kishimoto: I will be happy to get back to you.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Yes, thank you. Yoriko, if you could go back to
the partnership slide please. I don't remember the discussions that took
place in this, if there was a discussion, about how one becomes a partner. I
noticed that glaringly absent here are any of the cities or the counties.
What's the criteria for becoming a partner? For instance, we're doing our
Parks Master Plan which includes our open space areas. There's interaction
                                                                       Page 4 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/25/16
