                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just very briefly. Four of us went to and electeds
from other communities went to an event last Friday morning led by
Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom regarding an initiative that he's trying to
get on the ballot regarding gun and ammunition safety. I will just hand each
of you who weren't there a card that you might want to consider.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just because of all the people that were here
today, I want to let Staff know I am working on a Colleagues Memo for
Evergreen Park. I would like to discuss that with you guys.

Mayor Burt: I just want to note that yesterday I was able to attend the 85th
anniversary of the Palo Alto Players. I was reminded that the Lucie Stern
Community Theatre was built to accommodate them, and that they were the
first community theatre on the Peninsula. It's a very rich heritage.

At this time Council returned to Agenda Item 12.

12.   Adoption of an Ordinance to add Section 10.50.085 (Eligibility Areas)
      and to Amend Section 10.50.090 (Modification or Termination of
      Districts) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code Relating to Residential
      Parking Programs; Adoption of a Resolution Amending Resolution 9473
      to Implement Phase 2 of the Downtown Residential Preferential
      Parking (RPP) District Pilot Program; Approval of Contract Amendment
      to SP Plus for $94,000 for Additional Services for Parking Permits and
      On-Site Customer Service, Approval of Contract Amendment to SERCO
      for $60,000 for Enforcement of Expanded Area of Downtown RPP
      District, Approval of Contract Amendment to McGuire Pacific
      Constructors for $154,500 for Construction Services for Expanded Area
      of Downtown RPP District, Approval of Budget Amendments in the
      General Fund, Residential Parking Permit Fund, and Capital
      Improvement Fund, Approval of the RPP Administrative Guidelines.
      These Actions are Exempt From the California Environmental Quality
      Act (CEQA) Pursuant to Sections 15061(b)(3) and 15301 of the CEQA
      Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: Now we'll return to Item Number 14B, formerly Item Number
12. Turning the meeting over to Council Member Schmid.

Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff, Council Member Berman, and Council
Member Holman left the meeting at 10:15 P.M.

                                                                     Page 77 of 125
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/1/16
