                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Ramberg: I have not seen anything on that. I do recall hearing that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did briefly want to ask you another technical question.
The restaurant organizations have asked that favorable changes made to
Labor Code 351, the Ordinance would automatically change. What would
that look like if we were to put something in the Ordinance like that? Does
that work? How does that go?

Ms. Silver: Our assessment is that you could craft something like that, but
it's very difficult to foresee how Labor Code 351 would change. It would say
something like if Labor Code 351 were to change to permit a tip credit, then
the local Ordinance would allow a tip credit. However, the problem that we
have with that is that the Council hasn't had the discussion of how you
would want to implement a tip credit. Would it be via just a complete
exemption or would it be a tiered wage or some other method? It would be
difficult to foresee how that would be implemented. Of course, a subsequent
Council could amend that at any time anyway, so I'm not sure that it
provides a lot of protection for the restaurant industry.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I was also unclear about extending the learners
exemption. We have the authority to do that, I guess?

Ms. Silver: Yes. The learners exemption allows for a lower minimum wage
for a period of—I always forget the time period. I think it's 180 days. It's a
very short time period. One of the suggestions was to increase that time
period for the lower wage. You could do that. That was a suggestion that
was discussed at the restaurant meeting that we had. My understanding is
that most of the restaurants were not in favor of that. It was just one
suggestion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Maybe you could just flesh out for me—what is the
holiday/spring marketing campaign? Is there any effect that we're supposed
to put into an Ordinance or is that something that you guys just made do? I
wasn't clear.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible) legal question.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right.

Mr. Ramberg: We really haven't fleshed out any details along those lines.
The City Manager's Office has put forward that idea. We represented that as
a very high-level notion to the restaurants, but we would need more time to
flesh those ideas out.



                                                                       Page 68 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
