                          TRANSCRIPT
recovery policy. Council adopted a cost recovery policy last year, and you
established high, medium and low priority areas for cost recovery. Based on
that policy, planning activities generally fall within the group recommended
for a high level of cost recovery. It's been at least five years since the last
study was done to look at our user fees. The Department has now brought
in a consultant to review our current fees and analyze the cost of providing
planning services. The study identified the cost of providing services, but it's
up to the Council to determine if they wish to set fees at full cost recovery or
something less. Fees cannot be set to exceed the cost of providing service,
and one fee cannot be increased beyond the cost of providing the service to
make up for lowering a fee in another area. Whether or not Council decides
to choose full cost recovery is certainly left to your discretion. The City also
looked at the Department's fee structure with an eye to recommend types of
fees consistent with current workload and to make them simpler where
possible. Once costs were determined, Staff's objective was to recommend
any fee changes and suggest implementation approaches. The methodology
of the study identified the amount of time it takes for Staff to perform direct
tasks. For Staff time, productive time was computed for each position,
removing hours for sick leave, vacation, training and the like. The study
also identified operational costs, like the cost of our on-call consultants, and
indirect costs, such as the cost of managers and support Staff, as well as
Citywide overhead, like the cost of other City internal departments to help
support the activities of the Department. This resulted in suggested fee
updates and updated hourly Staff rates. Fees for services in the Planning
Department are structured in two ways: flat fees and deposit-based fees.
Flat fees cover the cost of providing the services for those activities for
which an average amount of processing time and effort can be reasonably
determined. Deposit-based fees are taken in when Staff time is expected to
vary widely as it does with some of the more complex activities. A deposit
amount listed in the Muni Fee Schedule is collected at the start of the
activity. Costs to deliver the services are drawn against the deposit. Staff is
bringing forward the Finance Committee's recommendation to right-size both
flat fees and deposit-based fees and update the hourly Staff rates applied to
deposits. Staff is also recommending modifying the structure of some fees
to streamline them and to be consistent with the way services are delivered.
In other words, flat fee and deposit-based fees. For fees that are increasing,
the Finance Committee has recommended the adjustment of deposit-based
fees and Staff hourly rates be effective with Fiscal Year '17, that would be
July 2016. Flat fees would be phased in over two years due to the
magnitude of the fee changes. The first phase of the flat-fee adjustments
would be effective with Fiscal Year '17, adding half of the suggested
increase. The second phase would be effective Fiscal Year '18, bringing
those fees into full cost recovery. Exceptions to the phasing are fees like
wireless fees and fees that are not decreasing. I think you'll see them
                                                                          Page 11 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
