                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: I think all of that would have to be negotiated and set forth in
some documents that we would put in front of the City Council to satisfy and
ensure that there really is a preference that is being implemented.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Forty-five parking spaces as opposed to 90 or 102, and
you have electric charging stations, so you expect some cars. Otherwise,
why have electric charging stations. What's your realistic belief of how
you're going to get—what is it? Half the cars, half the people roughly don't
have cars. Is that (crosstalk).

Mr. Spieker: Twenty-five percent.

Vice Mayor Scharff: How much?

Mr. Spieker: Twenty-five percent.

Vice Mayor Scharff: All right, 25 percent. Twenty-five percent wouldn't
have cars, and then it would be fully parked. Is that fair?

Mr. Spieker: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not doing the math in my head as we talk.

Mr. Spieker: Yes. There's 60 units, and there's 45 parking stalls. Fifteen of
those units would not have a parking spot.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right. The Code requires more than a 1:1 ratio. The
reason for that, I assume, is some people traditionally have two cars living
in a one-bedroom or even living in a studio if they live together. What I'm
trying to figure out is—can you just walk me through best case scenario or
whatever how you think you're going to get there on a conceptual basis?

Mr. Spieker: I fundamentally believe and we fundamentally believe that
people that are going to rent these units—call them millennials, call them
people that don't want stuff. They want a place to live. They want a place
to live close to where they work, and they don't own a car or they ride their
bike.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I actually am totally with you and think it's a great plan.
Would you be open to fines if it doesn't happen that way?

Mr. Spieker: As Jamie mentioned, in our TDM we are open to consequences,
yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's stepping up. Thanks.

                                                                        Page 11 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
