                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Is the Motion withdrawn or not?

Council Member Schmid: Yes, I'm going to withdraw it.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Members DuBois and Scharff, do you still
need to speak on this?

Council Member DuBois: I do.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, just to clarify again, I didn't see the
answers until tonight. Apologies for not giving you a heads up. I don't think
this was about new work. I think this was a clarification. I truly believe
there was a mistake or miscommunication. We can talk about that when we
get to Item 10. I just wanted to clarify that I would have described the
issue much differently in the Motion. I think, again, our intent was really
clear. I went back and looked at my notes. We never talked about putting
the same number of workers unless office space—I think we were always
talking about Scenario 5 as a low jobs growth scenario. When Council voted
to reduce that office space, I think that was clearly our intent. It was not to
have the same number of employees in 2.4 million square feet and the same
number in 2.7 million square feet. That doesn't make sense to me.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we actually need to pass this though. I'd like to
move approval, since we don't have a Motion on the board, of the
Amendment Number 6 to Contract Number, etc., etc.

Mayor Burt: I'll second that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to authorize
City Manager or his designee to execute:

A.    Amendment Number Six to contract C08025506 with Placeworks |
      DCE, increasing the amount by $410,902 for a total of $3,212,059 for
      work on the Comprehensive Plan Update; and

B.    Amendment Number One to contract S16163548 with Management
      Partners increasing the amount by $120,000 for a total of $205,000
      for related Project Management Assistance; and


                                                                       Page 16 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
