                         TRANSCRIPT
growth caps. Suppose we only grew at our historic average. How more
efficient, more simple and more effective might that be than any of the
performance measures we come up. As we go forward, that should be a
part of our discussions. The CAC, the Council and the more general public
involved in that. Assessing how performance measures work and putting
real numbers to them, not just repeating what we said in 1988, let's try
TMA, or what we said in 1998, let's try a parking assessment district and
parking garages, but concrete numbers that can carry us into the future with
a minimum impact on quality of life. I think having growth cap numbers as
part of that discussion is essential.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:        We should remind ourselves that this is an
exercise in testing a range, trying to get a broad range to evaluate. We
should look at Scenario 5 and 6 differently and really try to get that range.
If we look at the second paragraph on Page 287 and the table there, there's
this item, mitigation and sustainability measures would be adopted to
minimize impacts of new market rate housing and new nonresidential
development by requiring mitigation monitoring and enforcement. That
sounds pretty innocuous and sounds like business as usual, but that is the
performance-based zoning clause. I would just suggest we just clearer
language and call it that. I had to read it a couple of times. I'd like to see
us try a Scenario 5 without performance-based zoning and Scenario 6 with.
I thought Council Member Schmid made some good points about potential
costs and our history of trying to do these. Again, my recollection was
Scenario 5 really started as let's combine the slower growth with
sustainability measures. Somehow that evolved to include performance-
based zoning. That wasn't my intent when I made the Motion that created
Scenario 5. We did pick up the other aspects of sustainability in Scenario 4.
I'd like to suggest maybe we have separate motions for Scenario 5 and
Scenario 6. If we're ready for motions, I'd like to make a Motion around
Scenario 5 or I can wait for more comments.

Mayor Burt: Let's go one round of comments. Can we ask Director
Gitelman to follow up on your question on 5 being performance-based
zoning versus sustainability measures and what distinction should be drawn
between those two?

Ms. Gitelman: I apologize. We've been using these terms a little loosely,
mitigation, performance measure, sustainability measure. My understanding
from the Council's earlier discussions was there was some disappointment
that the Draft EIR had identified significant impacts with all the scenarios
that we analyzed and a desire to test some new scenarios that incorporated

                                                                        Page 42 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
