                          TRANSCRIPT
evidenced by new homes built nearby. Therefore, I support the single story
overlay. I thank you for your consideration.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Barb Gaarsma to be followed by Boaz Maor.

Barb Gaarsma: Hi there. I'm Barbara Gaarsma. I live at 3335 Stockton
Place, which is a street with nine homes and one two-story house. That
two-story house, as much as I adore the people how live in it, towers over
my home. I can look out two sides of my home, and there are the windows
from their house. They block my geriatric antennae. When we moved into
the house, it was 1958 and my grandmother, my parents and me. My
grandmother died there, and my parents died there. I have every intention
to die there. Right now, I'm living with two sons, two grandsons and
assorted young women who come and go. There's plenty of room for all of
us. We haven't added any more rooms. I'm sorry; I didn't mean to be
funny. We're doing great. We can expand out if we want to. Everyone else
has spoken so eloquently in favor of this SSO, and I am totally with them,
every step of the way. Please do not take Stockton off. Please don't take
Loma Verde off. I don't want to be surrounded by monster houses. My
neighbors behind me on Kenneth sure don't want it either. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Boaz Maor.

Boaz Maor: Good evening. My wife and I used to live here in Palo Alto
between '96 and 2006, then went away, came back in 2013. When we did,
we looked at many towns around the Bay Area, chose Palo Alto for the
diversity and quality of life. In particular, we felt that in most areas of the
City the enormous wealth owned by many of the residents is not paraded in
the streets and in the houses. This is specifically why we liked Midtown and
chose to live in this area. We bought a house on Janice Way. Those who
live in this street know that this house was not in livable condition when we
bought it. We spent a lot of money to renovate it and keep it in the Eichler
style because we feel that the unique style, the single-story Eichler homes,
give value not only to the property but also to the quality of life within we
live. We accommodate in this house our three kids, even though our
youngest came to us and asked if we are poor since we don't have a second
story. We also have a lot of foreign parents of myself and my wife who
come to visit us, and other relatives. We see no problem with the size of the
house that we live in. It will be a shame if this magic of the Eichler
neighborhood is getting destroyed by building a hodge-podge of different
style houses. If we don't protect it, it will be destroyed. This is one of those
things that is hard to build and so easy to destroy. Please keep the SSO
alive.


                                                                          Page 82 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
