                           TRANSCRIPT
frankly. I thank the Staff for nipping one problem. In the stakeholder group
for permit parking, there was a period there—in fact, any one time I really
lost my temper was when we'd begin to annex areas on "nine" and "10." In
fact, in a fit of passion, I called it galloping annexation. I said it was morally
wrong, it was politically wrong, it was legally wrong. It took a while, but
Staff has indeed looked at ways that we can contain the abuse that could
happen in the neighborhoods that are in "nine" and "10" zones. I do think
that we can work out some sharing of parking space in perpetuity in the
other neighborhoods zoned "one" through "eight." This could be a tedious
negotiation, but I think there's a way we can accommodate the low-wage
workers. I do not think there's any way in the long run, we have any duty
or any obligation to accommodate the high-wage workers. I'll get to the
fundamental, root cause of why this problem exists. Before I go on, I'd like
to give a shout-out to the TV land where the rest of Council presumably is
listening. I think the Council needs to meet very quickly and schedule a
meeting to fully fund the TMA. I've attended a handful of the TMA meetings.
I'll be honest with you, and this is kind of brutal language. The TMA as it's
currently (inaudible) is a dead man walking. I'm not an expert, but I would
ask the Council to get an expert on TMA and see if there's any way this TMA
can launch itself to meet the problems as they exist today. It is out of sync.
It is a very difficult, small (inaudible) TMA, but it can be done. The Council
can come up with the money to do that. Finally, I ask you to take a look at
the California Avenue business core. Evergreen Park presented earlier
today, and they genuinely have a problem just as severe as the
neighborhoods around University Avenue. The problem here is lack of
quality control. Any business that's making headway in the world today has
to have some concept of quality control. When things aren't going right, you
have to look for the root causes of why isn't the solution evolving. This is
not a new problem. Neighborhoods have been filling up. I've personally
spent close to $10,000 on legal fees, appeals. How many projects have the
residents been in front of you saying there's no parking associated with this
building. The pipeline is going to fill up. The parking lots are filling up. The
garages are filling up. Now, we're at the point of saying all the future
demand really has to go into the neighborhoods. That's pure physics; it's
not opinion. Here's two steps to move forward. One of the root causes is
the outdated Parking Assessment District in both Downtowns. I urge the
Council and the Council Members out there in TV land to find a way to have
a Study Session on exactly what is the Parking Assessment District and what
it's entitled to. I think if you get your hands around the amount of parking
assessment benefits that are in the pipeline, you'll find out that the parking
demand can get so far out of hand it's never going to be met. I've done my
best to get that surfaced. If the Council doesn't want to respond to this
request in 60 days, I frankly intend to go for a rather abusive way. I think
it's time for a grand jury investigation of what's going on. This is the
                                                                           Page 34 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/23/16
