                          TRANSCRIPT
reduce car trips, especially from service workers who have not historically
gotten the benefits available to employees of the larger corporations and use
alternatives to driving. Spending on average $330 a year to get someone
out of a car versus spending the money on 214 spots in the garage may not
be the effective approach. If the City can reduce driving by more than the
number of parking spots, that would be a reasonable strategy, since that
would also reduce traffic in addition to satisfying our parking demand.
Please allow some time to let the TMA come back with some data before
committing to this $16 million investment for something we eventually don't
want to need. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Richard Brand to be followed by Scott Lane,
speaking on Item 5.

Richard Brand, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Good evening, Council,
going into happy holidays. I hope you had a productive Study Session on
this year. It's been an interesting year. Hopefully next year will be different
interesting. Anyway, that's aside. I will speak that I think it's too soon to
push this through for Consent, Item Number 5. This is part of the three-
legged stool we've talked about so much. While I think we do need a
garage, I will say that I still am one of the Downtown RPP stakeholders. We
talked about more parking as an option. I think we probably do need a
garage. If you look at Pasadena or Santa Monica, they've solved a lot of
their problems with having more parking. It's more traffic. I think we've
got other ways to deal with the traffic and the cars. While I think that we do
need a garage, I think we need a discussion about this because it's an
interrelated issue, interrelated with permits, the TMA which a couple of
people have talked about already and then the garage and balance this. I
think it's a good Item for discussion early next year. We know we've got a
traffic problem. I encourage you Council Members to have this pulled, and
we have it as an Action Item on the calendar next year. I also am a bit
concerned with the $1.9 million design cost with Watry Design. I looked at
the document here, but I think we need more information. I'm making that
statement. Also I want to congratulate Director Gitelman for calling the
Residential Preferential Parking Program (RPP) stakeholders together again.
I think that's a good move. I think the TMA, the permit in more than just
Downtown, the permit action and looking at new garages will make a big
difference. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Scott Lane to speak on Item 5, and I see you have
a second card to speak on Item 6.

Scott Lane, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Thank you. Scott Lane. The
issues are mine and mine alone even though I'm a member of the

                                                                         Page 25 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
