                           TRANSCRIPT
much-needed equipment. Another item that is before you is the possibility
of referring to Staff to further explore possibilities for significantly increasing
the HSRAP budget in 2018. Again, this is an idea that the HRC is very
supportive of.     We have been very pleased with the generosity and
responsiveness of our City leaders, our Council Members and our City
Manager's Office in helping us revitalize the HSRAP program. We'd like to
see that work continue. Thank you very much for that consideration.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Holman: Mayor Burt?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Holman: Just quickly. I'm not sure the light was set
correctly. I don't know if the Chair has anything else to say. The light was
shorted.

Mayor Burt: Yes, you probably had more time.

Valerie Stinger, Human Relations Commission Vice Chair: Hello, I'm Valerie
Stinger. I live on Christine Drive. I'm Vice Chair of the Human Relations
Commission, and I'm speaking for the Commission this evening. As a
newbie on the Commission, during my first year I sat on the subcommittee
that interviewed mid-cycle petitions from HSRAP grantees. These were
organizations that have proven records of service to our community, that
provide important services that make our community livable, that enrich our
community, provide opportunity and make for a healthier, more inclusive
City. The hardest part of my first year was to listen to the grantees and to
respond, "We can't. We can't." There are two items before you that would
appropriately change that response. The HRC in our discussion supports
both the funding for emergency funds and identifying options for increasing
HSRAP funding in the Fiscal Year 2018. With regard to the first, the funding
for emergency needs addresses constraints of the existing budget while
maintaining the budget reserve to address potential budget fluctuations
during future economic cycles. Establishing an emerging needs fund allows
the HRC with Staff and with Council approval to respond to emergency
needs. We heard one example. Another example would be senior nutrition.
Some existing programs have cut their funding for senior nutrition, and we
can't respond to fill in the gap. With regard to the second, a study is
initiated to identify options for increasing the HSRAP process during Fiscal
Year 2018.      HRC can be available to you as a resource to provide
background, data, analyses, working with Staff to answer any of your
questions as you identify options for us and provide recommendations.
Thank you.
                                                                               Page 18 of 100
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
