                          TRANSCRIPT
There is cigarettes, there is this. It looks like more the country that I come
from. It's improving actually there. We don't need to put up with it. I think
we need to punish them with a nice fine ticket for $500, second time
offense. I think you need to look into that. I'm going to expand this request
to the 24th District Assembly, but I plan to also encourage our sister
communities not to allow this trash in this area. The second thing is I go to
a chiropractor here on University Avenue. They tell me that the workers do
not have a way to park for six hours or seven hours. They have to every
two hours go and check their parking permit. For a city like Palo Alto, we
are gifted to have all this tax money, this and that. I think we should have
free parking for the employees that work their service. There is absolutely
no need for them to need to go every two hours and change the parking
permits and check on it. It just adds more stress to them, more blood
pressure, more medicine. Imagine, they're all working nicely. We all will be
benefited. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid:      Thank you.   I have no other speakers for Oral
Communication.

Consent Calendar

Council Member Schmid: We move to item Number One, Consent Calendar.
Tom.

Council Member DuBois I'd like to actually propose we switch the Agenda
around and consider the Consent Item after Item Two. I think they're tied
together, and my support of Item One kind of depends on the conversation
in Item Two.

Council Member Schmid: I'm willing to second that. I believe we need three
members.

Council Member Kniss: I don't know what you mean.

Council Member Schmid: To pull or to change the Agenda.

Council Member Kniss: I think we'd have to ask Molly with five of us.

Council Member Schmid: Can the item be switched on the Consent Calendar
to later in the Agenda?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: I'm pausing because in my five years of
working with you, we've never taken the Consent Calendar after the Action
Calendar. Your rules and procedures do provide for three to pull an item
from Consent and place it on Action. To switch the Agenda order, I think,

                                                                          Page 3 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
