                          TRANSCRIPT
There are a few pieces to that. One is there's a bit of a conflict between
using the 10-cent rate and minimizing—as stated here, purchase the lowest
cost environmental offset. There's that gap between the 4 cents and the 10
cents that we were trying to reconcile. That's one. The other is what any
increase in revenue could be used for. As the City Attorney pointed out, our
assumption, the baseline, is that we're operating within the bounds of Prop
26, which says that we effectively could only use those funds—the funds are
for the delivery of this service. Again, a bit of a conflict for us in identifying
uses that would justify—this is not stated correctly—the additional revenue.
That's where we have been challenged to identify a way to meet all of the
elements of the Finance Committee's recommendation, which is where we
took a stab on Slide 13, as you pointed to and as the City Attorney pointed
out and Council Member Schmid, in looking at the potential value of taking a
little more time in evaluating what some of those options would be. The last
recommendation including consulting with stakeholders on methods to fund
alternatives to offsets including methods that could require voter approval is
where we took that extra step of saying, "I don't think we're quite ready to
definitively state what those uses would be." We might suggest some
additional analysis and some additional time to identify what those options
and paths forward would be.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to make sure I really understood.
Basically we can look into that and we're not sure yet, but we're able to
investigate that question for the future.

Mr. Shikada: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for clarifying.

Mayor Burt: Let me follow up on some of those questions on other uses or
other sources of funds to be able to achieve some of the objectives that we
might have to reduce our natural gas use in the City. First, we have a
certain amount of leakage loss, correct? Refugee gas. Could we use these
funds for that purpose?      Serving every ratepayer equally presumably
because they would get not only the environmental benefit of not having a
high impact greenhouse gas emission from methane going directly to the
atmosphere, which has far greater impact than CO2. They would also get
some return on that investment basically because we're right now paying for
every amount of that gas that leaks. Could any of these funds between
what the Finance Committee authorized up to the 10 cent a therm impact
and the four cent that it would perhaps cost us for the offsets used for that
purpose?



                                                                           Page 25 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/5/16
