                         TRANSCRIPT
wanted us to take another swing at describing how the mitigation would be
effective in these last scenarios. We're going to try.

Council Member Holman:        How the impacts are reduced to less than
significant on 1-4 is through mitigations. Aren't we saying the same thing
for 1-4 as 5 and 6?

Ms. Gitelman: It's really about how we presented the conclusions of our
analysis. I think the Council wanted more explanation and more detail about
the efficacy of the measures.       That's what I gleaned from our past
discussions.

Council Member Holman: I don't have exact recollection of it being that
way. You may be right. I'm going to try something else. On Scenario 5,
I'm somewhat sympathetic to Council Member Wolbach's comments earlier
about jobs and housing balance. On Page 282, the summary of the EIR
scenarios, I'd like to amend the second column over, nonresidential square
footage. Understanding that 1.3 million square feet of that 2.7 is Stanford
Medical Center, I'd like to reduce that 2.7 to 2.4 million because that—I
think the math is right—would take us to a 50,000-square-foot annual cap
Citywide. If I can get a second to that.

Council Member Schmid: Second.

AMENDMENT M: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to add to the Motion, “replace in Table 1 Column 2, ‘2.7
million’ with ‘2.4 million.’” (New Part C.v.)

Mayor Burt: I've got Council Member Scharff and Wolbach. Let me just—
pardon me?

Council Member Wolbach: You can scratch my name off.

Mayor Burt: I've got a way that might speed up our voting. Once we're at
the end, we've got this set. Probably there's moderately good consensus
I'm actually hearing on these. I'd like to suggest we pull for individual
voting any of these that two Council Members say they have concerns and
want to vote on it. Everything else we'll vote as a group. If there aren't two
folks who have concerns and want to vote. That may speed things up and
get us out of here before midnight. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Council Member Holman: I had one last one. Table 2, the fifth one down,
consider additional sites near Stanford University Medical Center or the
western portions of the Research Park. Although we're trying to differentiate
5 and 6, it seems that also ought to be considered in Scenario 5.
                                                                        Page 76 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
