                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: What Page is that?

Council Member Filseth: I think it's T643.

Council Member Holman: 435, Page 435.

Council Member Filseth: Provide adult crossing guards at school crossings—
you know what?

Mayor Burt: That's not Track Watch.

Council Member Filseth: Did I misread that? I may have misread that.

Mayor Burt: That's school crossing guards.

Council Member Filseth: School crossing guards. Thank you. Sorry. Let's
see. There is—thanks. That's simple. That simplifies it. T311 is consider
Grand Boulevard Initiative (GBI) in design decisions and so forth. First of
all, I think it's premature to put grand boulevard initiative in the Comp. Plan.
I suspect the reason it's worded sort of weakly like that is because there
probably was disagreement on the group as to whether that actually belongs
in the Comp. Plan. The compromise, I'm guessing, was put in some really,
really weak language about GBI, that way we can have it in but not have it
in at the same time. I'm not sure how valuable it is to put it in like that.
We're doing comments here.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) last week.

Council Member Filseth: I don't think so. Was it? Two more side comments
and I'll come back to the parking one. First of all, I agree with Council
Member DuBois on the importance of cumulative LOS impacts. I think it
would be good to have something like that, a reference to that in here. On
the issue of the exact number, because we're talking about VTA's thresholds
versus Menlo Park's thresholds, I'm not convinced that there should be an
actual number in here. That makes more sense in the Code. The City might
choose to change it from time to time. I don't think it should be in here.
Second, I agree very strongly with Council Member Schmid on the need to
really validate and prove some of these innovative alternative metrics and
approaches to do wholesale zoning changes based on them. There's some
very interesting things we could do there. As Asher Waldfogel commented
in the Minutes on one of the different topics, those of us who have been
burned by this so many times have gotten used to things really take—they
don't really happen as fast as you think they're going to and quite the way
you think you do. We need to be really careful about that. That includes, by
the way, Council Member Kniss' comment of adequate investment in these
                                                                        Page 109 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
