                         TRANSCRIPT
recommendations if you include requirements to meter, charge for, test,
reuse and/or recycle this extracted groundwater. Fees for these services
can be part of the permitting process. Requiring construction best practices
will also reduce pumping length and total extraction. The information
obtained by the above practices can be the foundation for future dewatering
regulations and groundwater management practices. If not tonight, when?
This topic is not going away. We are faced with droughts and flooding in our
future. The only choice is when will it be adequately addressed. That is in
your hands tonight. Your actions can be the first step in Palo Alto's new
leadership role as discussed at the recent S/CAP discussions.           Your
recommendations tonight will help Staff move forward with Group 2 and
Group 3 recommendations. The information obtained from testing, metering
and changing will help also. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rene Wood, to be followed by
Ester Nigenda.

Rene Wood: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I have
studied very carefully a copy of the notice to owners. To be very honest, if I
was building a basement or I was a contractor, I would not know so much of
what was presented tonight, because it's not as clearly spelled out as I
would hope it would be. I submitted a letter to you tonight and my
comments going forward are going to veer dramatically from that letter. I
think the content is spot on, but so much information came in the
presentation prior to your questions and public comment that there's a lot
that has changed here. I have always firmly believed that documents that
are given to the public should be as clear as possible. Not everyone is
always going to understand them. There's always some of us that don't
quite get it. To not include in the notice to the public that was put out in
January of '16 as a possible draft that the water that is being pumped is
going to be metered is such an—I'm sorry to be what might be
disrespectful—oversight when it is clearly called out especially in point 2 of
so much having to be submitted. I have grave concerns that someone is
going to start this process and not know that it's supposed to be metered.
The things that I'd like to comment otherwise on this is I think this is an
incredible opportunity to show the public, particularly some of the people
who came forward so gallantly at your last meeting and said, "I'm going to
put aside my skepticism that this isn't going to be all talk." This is an
actionable item that can be made better by including a few things. I have
detailed those in my letter. I'm very glad to hear that the focus is going to
measuring and collecting groundwater data. There has to be a reporting
mechanism. Otherwise, all you're dealing with is estimates, and then you'll
have no data that is real, that will inform your decisions going forward not
only on the report that you're doing with your groundwater partners, but
                                                                       Page 47 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
