                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: If you buy two lots and they have houses on them and you
tear them down and replace them, you will not pay this fee.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it. I just don't understand the exempt versus the
nonexempt. Maybe someone could just explain that again to me. I
completely don't understand it. I know that's probably me, so I apologize.

Ms. Gitelman: There is a section in our Zoning Ordinance, which I have
marveled at quite a number of times, that provides that existing office space
that's converted from amenity space or storage space to gross square
footage is exempt from paying the fee.          This would eliminate that
exemption. If someone were to convert storage space to office space or
retail, they would pay the fee.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it. The next question. When I read the CEQA
thing, I just thought it was curious. It says—first of all, you said you want
us to find the actions exempt from CEQA. Is that different than what you've
normally asked us? On fees, I don't recall actually asking us to find it
exempt from CEQA before. If so, what would the basis be for us for finding
it exempt from CEQA if we're supposed to make that kind of decision?

Ms. Gitelman: If you look on Packet Page 706, there's an explanation in
Section 5 of the ordinance. We're actually relying on a few different
arguments or rationales for the exemption. One is related to increasing
fees. The other is related to the other policy changes we're making here.
We feel comfortable with this recommendation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If we went with the maximum allowed fee, which I
forget—for commercial it was like 200 and something—and if we believe that
that would stop all commercial development in its tracks, would this be
exempt from CEQA or not? Would we make that finding or would we not
make that finding?

Ms. Silver: It depends on—if you're just maintaining the status quo, that's
not necessarily going to have …

Vice Mayor Scharff: No. Say we'd be raising it. Say we decided today we
were going to raise it to the maximum, which I forget. It was like 200 and
something—237. We decided that would create a moratorium. Would we
then make that finding on CEQA or would we decide that we couldn't make
that finding on CEQA?

Ms. Silver: If you're essentially creating an office moratorium, the question
would be if there were projects that wanted to redevelop and they couldn't
develop as office, what would they redevelop as. If you would find that they
                                                                        Page 46 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
