                          TRANSCRIPT
what the polling questions are going to be. It's going to be public meetings,
so that's going to be clear what direction you're going.            Third, the
assumption would be that first round of polling gives you enough useful
information to then start to sharpen, the Council will probably say, "There's
some other follow-up polling we still want to do, but there looks like there is
some possibilities here."       You might get enough information you say,
"Nothing's coming back good in the immediate time. Nothing left to do."
The Council always has the potential to say, "Even though we got some
useful data, it's incomplete. I'm not comfortable in voting that we move
ahead unless we have more information which we don't have." I think this is
step by step. It's driven by the fact that you don't want to close the door on
one of your options which is a November election. You still have lots of
chances to be able to say, "We're running out of time. We want more
information." Hopefully the committee is able to craft a usable first poll that
will really signal whether or not it has merit in the near term. The truth is
our pollster could come in and say, "Forget it. What you're even trying to
do"—he or she may say it's not going to work. The sooner we get with a
pollster, they'll help us with that.

Council Member Berman: I guess what I would ask of those on the
committee, because I'm not going to volunteer to be on it, is that they take
a very broad approach to this, so the Council gets as many options as
possible both for how to raise the revenue and what it goes to.

Council Member Holman: By my comments about how the money was going
to be spent, it's not to foreclose options. You can poll for if the money were
being spent for this, then the polling comes out positive. If the money's
going to be spent for that, it doesn't come out with as much support. It's
not to foreclose options. It's to look at what the options might be and give
people who are being polled a choice.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, did you have something else? If not,
then I think we're ready to vote.

Council Member Wolbach: As I said earlier, I would want to come back to
Staff. It's evident that Staff was expecting that we might be going in this
sort of direction tonight, but I would like to hear something explicitly from
Staff about what this process, a new ad hoc committee under this kind of
timeline looks like for Staff impacts and workload over the next couple of
months.

Mr. Keene: Council Member Wolbach, members of the Council, we've got
more than enough to do. Understanding that your direction really right now
is focused on the polling questions itself and not really a bunch of other

                                                                         Page 96 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
