                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: We don't have a formal Staff Report. This is a straightforward
item asking the Council to open a Public Hearing, take public comment, and
then approve an assessment on two properties where there was formal Code
enforcement activity that needed to be done. There are some—the costs of
that are still owing. We go through this procedure in order to take the final
step to be able to recover those costs. We are here to answer your
questions.

Mayor Burt: Do we have any questions of Staff before I open the Public
Hearing? Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: The second site here, 18 Roosevelt Circle—no, I
guess it's the first one, the Matadero site. The one who had the lien levied
on him sold the property and left. What effect does going to the tax roll
have if he's no longer responsible for the taxes?

Ms. Stump: I'll refer to my colleague, Albert Yang, who will walk you
through that.

Albert Yang, Senior Deputy City Attorney: Hi. Albert Yang, Senior Deputy
City Attorney. In the event that a property has been sold before a lien can
be imposed, the levy goes onto the unsecured roll. It becomes a personal
tax obligation as opposed to one that's secured by the property. It's similar
to a tax obligation that would be owed on personal property, on a boat or a
car, that's unpaid.

Council Member Schmid: The lien doesn't have much impact, because the
person doesn't own a boat or a car or a house.

Mr. Yang: It would not be a lien. It would be an unsecured tax obligation.

Council Member Schmid: The City is responsible for finding this person
wherever he might be and try and track him down. It doesn't seem very
efficient.

Ms. Stump: It's sort of what we're left with. The abatement needed to be
done. It was done for a public purpose and for the community at large.
This is our step that we can take to hope to recover the funds.

Council Member Schmid: I hope it doesn't get us into entanglements that
cost us lots of money.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was going to sort of ask the same question.
What are our chances of actually getting any money for this? That doesn't
                                                                      Page 95 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
