                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I heard you were. However, on "B," I actually think
that we should probably go with "A" rather than "B." I think "B" is very
similar and will give us better information. It's a slower ...

Mayor Burt: Right. It's a range (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's a range, that's what I'm thinking.

Mayor Burt: It's not guidance on intention.       It's a range.     I find that
acceptable as well.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part A, “Option B” with
“Option A.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think this is a good start. I think we're doing that
bracket, but as long as we add in the sustainability stuff that we talked
about—I want to pilot the performance-based stuff, but that's going to be
the second part of that. You're not planning on putting that in here or you
are?

Mayor Burt: We can include it in principal, and the sustainability was a
given. I guess I would go ahead and add that both iterations of Scenario 5
would include performance-based development and the S/CAP—how do we
want to describe it—elements.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I would say. I actually thought these
(inaudible) performance-based approach would be adopted with the policies
and performance standards related to traffic and other quality of life issues.
That's sort of what they have in the Staff Report.

Mayor Burt: That's the language. Let's go ahead and ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: On Page 2 at the bottom.

Mayor Burt: Here's the wording on that. On the performance-based, it says
a performance-based approach which would include ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: You can actually use the top language too. Policies and
mitigation strategies to address the (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Why don't you offer proposed language?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll say it. You could say a performance-based approach
with policies and mitigation strategies to address the impacts of growth and
other quality of life issues.
                                                                       Page 105 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
