                          TRANSCRIPT
point we haven't quite gotten to that stage of urgency. It was of concern
last week when it was announced that we were maybe getting toward the
end of the drought or at least we could cut back on our restrictions. I think
nothing changes people's habits quite as quickly as saying, "You don't really
need to worry as much about it as you did last year." Especially after two
days in Arizona, I am far more aware of that than I would have been before
I went.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, Council Member Kniss, if I just
might add something to this. I apologize if I repeat ...

Council Member Kniss: As a former person working in Arizona.

Mr. Keene: As a former person in Arizona, yes. Just to put the numbers on
this. The Action tonight is really to extend the term of this lease related to
the provision of recycled water. You are absolutely correct this is a larger,
longer term conversation. We're going to come back on May 2nd, I think,
with a Consent Item for a contract for about $325,000 to engage in a sort of
exploratory, Feasibility Study on the purified water issue, which I'm
presuming you'll talk about some more. Again, just to put things in
perspective. I think even when I got here, we were generating close to 25
million gallons a day at the Sewage Treatment Plant. My understanding is
we are down to about 18 Million Gallons per Day (MGD), million gallons per
day, because of the drought and other changes in our practices and
behaviors. We are using very little actual recycled water right now, so most
of it is just being discharged into the Bay. Even though in the terms of the
base contract that we have with Mountain View, their share of that would be
roughly seven million gallons. The capacity of what can be delivered
through this agreement and what—our capacity right now for Mountain View
is about three million gallons per day ultimately out of this 18 million that we
have. Again, my understanding is we'll have future opportunities to revisit
increases or changes in that number. There's obviously a lot of flexibility
post this decision on what to do with the remaining water that we are not
treating to recycled standards, we're certainly not yet treating to a purified
water standard.

Council Member Kniss: I was left with that urgency, as I mentioned, after
we left. I appreciate those answers. I appreciate you, Phil, being so on top
of this.

Mayor Burt: Let me make sure that we're framing on this discussion. We're
not most of the way through the time allocation that we had for it. The
Action Item that we have tonight is around this addendum to our Recycled
Water Supply Agreement with Mountain View. We have a lot of broader

                                                                         Page 63 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
