                         TRANSCRIPT
Personally, I really support the idea that we look at Fry's and a connection
with the creek and how that can be created to restore and use groundwater
and the creek water and recharge aquifers. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we'll return to Council for non-
Stanford-related comments. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, thank you colleagues and the public for
separating that item. I really appreciate it. I did listen to the public
comments. I actually have some questions to start with. I was curious
about Town and Country. The current Plan suggested it be looked at for
residential, and that was deleted. I spoke to some CAC members; they
didn't recall that being discussed. I was curious why that was deleted.

Ms. Gitelman: My recollection is that it was discussed at the subcommittee
and then brought forward as part of the document that the full CAC
reviewed. Do my colleagues have anything to add?

Ms. Costello: That's correct. Some things were discussed at more detail in
the subcommittee meetings and some were in more detail at the CAC. The
issue of the members who did not want it in Town and Country Shopping
Center—there wasn't disagreement when it got to the CAC specifically.
There may be people who, if they'd been asked, would have said maybe.
That's a lot of how it happened.

Council Member DuBois: I understand the concerns with Charleston and
Midtown, which are smaller and well-used retail. It does seem like Town and
Country perhaps in the back is particularly well suited for considering some
housing. It's near to Paly, near to the Medical Center. I also understood the
discussion about the Downtown cap and changing the definition from
nonresidential to office/R&D. I'm curious, though, we were talking about
some exceptions for retail, for hotels potentially, for small medical. Are
there any unintended side effects that you can foresee?

Ms. Gitelman: I think there would be—obviously it would be a change to
expand the uses that are exempt under the Downtown cap. If I recollect,
currently only public facilities in the CD are exempt from that Downtown
cap, and this would be expanding that. I think there was interest not
universally on the committee but from a subgroup of considering the
potential for allowing small offices, for example, to proceed, less than 5,000
square feet.

Council Member DuBois: I was just concerned if we have a bunch of
exceptions, do we end up with a lot more development than we expect. I
also saw we weren't always consistent in the way we refer to medical. I
                                                                       Page 87 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
