                         TRANSCRIPT
will be. How do we understand and protect and adapt and, in some cases,
perhaps retreat as we face those rising conditions of rising water, but also
the health considerations of rising temperatures, and the other challenges
that climate change will mean for us. Finally as I said before, we need to
reduce the subsidies to the things that we don't want. We should look at
pricing carbon. Actually we could add it to our financial management in the
City. Microsoft, 400 other companies and a couple of dozen cities are
already looking at that as part of their financial management tool. There are
ways that we can use these techniques to channel both local and internal
investment. As you well know, renewables are a rapidly growing financial
category in the world. Clean tech as well. There's a lot of money interested
in the kinds of innovations that we're talking about. If we're creative, we
have multiple ways to pay for, to invest in the future that we want. To your
questions of what we would ask of you, let's set a goal. I'm suggesting 80
percent by 2030. You may choose a different one, but let's pick a direction
and pick a goal and challenge our Staff and our community to innovate to
meet that. Let's adopt a Climate Plan as a framing strategy. I think one of
the choices for you here is do you want to have a fully articulated strategy
with a clear Multiyear Implementation Plan of what all the measures are,
which is one way to go. As our friends at Fort Collins, Colorado, have done
who have also set an 80 by '30 goal, they've adopted a goal and a set of
principles by which they'll make decisions. They're planning to then develop
the specific strategies. It's two different approaches of different levels of
detail, and that's going to depend very much on your comfort of how you
want to strategize and implement. I think if we can set a goal, establish
Guiding Principles, direct the Staff to come back with specific, engineered
and priced-out strategies, and then move forward and revisit this every five
years as conditions change and as we learn, that may be a way to go. What
I would ask of you here is to think about the goals that we want to set and
the criteria by which we will decide the steps that we'll take. Some of them
will be economic, but they're not only economic. Some of them are going to
be moral decisions. Some of them are going to be gut decisions. Some will
be a combination of those. I'd like to understand your inclinations and your
comfort levels with that. With regard, Mayor Burt, to the process going
forward, what we would envision is perhaps a series of Study Sessions with
you. Tonight being more of an overview of the overall approach, and future
Study Sessions that could be deep dives into specific issues. Perhaps an
evening spent focused on the transportation alternatives that were so well
keyed up today.       Perhaps another on electrification, and another on
adaptation. At some point in that process, come back not in a Study Session
but with an Action Item to make some fundamental choices about goals,
criteria and the key initial moves that we'll choose to take over the next two
to five years, the part of the trajectory that we can see relatively clearly.

                                                                       Page 56 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
