                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: You've asked us about developing a City policy on sea
level rise actions. I assume you want Items 1 and 2 before we do that, and
that shouldn’t be an issue if they're a couple of months away. Our next item
is all about prioritizing what gets done. I know you have lots of time, Phil,
so that's why you're just asking to do something new at the moment.
Seriously, is this—when I read through the list of the item we're studying
next, it dawned on me that we talk about a lot of stuff at Council. We spend
a lot of time doing it, and then there's no Staff resources to do it. I saw all
these items in red. I guess the question is should we be spending City time
on this at this time to develop a City—do you have the bandwidth? Is it
going to take away from other items you're not going to be able to do?
When prioritizing, of course we should develop a City policy, but what does
that mean we're not going to do if we develop a City policy? I guess I need
to ask this question from everything from now on after looking at this list.

Mr. Bobel: As I understand it, you'll be doing more of that after this Study
Session tonight. In short, it'll take away from other things.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What would it take away from? If we say we want you
to do it, what would it take away from? I can't answer the question.

Mr. Bobel: We won't be able to have Joe retiring, for example, as he
currently plans on doing.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sorry, Joe.

Mr. Bobel: Just generally speaking, it would take away from the types of
things Public Works already does, assuming Public Works is the lead.
Although, Planning would be another ... It will take away from things.
We're not making a strong recommendation that that be done. We're
mostly reacting to the fact that as more and more we've brought various
projects to you, you've been questioning how does sea level rise relate to a
given project. Without some policy that kind of directs us, it's hard to
answer your questions about what we're doing on a particular project. We
could just say that the City response to sea level rise is the SAFER project
and is ultimately some core additions to it, if that gets under way. That may
be the best solution, to not divert us into looking at other avenues but just
say, "We've got to protect our facilities. We've got a project under way
that'll protect those facilities. It's going to be built in such a way that it can
respond over time and be added to. That's sort of our policy." If that were
the feedback we got from you, I'd say we don't need a policy. We've got
actions under way; we know what we're doing. We don't want to be
diverted onto looking at zoning issues and looking at building requirements.
We have a strategy.

                                                                          Page 16 of 107
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcropt: 5/31/16
