                         TRANSCRIPT
students beginning last October to introduce this outstanding—I call it a
really exciting concept. As a result, in introducing it and listening to our
students, we made some changes. Catherine Palter, our next speaker, will
speak to those changes.          We currently house 97 percent of our
undergraduate students, but we're only able to house 55 percent of our
9,000 graduate students. You can see there's a huge disparity. This new
housing project will be a great benefit to our graduate students, because
then we'll be able to house 75 percent of our graduate students, which is
about a 40 percent increase in bed spaces on the campus. This project also
helps us solve our current housing project, which is really essential for us.
We also believe that this project is transformative. It will enhance the
quality of our graduate students' educational experience. It brings them in
close proximity to the abundance of essential resources that support their
academic disciplines. Many of our graduate students work late in the
evening to advance their research, but we want them to avoid those long
commutes going back to their apartments off campus. This also will help
them to relieve the distractions that many of them face and the burdens that
they have in living in off-campus housing.        In summary, this project
addresses a critical need for our students. It also benefits our neighboring
communities. It will help alleviate the profound housing shortages in the
neighboring communities and provide additional housing for 2,000 students.
It also provides a vibrant community in Escondido Village which is at the
heart of our students' social, recreational and overall well-being. Lastly, we
are proceeding carefully to ensure that the needs and concerns of both on-
and off-campus communities are addressed in the process. We thank you
for listening to this. Catherine Palter will be coming up next to share the
specifics of the project. Thank you.

Catherine Palter, Stanford University, Associate Vice President for Land Use:
Good evening. My name is Catherine Palter, and I'm Stanford's Associate
Vice President for Land Use and Environmental Planning. I wanted to give
you an overview of the project that we're talking about and the approval
process going forward. We'll start back with some background on the 2000
general use permit which was approved in 2000. That County approval
allowed Stanford to construct 3,018 housing units or, in the case of
students, beds. As of today, all but 581 of those housing units have been
constructed or are currently under construction. Interestingly, the County
approved a condition of approval which was F7, which stated that Stanford
could seek to build even more housing beyond that initial allocation with an
environmental assessment and approval by the Planning Commission. What
Stanford has requested to do is implement that condition of approval to
allow additional housing units to allow this Escondido Village graduate
housing project to go forward, specifically requesting 1,450 additional
housing units beyond the 3,000 that were originally allocated. We're talking
                                                                        Page 2 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
