                          TRANSCRIPT
presented? Would you like me to do a full summary? Would you like to just
dive in with the questions that you have based on the Staff Report that
you've read and the conversations of yesterday? What would be most
productive for you?

Mayor Burt: Colleagues, I wanted to get a sense from you on how you
would like to spend this time. Would we like to see some of the presentation
that was given yesterday or do we want to dive into our own discussion and
feedback? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Speaking only for myself, I don't feel a need to
go through the presentation we already saw yesterday. You did a great job
with it then despite the mike troubles. I'd be happy to jump right into
having us maybe recap our reactions and ask any follow-up questions.
That's just my two cents on how we proceed.

Mayor Burt: Let's put that on the table, and have people speak if they have
either a dissent or a variation on that that they'd like to toss out. Council
Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: No dissent and no variation.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I have a question. The event was not broadcast,
and we were all there. I can see some of the people here were there
yesterday. It was not televised, so if we just jump into questions, those
people who are watching from home or listening from home won't have the
benefit of that discussion who weren't also there yesterday. It was in
competition with some significant football games. I guess my question is if
you were to do a brief overview, how long would that take you?

Mr. Friend: Probably about 10 minutes.

Council Member Holman: I would suggest we do a brief overview at least.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was going to say something similar to Council Member
Holman.    I actually was going to hope for more like a five minute
presentation that hits the highlights. Also, ask the questions of Council that
you would like us to hit with feedback. I mean, you have the whole SCAP
Staff Report here. It raises a lot of questions. I think it would be helpful to
say what kind of feedback you're looking for, what kind of direction, how
Council Members feel about things.

                                                                        Page 51 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
