                          TRANSCRIPT
ability to be able to convert to office. Especially for long-term property
owners, that's not that hard to do. If you can go from—I'll just make up
numbers--$2 to $6 a square foot, why wouldn't you hold out for a year? The
hardship threshold is a good threshold. I have notes here. Hang on a
second. I would absolutely support in the permanent—you want me to just
make a Motion? Council Member Burt, do you want me to just make a
motion?

Mayor Burt: You can give it a shot.

Council Member Holman: Rather than say all this and come back and have
to do it again. I would move—I'm just talking about the Ordinance now,
going forward. I would move that the Staff make permanent the Interim
Ordinance with the following clarifications: on Slide 10, I support Staff
requiring display windows for nonconforming uses, all the four bullets on
that page. It really is four bullets, not three, because updating definitions as
needed is also a bullet actually.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, you're free to go ahead and make
this. I think there would be a usefulness to hearing from the Council
Members first on what their higher level thinking is on where they want to
head in a future Retail Ordinance before diving into a specific proposal. How
about this? If we hold on this, I'll return to you. If colleagues are fine,
before we go forward with Motions I'll return to you and give you first crack
at it.

Council Member Holman: Then I'll make general comments and not make
the Motion. What I support is basically the Staff continuing the Interim
Ordinance as a permanent Ordinance and returning also with a Downtown-
focused Ordinance. I don't support reducing the threshold, because of what
I just mentioned about gaming the system. I do support the bullets that
Staff has proposed to come back with. That's on Slide 10 and also in the
Staff Report. I think other Council Members have also mentioned some
additional qualifications for hair and nail salons. I might add personal gyms
to that. I've made comments too about schools, private schools. A question
for Staff. What level of effort is going to interrupt your priority workload?
The question is if we were to ask Staff to look at the viability of readdressing
or reevaluating the streets that were taken out in the 2009 ground-floor
retail reduction, if you will, would that be a major undertaking or would that
be we could pick our priority streets and it wouldn't be a major undertaking
that would disrupt your work flow. Help me out with that.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. We do have Staff assigned and
resourced to do the Downtown permanent Retail Protection Ordinance.

                                                                        Page 73 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
