                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I'll hand this off to Cara in a second. I want to make it clear
that the buildings that we're talking about replacing were legal when they
were constructed. Those are legal and non-complying structures because of
subsequent actions to make the lease line and to build on the opposite side
of that lease line.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you. Cara Silver, Senior
Assistant City Attorney. I think we have three different levels of applicable
regulations. We have the Zoning Code. The Zoning Code treats the parcel
technically as a whole, the 700-acre parcel as a whole. We have a series of
development agreement conditions. The Mayfield Development Agreement
does treat pieces of the Research Park as lease lines, but only if the
applicant is adding bonus square footage under the Mayfield Agreement.

Council Member Filseth: That was after this anyway.

Ms. Silver: That's true. We have a third set of guidelines. That is the
informal practice of the parties. From what we have reviewed, the informal
practice has been to treat the site boundaries as lease lines. That's not
necessarily an enforceable practice, but it is something that both parties
have adhered to.

Council Member Filseth: Is it the position of Staff that in 1998 and 1999
both the movement of the lease line and the construction of the 31,000-
square-foot building were legal?

Ms. Silver: I think it complied with the Zoning Code. It did not comply with
this protocol that the parties had followed. If the parties were aware of it,
both sides say now that they would not have participated in that way.

Council Member Filseth: You believe that it did comply with our zoning at
that time?

Ms. Silver: Yes.

Council Member Filseth: I have a couple of questions about the EIR. The
traffic study says there will be 663 new car trips a day but no significant
impact. There are two intersections at which the impact will be 3.9 seconds
of new delay while the threshold for impact is 4.0 seconds. Is that right?

Ms. Gerhardt: Yes.

Council Member Filseth: There are also two intersections where it says the
volume to capacity increase, if it's over 0.01, then there's an impact. There


                                                                       Page 60 of 94
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/11/16
