                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: How are you? What are the exact dates again?

Ms. Bojic: The dates for the film festival are October 20th, from this
Thursday until October 30th, 11 days. There are going to be locations from
Aquarius Theater. The opening night is there. For the first time, we are
using also Mitchell Park Community Center, which we are so proud of that
part of the festival. Also, we'll be in different locations at Stanford University
as well. All the details are actually on our website. Liz, thank you so much
obviously for your great support for so many years. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stan Shore, to be followed by
Neva Yarkin. Welcome.

Stan Shore: Good evening. Thank you very much. I live in Palo Alto on
Kellogg Avenue. August 22, 2016, I spoke to the City Council regarding
opposition to Castilleja's increase of 125 students. Now, I'd like to share
with the Council additional information regarding Castilleja's unauthorized
enrollment increases. Between 1971 and September 2016, Castilleja had 14
enrollment increases. I submitted a copy every year the enrollment increase
took place. I repeat, there was 14 enrollment increases during the past 45
years. That's an average enrollment increase of every three years. I
actively participated in the 2000 and 2001 negotiations where the neighbors
agreed to let Castilleja increase enrollment from 385 students to 415
students.     The City then assured the neighbors that the 415-student
enrollment is cast in concrete and the City would not allow any future
enrollment increases. I would like to make three suggestions to the City.
Suggestion 1. Castilleja has not complied with the current Conditional Use
Permit (CUP) for 15 years. It seems to me that Castilleja, by its actions, has
nullified the current CUP. The City should void the current CUP and revert to
the previously approved CUP, which allows for 385 students. Suggestion 2.
Castilleja's 15 years of noncompliance means Castilleja now owes the
neighborhood 15 years of compliance. The City should enforce the current
415 CUP for the next 15 years. After 15 years, Castilleja can then apply for
a new CUP. Final suggestion.

Mayor Burt: You have to wrap up.

Mr. Shore: A significant number of neighbors would like an underground
garage for 125 or more vehicles. It is possible that these same neighbors
would agree to 450 students after the underground garage was constructed.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Mr. Shore.

Mr. Shore: Thank you very much.

                                                                            Page 6 of 111
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/17/16
