                         TRANSCRIPT
underway yet. As more and more of those ideas came to the table, the
conversation at the CAC shifted to incorporate them as people recognized
here's a larger toolkit of ways to address our needs. As I understand it, the
Comp. Plan is building off of a prior Comp. Plan and making improvements
to it. The S/CAP is taking more of a normative approach, standing in a
future of significant greenhouse gas reductions, asking how might we get
there.     The challenge is to bring those two together.           Like the
Transcontinental Railroad meeting back in 1869, tracks coming from the
past and tracks coming in the future have to hook up. We're having a
meeting tomorrow among some senior Staff to look more explicitly at how
we more formalize the relationship between these two. It's an area where
we certainly need to do more work.

Mayor Burt: Before I ask a next question, I see that we've had a lot of
people arrive and are standing. Can we ask the audience to scrunch
together and make some seating for some of the people who have come
more recently? You'll get to know your neighbor. Thank you. Just a more
particular question I had was to what extent—I know that the plan, for
instance, through mobility as a service has looked at how emerging
telecommunications technologies can be utilized to provide innovations and
advancements that we will embrace as part of the plan. There's another
dimension to that, the degree to which societal trends, through
transformation and telecommunications principally, are affecting our
patterns creating new challenges and new opportunities. For instance, I
didn't pick up anywhere in the plan where there was an attempt to identify
changes from traditional bricks-and-mortar sales to online purchasing, and
what does that mean about how we receive goods, how we make trips, how
many trips we make, where we go, and does that change the mix of
vehicles. We're all seeing a great increase in common carriers and in private
bus systems. To my knowledge, neither we nor other communities have
take that on as saying that's a real growing trend and, yet, there's nothing
that's driving those new transportation concentrations in new directions to
be clean vehicles, for instance. Has there been any consideration of these
impacts, whether they be from—what's the impact of videoconferencing on
future long-distance transportation trends or on getting in cars to go
shopping and then how might we respond to those patterns?

Mr. Friend: It's a great question, Mayor Burt. There's been a lot of work on
that, not by us, by other consulting organizations, organizations like
Business for Social Responsibility working with the transportation industry.
Certainly the common carriers themselves are making efforts in these
directions of cleaning up their fleets. We're seeing the emergence of drone
technology as a delivery option that Amazon is exploring. I think we
basically decided this was beyond our can at this stage, given all that we had
                                                                        Page 30 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
