                          TRANSCRIPT
times on this dais. The ARB struggled with this as well. FAR is an up to, not
a guaranteed max. What often is used as a justification for 50 feet or a
maximum FAR is because if the property next door with the same zoning
were to redevelop, it could redevelop to that height and that FAR. I don't
buy that either, because—I won't go into that. In this situation, we don't
have even close to that situation. I'm finding it a very hard sell. Quickly I'll
go through some of the things that are not addressed in the Record of Land
Use Action, unless I totally overlooked them. You mentioned the scenic
corridor, that isn't mentioned at all. It isn't even mentioned in the Staff
Report. I didn't get through all of the ARB Minutes, so maybe it was there.
The Baylands master plant list in terms of landscape design is not mentioned
here at all. In the Record of Land Use Action, the consistency with the
Baylands Master Plan is not mentioned. Hang on a second. This is Number
7 actually on Packet Page 575. Large sites of one acre shall be designed so
that street, block and building patterns are consistent with those of the
surrounding neighborhood. This finding can be made in the affirmative in
that the design of the facade, landscape design is consistent with the
surrounding development. It's not. It's just not. It's not compatible. The
conditions of approval—going through without numbering all of these. On
Number 5 on 575 talks about the planning arborist, again no reference to
the Baylands master plant list. Same thing on the next page, landscape,
urban forest and Director of Planning find—but what about the rest of it?
Number 13 on 577 talks about all exterior lighting shall be shielded, directed
downward and designed to minimize light spillage beyond the property line.
Board Member Lew is here saying that there would not be spillage beyond
the property line. Yet, this seems to allow for spillage beyond the property
line. I was concerned when I read this too, because "15" on the top of Page
578 is a mitigation measure for the transportation. Don't know how other
Council Members will feel about this. There are mitigation measures at the
intersection of East Bayshore and Embarcadero Road. We all know there are
problems there. I'm not necessarily confident that what's being proposed
here is the best solution there or if it's considered in the larger context of
what other impacts it might actually create going north on East Bayshore.
Also, there's nothing that indicates what the fair share of the applicant is.
We're just kind of like agreeing to something without knowing what we're
agreeing to.     It seems like for us to make responsible and informed
decisions—I do apologize. I'm sure it must feel not so good sitting there.
That's not the intention. It is just really to try to get some things on the
table that I think aren't addressed and need to be addressed in this and
future projects. You've heard those comments before. There's also about
dewatering on Packet Page 581. There seem to be inconsistent comments
here about dewatering plans and not requiring one, but then getting
permits. I just find that there are so many issues with this project, that I
think we ought to send it back to the drawing board, quite seriously. Again,
                                                                           Page 117 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
