              CITY OF PALO ALTO
              STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

                                                            February 24, 2016



Greg Scharff, Vice Mayor: Hello everyone. We’re going to start this process
so if we could all just sort of settle down a little bit. So thank you all very
much for coming tonight. Tonight I have the honor of introducing Pat Burt,
our Mayor, but first before I do a little introduction I wanted to recognize the
people in the audience who are the dignitaries. We have several former
Mayors. We have former Mayor Larry Klein and before you clap why don’t
you hold all of the applause until the end of the introductions so we could do
one big applause for everyone. Oh, who am I? I’m Greg Scharff the Vice
Mayor. That’s right, no one introduced me. So I’m Greg Scharff the Vice
Mayor. So Larry Klein our former Mayor, Judy Kleinberg our former Mayor,
Vic Ojakian our former Mayor, and then I wanted to introduce the Mayor of
East Palo Alto, Donna Rutherford. If you want to just stand? Welcome,
thank you for joining us. Council Member Rod Sinks. And I want to
introduce Larry Moody from East Palo Alto and then Barry Chang, the Mayor
of Cupertino. And if there’s anyone else in the audience who is a public
official that I missed just raise your hand right now. I just wanted to make
sure I don’t miss anyone. Alright.

And then we also have the District Director for Rich Gordon, Andrew
Berthelsen. Welcome. Over there in the corner we have Anne Ream,
Deputy District Chief of Staff for Anna Eshoo. Welcome. And we also have
the Policy Aide to Micaela Hellman-Tichner from Supervisor Simitian’s office.
Welcome. And we also have Lisa Chung from Senator Jerry Hill’s office and
welcome to you as well. Alright, now we can do the applause for all of our
public officials.

Now briefly I’d also really like to thank our vendors. I’d like to thank Philz
Coffee for providing the free coffee. And I’d like to thank Coupa Café and
California Pizza Kitchen and The Counter. I’m looking forward to those
burgers, I hope they brought some. And then Chantal Guillon, hopefully I
got that right. So thank you all. If we can clap for them? And if there are
any Board and Commission Members in the audience if you could stand up?

So now I have the honor of introducing our Mayor, Pat Burt. Pat has served
our community for over 20 years as first a neighborhood leader, on the
Planning Commission, I think the Planning Commission for nine years, and

                                                                        Page 1 of 18
