                          TRANSCRIPT
electricity is arguably an efficiency in reducing our environmental impact. I
don't want to try to resolve that tonight, but that was the purpose of those
questions, to probe whether we can rethink that definition of permissible
uses in order to obtain efficiency. They're not just within that bucket. They
could be moving from one bucket over to another bucket and might have a
far greater efficiency in terms of reducing our environmental impact. I'll just
leave that, because this is supposed to be a question session. Final question
is I'm trying to understand how various initiatives that we might take would
help achieve this electrification objective that we've said we have also. It's
in our Sustainability Plan. We now have this next generation of PACE
programs, which I don't know a lot about.              They supposedly have
streamlined and made Property Assessed Clean Energy (PACE) programs
more attractive in some ways. I was thinking we were going to be getting
from Utilities Department a new global PACE program authorization that
allows different providers to have their program more readily adopted in our
City. How might that fit in with, say, on-bill financing of some of these
appliances and things? Is that another way that we can achieve this
outcome?

Mr. Shikada: At this point, I think the limit of what Staff has been working
on is the follow-up on the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG)
authorization that's looked at multiple PACE providers and provide more of a
categorical ability for cities to participate in those programs or ultimately
residents to participate in those programs. I'm not aware that it crosses
over from energy efficiency in solar to gas efficiency per se.

Mayor Burt: I asked one of the providers whether things like heat pumps
could be included in these new PACE programs. Their answer was yes, it
could. That goes into a question. There's not really a financial contribution
that the cities make when they enable PACE programs. Would that be
another way that we might be able to promote adoption of the electrification
initiatives that we're seeking? I don't know what would be permissible
within that context either, either a use of the cap and trade dollars or under
Prop 26 any of these dollars. Why don't I just leave that with Staff for the
moment? What we're doing is trying to probe ways that we can solve this
problem and have perhaps a parallel path between the offsets that we have
and what we're talking about of where we go beyond that to begin to
achieve the electrification. This is our opportunity to look at direction that
we might want to give Staff to follow-up on, not that we would be able to
decide these things tonight, as the City Manager said. Let's go to the public.
We have a number of speakers. Our first speaker is Sandra Slater, to be
followed by Lisa van Dusen. Welcome.



                                                                         Page 29 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
