                         TRANSCRIPT
the full and—what is important—the future cost of healthcare and pensions
and whether we are in a way subsidizing the Staff work of the …

Mr. Perez: Thank you. That's a very good question. Part of the problem is
that—just to be transparent—we had a lot of transition in our OMB office.
We probably could have done a much better job in clarifying the changes.
Let me try it in this way. When we did the analysis—we did it at a point in
time—we knew we had a deficit. The 5.5 reflects the information we had at
that point. When we got to the adoption of the budget, the reason you're
seeing a lower number is because we did some temporary solutions that we
know are not permanent. From a temporary standpoint, it decreased the
number, but it's not the real number, to your point, that we should be
charging but we believe the rate is. We believe the 5.5 is the appropriate
number because of these lower than what should be expenses.               For
example, just to give you a flavor, we had vacancies in the Fire and Police
Department. Some of them in the Fire Department were purposeful as a
result of our continued negotiations with Stanford. We used some savings in
the workers' comp fund and some of our benefits. If you tally up these
dollars, then it gets you to the 5.5 percent. I think we could have explained
it better in our write-up. I do know now—we didn't know when we put the
factor in—that the Public Employee Retirement System (PERS) rate of return
is 0.6 percent, not 7 1/2 as they were expecting. I know that the number is
not adequate anymore. That is what we will be doing in adjusting our
budget numbers as we come up with the next cycle. We're going to be
lagging in our adjustments, but we are definitely trying to capture all those
costs as we know them and incorporate them into the fee.

Council Member Schmid: Our policy for updating the Muni fees is usually
based upon a cost of living increase, isn't it? Rather than our cost.

Mr. Perez: We have varying factors. That's one. Anything that we know
that we put forward in terms of increases in salary and benefits. We'll be in
a better position in terms of salaries because we have for the most part
contracts with all of our major labor groups through June 30 of 2018, with
SEIU going through the end of that calendar year. What we're going to work
on is trying to figure out how we can capture the cost of the pension
numbers, which are delayed. Unfortunately, it's a 2-year lag with CalPERS.
We go with the data they give us.

Council Member Schmid: I guess the important point is we do have a
process that as we move forward we could update this number if it's …




                                                                        Page 53 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/14/16
