                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Cohen: I would say on the first two, it would be the Parking Assessment
District. On the third question, it would be as a private citizen.

Mayor Burt: Do you represent the Parking Assessment District?

Mr. Cohen: I administer the Parking Assessment District, yes.

Mayor Burt: That's right. I'll let it go. Thank you. The next speaker is Herb
Borock, to be followed by Craig Lewis.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members, I don't believe you should
take any action on this item. You should direct Staff to follow the normal
process for an application for architectural review or design review. Just the
discussion that you had already with the contractor and the contractor's
architect was on the substance of a project, which is something that
normally occurs only after properly, publicly noticed hearings before the
proper bodies of the City Council and in the proper order set forth in the
Municipal Code.       Perhaps I can go through the steps that a normal
application follows to show you why it's not proper to be doing what you're
being asked to do this evening. First is Staff does an initial study to
determine what kind of environmental review, if any, is needed for the
project. If Staff feels it's a minor project that they can act on, they do so
and make a tentative decision. Any interested party given constructive
notice and adequate time to file a request for a hearing before the ARB can
request a hearing before the ARB. Then, the Architectural Review Board
with any environmental document that exists before it makes a
recommendation to the Director of Planning and Community Environment,
who makes a decision both on the project and on environmental review.
Any interested party can appeal it to the Council. What you're being asked
to do is just the opposite order of things. You're being asked to make
decisions on each of those items before the normal process has occurred.
Nowhere in the Staff Report or the agenda item description are you being
asked to discuss the substance of the project; yet, that's what you've just
been doing. Nowhere in the Staff Report is it mentioned that you've made a
decision as a Council to not be considering any Planned Community zone
applications, which an amendment to the PC zone would be. I think the key
item in the Staff Report is Section 18.40.090, which allows that height
increase above the normal height and that includes items including utility
items, which I believe that's what this is. In terms of the height limits in the
PC zone district, it's normally 50 feet, but the special requirements section of
the district, 18.38.150A, make it clear that in sites abutting certain
residential zones that 50-foot height limit is lowered before you can add on
to the 15 feet. It's an interesting topic to go research how in 1990, only two
years after the current multiple family zone district was adopted and was

                                                                         Page 51 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
