                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Long: When I resisted by stating that Falun Dafa is good, five or six
policemen held me down and choked me so I couldn't speak.

Mayor Burt: We need to wrap up.

Ms. Long: They even told the doctor to "inject her with something."

Mayor Burt: We need to wrap up.

Ms. Long: I was put under house arrest in late August 2015.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I've allowed additional time for translation there.
Lina Qiu. Welcome.

Lina Qiu: Good evening, Council Members. My name's Lina Qiu, and I'm a
student at Stanford University. Last Wednesday, we had a movie screening
on campus of the documentary film "Human Harvest." One of the audience
came afterwards and said that the word "shocked" couldn't even capture his
feelings after seeing the compelling evidence of forced organ harvesting
that's happening in China. People wondered why this could have been going
on for 10 years. One of my advisers at Stanford is a medical school
professor. He once mentioned that the average waiting time for a liver
transplant here in the U.S. is about two to three years. People know that is
not the case in China. If you pick up the phone today and call a Chinese
hospital, tell them you need a liver transplant, it's possible that you will get
an answer like, "Book your flight in two weeks." People vaguely feel that
this is a strange picture but just stop there because after all China is such a
distant country. There were people who dug into this, and they revealed
that large numbers of Falun Gong practitioners became the victims of non-
consenting organ harvesting and are being killed for their organs. The
reason why a terrible crime like this could have been going on for 10 years is
that people in the world didn't know that it's happening or didn't want to
know because it's too far away. Now the truth is right in front of our eyes.
Sometimes when we look back in time, we would always cheer for those
people who had the heart to stand up against a crime even though they
themselves were not victims. Now we're actually in such a time, and we are
faced with the same choices. No matter how physically far away this is
happening, it is a crime against humanity. That's why I think it concerns
everyone of us here in Palo Alto, in the U.S. and in every country in the
world. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Cecilia Liu, to be followed by Xi
Chen.


                                                                        Page 19 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
