                          TRANSCRIPT
policy statements in this element as a result of the CAC's deliberations. We
can go into more on that if you'd like. In terms of next steps, we're hoping
this evening to first get some discussion and answer your questions and
hear your comments on the two issues with Stanford implications. That's
the cumulative limit, the cumulative cap idea and the annual limit idea.
Then, to get your thoughts, questions, comments with Council Member
DuBois returning on the balance of the issues here. Then, our hope is that
we can return with both the Land Use and Transportation Elements together
in January. At that point, we'll be looking for very specific—we'll try and tee
it up so we can get specific direction from the Council on where to go with
some of the options outlined here. We're also continuing work with the CAC
on natural resources, safety and the other elements, hoping to complete the
CAC's work in May and bring a consolidated draft reflecting the CAC and the
Council comments out for the public in June. We're really trying to make a
lot of progress over the next few months.           We would welcome your
comments and questions. I know there are people here who wish to speak.
I was hoping that the Mayor would invite members of the CAC to speak first
in the public comment period. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We're at 8:20 P.M.. I just want to note for my
colleagues that I have to leave for a flight at around 9:30 P.M.. Maybe in
the second section I may jump to the front on some comments. We can
now ask questions of Staff focused on the City-wide issues including
Stanford as well as specific to Stanford and then hold off on those questions
that are outside of that for when Council Member DuBois returns. Does
anybody have questions at this time on those broader, City-wide issues?

Vice Mayor Scharff: These are technical questions?

Mayor Burt: Yes. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just really briefly.      I hope this is Citywide. The
issue of having a combination of residential     and retail without office in it,
which is one of the things you covered, you      can do that already under the
existing Comp Plan, can't you? It's called out   someplace.

Mayor Burt: In zoning.

Council Member Filseth: If we zone for it, yeah.

Ms. Gitelman: There is the ability to do that. The CAC introduced in the
course of their work two separate policies or programs in this element
talking about enhancing or emphasizing that as a mixed-use strategy.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.
                                                                         Page 60 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
