                         TRANSCRIPT
      Alto  Regarding      Amortization  of   Nonconforming     Uses   at
      Communications & Power Industries LLC (CPI) Located at 607- 811
      Hansen Way (FIRST READING: February 28, 2016 PASSED: 9-0);” and
      Approval of Related Terms of Agreement Between the City and CPI.

Mayor Burt: That's a Motion to approve by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by
Council Member Kniss. Please vote on the board. Council Member Wolbach,
did you vote?

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: That passes unanimously. We'll move on to Action Items.

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 4, 6-10 PASSED: 9-0

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can I just make a statement?

Mayor Burt: You didn't vote against anything, so it's not really in order to
make a statement.

Vice Mayor Scharff:   I just want to congratulate the people from
Communications & Power Industries (CPI) (inaudible).

Action Items

13.   Discussion of Reallocation and Increase of Housing Units at Stanford
      University for Graduate Students and Possible Direction to Prepare a
      Comment Letter Regarding the Project to Santa Clara County.

Mayor Burt: Our next area of business is discussion of reallocation and
increase of housing units at Stanford University for graduate students and
possible direction to prepare a commend letter, comment—I was wondering
what a commend letter was—a comment letter regarding the project to the
County of Santa Clara. Welcome.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. As we heard during the Study Session, there was a
presentation from representatives from Stanford. This item was placed on
the Agenda ...

Mayor Burt: Before we go further, I'm being made aware that Council
Member DuBois needs to recuse himself. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I thought I was going to get to go home early
tonight, but we rearranged the order. Because I have a source of income

                                                                     Page 38 of 114
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 3/21/16
