                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. de Geus: If that's okay, Mayor Burt, I just had a response to Council
Member Berman's question about where the closest tennis courts. The other
tennis courts at another park are not that close, so they didn't come to mind
immediately. It'd be Hoover Park or Peers Park, the closest. The other
thing to mention is that the tennis courts are on dedicated parkland. That
may cause some issue and certainly is, if there are people who don't want to
see the fire station there. That could slow things down a little bit.

Council Member Wolbach: Could I ask Staff or City Attorney if there's any—
being dedicated parkland, does that prevent us—does that mean it's not
even an option after this consideration or could we still use it as a temporary
location for 18 months during tear down and reconstruction of Fire Station
3?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you for the question. Just stepping back
one second. Procedurally tonight what's noticed is the Geng Road site. If
the Council's direction is not to go full speed ahead and make that approval
on Geng Road, we would need to come back to you. There is additional
work to be done certainly with respect to neighborhood outreach but also
with respect to this question about the use of the site as a temporary fire
facility. We would need to do that and come back and advise you of whether
there is an issue there. We were focused on the various operational and
feasibility issues around the site, and that remains an issue that will need
additional work before we can say that the site can be used for this purpose.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: If I might just reinforce that same
point. I think we would take the Council's feedback, again, if there's not a
comfort with moving forward with the Geng Road site to take a closer look at
the tennis court site. As the City Attorney pointed out, while cost was a
factor as was laid out here, it was really the operational feasibility of Geng
Road that was driving the recommendation. With additional time, we should
take a closer look at the cost associated with the tennis courts. While we did
an initial cut at it, I would like to make sure that the costs are all in for
restoration of the courts post-temporary station along with the issue that the
City Attorney pointed out. I think we would suggest that, if the Council is
again not comfortable moving forward with Geng Road, we take it back to
Staff and bring it back for further consideration.

Council Member Wolbach: Do you have any estimation of how much
additional time that might mean?

Mr. Shikada: I would suggest that we also take the opportunity to do some
community outreach. I suspect we will generate some reaction. Take the
time to flesh out that reaction before we bring it back to Council.

                                                                       Page 41 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
