                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I don't want to underestimate the challenge of
coming up with a low-water use Ordinance. One of the speakers pointed out
a good way to start is take a look at the book that was handed out. It
shows the Bay Area natural environment. Ninety percent of the people of
Palo Alto, maybe 75 percent, live in lands that are naturally wet meadow
leading to salt flats. We've all seen pictures of Palo Alto in the '20s and
'30s; there's nothing here, nothing more than six inches off the ground, wet
meadow. Now we've covered a lot of that with concrete, so what is native
here that we can plant? We can't replant a wet meadow because there's
houses. We've created a canopy; it wasn't here in the 1920s. It has made
it a beautiful, peaceful, natural setting that's nonnative. How do we think
through ... There's the three goals you list: our plants should be native,
low-water use or no-water use. What does that mean in our natural setting
of wet meadow? Nothing fits in, nothing native would fit in our current
environment.      How do you think through creating a drought-tolerant
environment that still captures some of the urban beauty that we have? I
don't think it's easy. I think there will probably be an extensive dialog of
how do we deal with the canopy, how do we deal with what is native here,
what is the amount of water that we should be investing in our natural
beauty. I think there's some big challenges that won't be easy, but look
forward to coming back.

Mayor Burt: I'll just offer a few comments. First, I don't think that there's a
misconception that we're going to be able to restore our original natural
landscape, but we can move more in that direction over time. That's a really
valuable and important action for an environment where we have taken
away the natural habitat largely outside of our preserved areas. I want to
thank Shani Kleinhaus for providing these materials and the work that the
Audubon Society has done with Google in developing what I think is a really
important vision going forward. This is going to help provoke a discussion
about the convergence between a sustainable water supply and a
sustainable natural environment that, over time, will rebuild our natural
habitat and help recreate a local ecosystem that is not a foreign one, but
more aligned with our natural ecosystem. I'm also looking forward to
whatever portion of our Sustainability and Climate Action Summit will be
able to discuss these opportunities and tensions that, I think, can be
reconciled. Just on a specific level, I want to encourage Staff to include
considerations of permeability of hardscape as we go forward and thermal
impacts of landscape which are important environmental considerations as
well. On that note ...

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.
                                                                            Page 39 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
