                         TRANSCRIPT
challenges. We have our own lobbyist. They're paid on retainer; they don't
charge us by the hour. I was up in Sacramento recently and saw them at
work talking with the Governor's Office, the Speaker's Office and with our
legislators. They have a good relationship, and we should work that as well
as reaching out directly, of course, to our own legislators, Assembly Member
Gordon and Senator Hill. I know that they will be interested in hearing from
us as Council Members and from the City Staff directly as we work through
this in haste.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I pretty much like the direction this is going. I
don't intend to try to wordsmith this. I think there's a danger of trying to
include too many comments on what we think ought to be fixed, because it
looks like we're addressing a lot of things, like we've done our work. That's
not what I think we are doing tonight. I think we ought to pick two or three
areas where we fell like we can make some kind of reasonable comment.
The displacement comment, I think, is a serious one. I think there ought to
be a statement—I'll offer this is as a friendly amendment—that the text of
the letter at some point should address the counter—where did I have it?
I've got it here somewhere. More thoughtful legislation could potentially
address the potential contradictory outcome as to housing creation. In other
words, we've got—should address the potentiality of actual loss of housing
units.

Mayor Burt: Rather than saying more thoughtful or anything, why don't
we—and not a potentiality ...

Council Member Holman: I took that out.

Mayor Burt: How about if it just be a "D," that it establish a preference in
new development for displaced residents from the former development? Is
that what you were trying to get at?

Council Member Holman: Just generally, kind of as a sweeping statement
that, I think, several aspects of this legislation could actually be
counterproductive to housing creation.   I'm trying to make a general
statement, not just the displacement. Although, I think that's a serious
concern to that.

Mayor Burt: The maker and the seconder?

Council Member Holman:      The other thing that we haven't mentioned is
something that ...

                                                                          Page 47 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
