                          TRANSCRIPT
employee or the wait staff. That is their own transaction they're able to
make. That's why you can't force them to share with the back-of-house.
I've worked in back-of-house; I've been a dishwasher. I was lucky enough
to get tipped out whatever the wait staff was able to or willing to. That's
their call because they have the relationship—as service staff they have a
relationship with the customer. The tip is the customer's way of thanking
them for serving them well, being the person who's got their back talking to
the chef or whatever it is, depending on whatever the service might be.
Remember, tips aren't just about restaurants where you're sitting down,
you're there for a long time. You can go into a lot of cafes, and you see a
tip jar right there. People don't always tips 20 percent when you go into
Starbucks or something like that. That raises one of my several concerns
with this also. I have to be honest. I really think this opens up a huge
loophole. I understand the concerns that were raised by the business
community. I do. I don't agree with the philosophical approach and
understanding of what a tip is about. I'm also very concerned that if we
were to change the State law—if we were to advocate for changing the State
law, we'd be opening up a huge loophole, a loophole you could fly a jumbo
jet through. Any business could put out a tip jar, say that the people who
are interacting with the customer are tipped employees, and then they're
exempt from the minimum wage, whatever people put in that jar or not. I
do not support an automatic change in our local law. I do not support
changing at the State level. I would like to see that removed. I'll get to
hopefully friendly amendments in a moment. I'm also concerned about the
timeline here. I actually have two things I'm concerned about with the
timeline. I think they're both compromises. I think that we should go—I
think we should push back the first time. I think that January 1st is right
around the corner. I know we said in our existing Ordinance that we would
make announcements on October 1st, but I do think that January 1st is
really soon. I'd be open to seeing that next increase, whatever it is, pushed
back to April 1st. I'm also interested in seeing us move up the final step to
$15. I'll be proposing those as friendly amendments in just a second. I do
want to speak to this which is Palo Alto set a goal. We have it in writing,
and we set a goal of $15 by '18. That implied January 1st, 2018. Mountain
View is going to $15 January 1st 2018. Sunnyvale is going to $15 on
January 1st, 2018. I'm open to the compromise of start of the Fiscal Year,
July 1st, 2018. I think that's a compromise for those of us who are
committed to January 1st and have put Palo Alto as a leader, calling for that,
setting a goal of that. That is a hard pill to swallow, pushing it back 6
months. It would be six months faster than what's proposed here. I think
the Cities Association recommendations are great as a minimum. Palo Alto,
from our Colleagues Memo, to passing it, to having an Ordinance that went
into effect starting this year is setting a goal last year of $15 by '18. We set

                                                                         Page 85 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
