                          TRANSCRIPT
CAO or to fix a problem. That may or may not fall within our scope. If I
were the one, I'd feel a responsibility to do more than parse and sort out. If
I saw that there was a coaching opportunity or a training opportunity that
we could conceivably just make that known. However that's used, it's used.

Council Member Holman: That was recommended for a former CAO. Some
coaching was recommended. That's appropriate. I want to make sure,
though, that we're really clear. No one in current management am I
referring to here. I do want to make really sure that—how do I say this—
CAOs don't necessarily reign. Understanding situations that we currently
face or have in the past, I don't want any employee to feel like their input is
going to be challenged or they are just a—I have a little bit of a background
issue with the term "disgruntled employee." It also makes you think of that.
That's why we have the whistleblower hotline. I just want to make sure that
everybody's input is valued. Yes, recommendations can be made either
about the CAO or about an employee. That kind of falls in your hands a little
bit in making these evaluations and the input. That's why I said I think
you're very even-handed with this and don't have a bias. It's something I
think is central to a successfully run organization. It also falls to HR a lot,
because HR is often looked at in any organization as they're paid by the
organization so the employee—it's a little background on—we're not going to
solve that here. It is what it is. It's a sensitivity that I have and I know a
lot of people do have in organizations.        Again, I'm not talking about
individuals that are here now. I'm not talking about any of you guys.

Ms. Figone: If I could just share a few thoughts. Again, that's all it is. I
would say one reason why I made the recommendation to engage the
administration in the shaping of the tool is to ensure that you have their
buy-in. This tool is hopefully going to be useful not only to you to assess
what's going on but to them to ensure that they're good leaders and good
managers. Hopefully it's embraced from that perspective and not a got you
or a grievance mechanism or micromanaging mechanism. I think that's
really important, because you have four CAOs who are your executives. I
would want them, if I were in your shoes, to understand the purpose for this
and to buy into its value. I guess that's just my comment. I would hope
that if we went on and shaped this, you would embrace the idea of us having
participation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Was there anything else we didn't address that you
would like us to address?

Ms. Figone: I guess not. What I'm hearing, if I could just recap, is hurray
for a compressed schedule and let's make that work. The Clerk would have
the latitude to work in that manner. You're leaving it to us right now to

                                                                                    Page 16 of 20
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript 11/16/16
