                          TRANSCRIPT
get on the agenda critical policy issues. Number two, support Staff in
getting appropriate data out to the public on those critical policy issues.
Three, welcome public and Council member comments on that discussion.
Four, bring to a vote before midnight when Council Members, Staff members
and the public are available on the critical issues. It's also important in the
agenda that it reflect Council's role of oversight. On the agenda should be
important items on finance, budget, contracts, decisions that are being
made, so Council can provide their oversight. The Council is the meeting
point of citizens and governance. Let's all work together to make sure we
make it continue that way. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Tom and I are sharing a mike tonight, so bear with
me. First of all, I want to thank—this will come later—Karen and Greg;
thank you so much for your service this year. It's been so appreciated.
You've offered a great deal of guidance. Also, thanks to everyone who's out
here in the audience, especially lots of my former colleagues and a
Supervisor or two and the rest of you. It's wonderful to see this great
audience tonight. Starting with last year, I think a couple have already
mentioned it. We're heading into 2016. We have a City Council that has
gone from having marked differences, I think, in early 2015. Now we are a
far more collaborative and consensus-oriented governing body. However, I
think 2016 is still going to be a challenge as we carry our priorities from last
year. Our priorities from last year, you won't be surprised to learn, include
actually finishing the Comprehensive Plan. We have great hopes for the
Comprehensive Plan. Also, maintaining our infrastructure. We've done a
good job on that, but we have a long way to go. Perhaps finally getting fiber
to the home; that would be such an accomplishment. We will need a strong,
balanced and focused Mayor to create these results. I'm nominating Pat
Burt tonight, who has a history of effective leadership in the private sector,
the Planning and Transportation Commission, Mayor and having chaired
multiple City Council Committees as well as regional bodies. He recognizes
that these leadership roles, rather than having a strong position of what one
would do, this is a chance to lead and hopefully get a good outcome within
our region, a big challenge. Mann said a leader must be a consensus
builder, a thinker and communicate effectively in real time and accept the
responsibility to exercise fairness and balance to everyone. Pat has strong
knowledge and insights in the range of issues that the City Council must
address. Planning, he spent eight years on the Planning Commission.
Transportation, as I said spent eight years on Planning and Transportation.
Finance, utilities, sustainability, community services and finances. He has
served now almost 17 years, if I'm adding it correctly. He has served us
well as a City. This Council is coalescing around measures that maintain the
                                                                           Page 3 of 23
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/4/16
