                           TRANSCRIPT
the blue suggested is not a jarring shade of blue and allows us to retain
green for other City purposes.

Council Member Schmid: For my second, the slide on the screen shows that
it's cleaner, more readable, a stronger contrast, better while moving to see.
It just seems to be more effective.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say I could live with either.

Council Member DuBois: I don't want to abstain.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Holman: I only want to respond to that because if you look
at this and you're saying that the blue is cleaner, there are very different
designs that you see in front of you.

Mayor Burt: We're voting on the Substitute Motion which is blue signs. That
passes 5-2 with Council Members Holman and Kniss voting no.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED:              5-2 Holman, Kniss no, Filseth, Scharff
absent

Mayor Burt: Now we can move on to ...

Council Member Kniss: Don't blame us.

Mr. Keene: I'm still hanging with my sisters.

Council Member Kniss: Shall I continue with the Motion?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Council Member Kniss: The second part of the Motion—looking down at you,
Jim—unless you want to alter some of the wording in it, is to direct the Staff
to prepare plans and estimates for construction and installation of
automated parking guidance system, heretofore known as APGS, with
preference for single space monitoring in the Downtown Palo Alto parking
garages and solicit bids when funding becomes available. Unless Staff
wishes to add something to that, that is the Motion.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to direct Staff to prepare plans and estimates for construction and
installation of Automated Parking Guidance System (APGS) with preference

                                                                        Page 73 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
