                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'd love to truly believe that, but in the last 4 years
we saw so many trees in our neighborhood really stressed. Pardon?

Mayor Burt:    That's because we have a bunch of water-sucking trees that
are planted.

Council Member Kniss: If what we're saying is plant a different kind of tree
that is not going to absorb the water. However, I think people are always
tempted to water their trees. I'm not discouraging you from doing it, but I
do know that—I've heard Marty Digler [phonetic] any number of times talk
about going to East Palo Alto and watering the trees that they had put in. It
just doesn't mention that anywhere in here. I do know there is an issue with
trees and water. I don't think we should totally ignore it.

Mr. Passmore: Agree.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just wanted to enthusiastically support what
you're doing, getting a document that can help everyone in the City realize
the beauties around them and their own responsibilities for doing it. I guess
the one part that hasn't been integrated in this is what you're doing in south
Palo Alto. I think the very much appreciated detail that you're going
through of surveying, asking, looking for things that can be done and
realizing that the way of encouragement might be different than has been
carried on in the past. I want to encourage you to do that and see what
learnings might come from that that can be integrated into the document. I
guess the last thing I'd say is just when you do get your Master Plan to think
through seriously how to best reach the broad audience with it. Having a
document is a good thing, but people are making decisions with their local
nurseries and how can you reach where people are making their decisions.
That should be an element of your thought process. Of course, financial
support for how you can get information out to as wide a range as possible
in as many venues as possible. Anything you need, if you can come back
and talk to us.

Mayor Burt: I'd just like to say, once again, thanks to both our community
advisory group members and our Staff for really some great progress on
this. I want to touch on just a couple of things. The issue that Council
Member Kniss just brought up really reiterates that we really should be
perhaps making people more aware of what trees, aside from our indigenous
trees that are designed to necessarily survive with our natural rainfall, but
what non-indigenous trees are better suited. We didn't used to plant with
those considerations. We have lovely magnolias that are designed for really
much wetter environments, and we saw that those were the ones among
                                                                      Page 106 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
