                          TRANSCRIPT
the multifamily ordinance that we have actually stopped in Public Works
working on.

Mayor Burt: I've got it in the parking lot discussion. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I don't care about this going in the parking lot.
While we're on the page and dealing with golf course configuration, I see the
current budget is (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Wait just a sec.      We're wrapping up Police.     We're not on
anything on a page.

Council Member Kniss: Sorry. I got excited.

Mayor Burt: It was because smoking ban had a PD under department
support. Are we done with Police Department stuff? Thank you, Chief.
Council Member DuBois, what was the next department?

Council Member DuBois: I'm just keeping track of departments here.                  I
think Development Services, which should be easy.

Mayor Burt: Where are we?

Council Member DuBois: Page 5.

Mayor Burt:     Does anyone have any issues they want to raise on
Development Services? It's just those three items on page 5 that are the
only ones listed, unless there's something not listed. Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: On the seismically vulnerable building ordinance,
Item 16, if Staff wanted to give us just a real quick update. I saw it's yellow
and just want to give Staff a chance to weigh in very briefly on that. I'm not
sure it needs to move to the parking lot, but I just wanted to hear maybe
some reassurance from Staff.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director: A recap of where we are.
We had a little bit of an issue getting started through the RFQ/RFP process;
that slowed us down a few months. Once we got the contracts on board, we
started straight away. We're not too far off. We still expect to make
significant progress this calendar year. If not by the end, first part of next
calendar year we should be wrapping this up.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks.


                                                                        Page 49 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
