  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

So how big of a wish is this? Well we have actually a program in Palo Alto
with a success level of Copenhagen for biking and it is our Safe Routes to
School Program. This started out 15 plus years ago and we have some of
the leaders in that program here tonight. And it has taken us up to whether,
where we are now at middle school around 50 percent of riders and at high
school about 45 percent, but it doesn’t come [applause]. Ok. It doesn’t
come just by telling kids ride your bike. We have to make the routes safe in
the City for what a dozen plus years has had Safe Routes to School as our
number one transportation priority on traffic calming and then a whole
bunch of education programs like what you see here that goes and teaches
kids, you know if you look back at this slide you see over in the upper right
that’s a training program. How do you teach kids to ride safely and make
sure that it is something that they are going to be able to do in a safe way
and that they know where to go and just all these different components and
it really ends up resulting in this kind of data.

Now it’s hard to read the bottom lines, the first two ones on the left are not
individual years. They’re 1985 back before we and other communities saw a
steep drop off in bike riding to school. 1993 is the next one and then you
see the year 2000 is the lowest. And that’s when we started this program.
And so we were just about 10 percent of high schoolers, this is the high
school data, riding their bikes to school. And we are now almost 45 percent.
Imagine if we had several thousand more cars on the road every peak hour.
So we have what is it now, 14,000 kids or so we’re up to in the schools?
And about half are riding bikes, but remember if the parent had to take
them it’s a car trip each direction. So about half are doing it, ballpark we
have 14,000 fewer car trips as a result of the kids taking what we’re doing to
school and about 12,000 fewer than if we hadn’t done anything. Actually if
we hadn’t done anything remember that the trend was downward and all the
traffic of parents dropping off kids, racing around the schools is part of what
makes kids uncomfortable with having their kids ride to school. So we went
from a vicious cycle to a virtuous cycle and that’s what we’re doing. We can
do this throughout our community and these are teens remember. So these
are teens who if they wanted just got their driver’s license can show off they
drive a car, and we’re getting this kind of ridership.

So we got some other problems. I mentioned earlier that we have a whole
series of challenges over climate change and water when we had the
drought it really hit people at a very visceral level. Even more than kind of
thinking about climate change and the energy role, water hits people. Water
hits us a bunch of ways. We get 45 percent of our clean electricity from
hydroelectric power, but that’s dropped during the drought and it’s actually
                                                                           Page 14 of 18
                                                               State of the City Address
                                                                                 2/24/16
