                          TRANSCRIPT
unfortunately a poor track record of corruption, they recently started using
an Open Budget Platform, somewhat like ours here in Palo Alto. It's having
material impact on the reduction of corruption in that country, just by using
the open data solution. This is highly valuable and globally embraced. What
is the future here for us at the City of Palo Alto? We're going to continue to
post more and more data sets. The more data sets we get out there, the
more value there is. We're going to continue to update data. One of the
things we are experimenting with and continue to experiment with is to
make the data what we call near real time. For example, when somebody
submits for a permit request today, in less than 24 hours that permit is
available to anyone in the world through our open data platform. There are
a lot of interested people in that data. Finally, we look to mature the
platform. How can we in the City of Palo Alto align with the global initiatives
around the work we're doing? The dominant, globally adopted approach to
open data is through a forum called the Open Government Partnership, of
which the President of the United States and other leaders around the world
signed off on to really show commitment and value in the open data work.
There's lots of outcomes from that that even a City of our size can adopt and
use to mature and bring even more value to our data efforts. That's a quick
update. Now what I want to do is shift to our digital services. They're not
completely disconnected topics. The most valuable digital solutions in any
organization are those that either create very valuable data or run using
very valuable data. It might surprise you to learn that the City of Palo Alto
has over 60 digital services. These are either services you can access using
a smart phone or tablet or a website that you can go to, to conduct City
business. More and more of what we do at City Hall can be done in your
pajamas from the luxury of your home without having to come, wait in line
at City Hall. Every few months, we add additional services to that. Just to
sort of put a bottom line on this. This is industry wide; a manual process
costs per transaction anywhere from $35-65. On the high end it's $65.
Here at the City of Palo Alto, IT delivers a lot of our help desk support at
around the $35 mark per transaction. When it's done digitally, it's measured
in pennies, much less than a dollar. We have a cost opportunity, not only a
quality and efficiency opportunity, but over time as you get more and more
services online, one would hope you would see the downstream impact of
less cost for a lot of these services. What are some of the examples? You
can access these right now or after this event. We have services that
provide good information for community members and others around crime,
crime data. People can pay for their utilities bill. We're making some
significant improvements on that in the months ahead. They can participate
in government through their comments on Open City Hall. We have really a
wide range of digital solutions now around the permitting process, the work
that Peter Pirnejad is doing at the Development Center, to support more
transparency and more capabilities in the City's Development Services. In
                                                                         Page 7 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
