                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Council Member Wolbach: That is what the maximum feasible was according
to the nexus study. Was that correct? For hotels, we've just established
that is the maximum feasible. I spoke against that. Let's see. For single-
family detached, it would be $50, which is below the feasible. Retail and
restaurant, it was not really applicable because the nexus study didn't really
identify that. Single-family attached, it's at $50, which is less than the
feasible. If I'm getting any of these wrong, either the maker or Staff please
chime in. Feel free to interrupt me. Market-rate condo, we're looking at
$50, which is less than the $75, which was the maximum feasible. For
market-rate rental, we did reduce it to substantially below the feasible.
Again, I do think that it is—it puts us in a tough spot as I think we all know.
I'm not talking about politically. I think it puts us in a tough spot if we adopt
fees that are all the way at the maximum feasible. I'll just state that again.
I'll make a friendly amendment to—I have a couple, but I'll do them
individually—lower the office and R&D to $40 per square foot. I'll hope that
that is a friendly amendment.

Council Member DuBois: No. (Inaudible) discussion (inaudible). Sorry.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second it.

Council Member DuBois: The same discussion we just had around hotel.

Council Member Wolbach:        It's seconded by—did I hear that I've got a
second for that one?

[Ms. Gitelman nods her head throughout this and does not speak.]

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to add to the Motion, “lower the fee for Office/R&D to $40 per square
foot.”

Mayor Burt: You've already spoken to it. Do you need to speak again?

Council Member Wolbach: No, I don't.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff, do you need to speak again?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I think Council Member Wolbach is correct.
Only in Palo Alto could we decide to double the fee and be decided that we
shouldn't go at 300 percent of the fee. I agree with Council Member
Wolbach. To move it all the way up to the maximum feasible and triple the
fee seems like an extreme move. Doubling seems like we're addressing the
problem. Tripling it seems extreme. I believe to be moderate in all things.
                                                                           Page 74 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
