                          TRANSCRIPT

were more opportunities to discuss how the City and the schools would be
talking to one another about the common needs. Certainly services for
teens was another area that the CAC and the subcommittee concentrated
on. Over the last few years with all the issues that are going on, they
wanted more focus on those activities. These would be programs that could
be pointed to helping the teens in the community. Emphasis on the diversity
of the City programming. The pride in the City not only comes with what
goes on here, but what government provides them back. We're very rich in
diversity of services. There was more of a focus in the draft on bringing that
up. The customer service redefinition, this was one of the more lively
discussions we had at the CAC and the subcommittee. The idea of customer
service wasn't exactly—the terminology wasn't exactly something, I think, a
lot of people were comfortable with because they believed—we've heard it
from some residents who have come to Oral Communications—that it's
something above just simple customer service. We're not just selling items.
We're not working at a retail store. We're doing something beyond that.
There was a focus on trying to find terminology that reflected that. Second
to last is metrics. I think particularly the gentleman to my right, but many
members of the subcommittee wanted to make sure that not only were we
including more opportunities for metrics and data, but how we would use
them in the future and then how that use would be reflected back in reports
or what will we do in the future. Finally, you should have seen a very strong
connection to the upcoming Parks Master Plan process, particularly as it
relates to our parklands. That process is ongoing, and it was only fair that
we make a connection back to that document. Again, this is reflected in
your Staff Report. What you should find is a document that's fairly familiar
to you. There are a number of additions related to the themes that you saw
prior, but it should be something that reminds you of what we're
comfortable with. The CAC was pretty happy with its bones and used it for
basis of improvement. There was a strong focus on better aligning the
policies and programs with the goals, and the narrative was considerably
strengthened, in particular to libraries and the arts and culture piece. With
that, I wanted to give Don a few moments to share his reflections on the
Element.

Don McDougall, CAC Member: Without reiterating much of what Jeremy
said, I think the things that we tried to do was listen to what the Council had
said in a very early meeting. I don't even have a date on it, but a very early
meeting where they talked about this Element relative to diversity of the
people in the community. As Jeremy said, we had many people come and
speak.     The people who came and spoke, spoke an awful lot about
disadvantaged people, so we tried to make sure we were listening to the
                                                                         Page 15 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
