                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Those are the total number of daily permits sold for the duration
of Phase 1.

Council Member Schmid: For three months.

Mr. Mello: Six months.

Council Member Schmid: Six months.

Mr. Mello: They're not all used at the same time. A lot of them are probably
sitting in drawers or in office, in desks.

Council Member Schmid: I think the attempt here is to get some notion of
the intrusion, that if we set a limit of 2,000 but actually it means 3,000 or
2,500 plus two-hour parking. The residents see there's no spaces.

Mr. Mello: One of the things that we have proposed is to do quarterly
monitoring of the occupancy by zone, so we would collect the occupancy
data that we have been collecting throughout Phase 1, and we would look at
what the occupancy rates are in the ten zones. If we start to see saturation
in one zone, we could ratchet down the permits in that particular zone and
maybe assign them to a different zone. We have included a monitoring plan
in this proposal.

Council Member Schmid: Let's see. I would like to propose one thing added
to "G" that we establish—if the stakeholder group is not going to be
continued after a certain period, you say quarterly "public meetings." I think
it would be good to have a quarterly return to the Council with an update
just as you said for the public meeting, but it would be a formal place where
stakeholders, residents can meet in an open session with the Council. Is
that acceptable?

Council Member DuBois: Quarterly seems like a lot.

Council Member Kniss: You want a quarterly report from stakeholders?

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Schmid, I think we'd be happy to provide the
data that we collect to the Council in the form of an informational report. I
wouldn't want to commit to every quarter having a meeting like this. Maybe
the first few times we can come in an open session and discuss what we're
learning and if we need to make adjustments. As the program continues,
I'm hoping we can transition to providing you with a report. If the report
identifies something that you don't like, you could request that we put it on
your Agenda.


                                                                      Page 113 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
