                          TRANSCRIPT
thirds supermajority requirement. Looking at the degree to which voters
move around allows us to segment them into three groups. We've got
roughly two in five voters who throughout the survey indicated they would
vote yes; a little under 1 in 5 who throughout the survey indicated they
would vote no; and then a sizable subgroup that we classify as swing voters
because they either were consistently undecided or shifted opinions in any
direction. For the measure to be successful, it would require the support of
a sizable majority of those swing voters to ultimately favor the measure.
Here you'll see the demographic subgroups of Palo Alto voters that were
disproportionately likely to fall into one or the other of these categories. Not
very surprising overall. Generally speaking the strongest supporters tend to
be Democratic, younger, middle income, a little bit more likely to be female
than male. A pretty typical profile for any kind of revenue measure.
Whereas, the opponents tend to be more Republican and independent, male,
and generally speaking somewhat older. That leaves us with a group in the
middle there that includes a number of seniors, a number of more
conservative voters, lower income voters and communities of color that tend
to be more in the uncertain or persuadable category. We tested four
messages that might be arguments in favor of such a measure. You'll see
those detailed here. We asked the respondents to indicate whether each
was a very convincing or somewhat convincing or not convincing reason to
support the measure. Each of the items we tested led around two-thirds to
rate it at least somewhat convincing. Typically we're looking for messages
that at least 40 percent rate as very convincing; that's the hallmark of
something that's really got some significant persuasive power. None of
them quite reach that threshold; although, three of them are in the mid to
upper-30s. Those are messages arguing that it's fair to have businesses pay
more for transportation improvements since they have an impact on the
transportation system as well as on parking. They talked about the growth
of businesses in the community as well. Then I noted that the City of Palo
Alto does not have a business license tax, unlike many other Bay Area cities
and, therefore, this could provide a compensation for the gap in City
revenues that results. Here you'll see the reactions to those messages
among the three subgroups I highlighted before, the yes voters, the swing
voters, the no voters. You'll see that the base supporters of the measure
find each of these messages to be a compelling reason to vote yes. The no
voters largely reject most of them. About two-thirds of the swing voters see
each of them as a strong rationale for a yes vote. We also highlighted a
number of reasons that opponents might raise for voting no on the measure,
including criticism that the measure will have a negative impact on
businesses that already are facing a lot of expenses, might need to cut jobs
or relocate, and then noting the presence of other tax measures that are
going to be on the November ballot at both the county and state levels.
Here you'll see after that opposition message the way that support drops
                                                                        Page 108 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
