                          TRANSCRIPT
requests for waivers that have gone to Staff to inform our thinking about
what we might want to do on a more broad level. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I agree with your approach of looking at the
broader issues. I think that will help inform the individual and specific
issues.

Mayor Burt: Hearing Council Member Kniss have a similar perspective.
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I would just recommend that even if we break up
the questions like that, when it comes time for motions and for some
discussion maybe allow across all the topics. Completely segregating one
topic from another might actually limit the range of conversation.

Mayor Burt: I think the review of a specific waiver is going to need to be
separated. We can have a variety of topics that are discussed in the same
broad discussion about any ways we implement or contend with requests for
waivers on the Interim Ordinance, and then the discussion about direction to
Staff on the permanent Ordinance. I think then we have to deal discretely
with a specific waiver request. Unless others feel differently, then I think we
can begin with the discussion about—the Staff Report first—where we stand
on the broader issues of both where we're going on the long-term ordinance
and kind of the set of problems that Staff is being presented with on
properties that are seeking waivers to the Interim Ordinance. I don't know if
I've just muddled the Staff presentation or helped you divide it. Why don't
you go ahead and proceed within that context as best you can.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm joined by Jonathan Lait and Cara Silver of the City Attorney's
Office who is also going to chip in this evening. We do have, as the Mayor
indicated, kind of a complicated set of issues associated with the City's
Interim Retail Preservation Ordinance. This presentation was put together
before the discussion you just had, so it deals with these things in the order
that they were presented in the Staff Report. I hope you'll let me present
them in that order, and then we can (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: How about if you skip over the specific waiver things, and we'll
then come back to that with a focus after we've done the broad discussion?

Ms. Gitelman: I really wanted to start with kind of a review of the
Ordinance. It sort of all blends together.

Mayor Burt: Okay.
                                                                       Page 42 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
