                          TRANSCRIPT
province. The amount of heroin that comes out of Afghanistan has tripled in
the last few years. These are by the United Nations Office of Drugs and
Crime. The point here is that the only rationale for doing this was, as stated
in your documents here from the City Attorney, to maintain the status quo,
which I have just said is unsustainable, and to avoid confusion. Any action
tonight would create confusion because you need to wait until the people
vote on this issue, an issue that may well be defeated in the referendum in
part because there are important criminal interests that don't want
legalization to take place. One of the problems with this whole quandary
that you're faced with here tonight is the main people opposing this are kids
that think the age should be set at 18, not 21, and people that have profited
tremendously in California. You have to realize this is the biggest cash crop
in California in agriculture. The point of making it possible for people to
grow six plants and contrary to what you were told, the plants cannot be
visible from the public byways, and they need to be in a locked area. I've
read the 30 pages here in the document, which is also before you. They
have to be in a locked area, and they have to be not visible from the
roadway. There's various things you can do for indoors by the Utilities
Department. I'm sure there's software that any spike in the water and
electrical rates would be able to spot an indoor operation. There's problems
with both the re-regulation or whatever you want to call it and the acting
before the people have voted. If we're a skiff, we'd all be sailors. You have
no idea if Proposition 64 is going to pass. You'd look a little foolish, I think,
if you took action tonight in a prophylactic or proactive way.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Scott Lane.

Scott Lane: Welcome again. First off, I want to agree with the other
speakers against prohibition. I wrote about an 80-page document about
this. I became an accidental activist. I don't even use the product.
However, let me tell you what is the crisis here. The League of Cities
produced a crisis document. They have been used by anti-legalization
efforts for years. The Staff knew this was coming. This has been put off. It
could have been addressed ages ago. Let me go back. What is a crisis?
What is causing the crisis? If you're worried about people getting hurt or
killed from this—that's usually what the crisis is—or kids, this is obviously a
specious argument in many cases. What is the death? In five minutes—let
me go back. In 1.2 minutes, someone—every 1.2 minutes someone dies
from cigarettes. Every five minutes, someone does from prescription drugs.
Every 19 minutes, someone in this country will die from opioid prescription
pain killers. What is the real issue? Are you concerned about kids? Are you
concerned about people having marijuana and getting drunk driving? It is
fact that there is no test for drugged driving, because cannabis affects
people differently. There's a long history of what they tried to do. Maybe
                                                                         Page 83 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
