                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Where are you?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm on Page 8 of the Staff Report; that's Packet
Page 317. There's a chart at the very top, which it says criteria. Alternative
1 and Alternative 2 are the columns. Am I reading that correctly?

Mr. Mello: Yes. Alternative 1 does not include any capacity improvements
for motor vehicles. Alternative 2 includes the dedicated right turn-lanes at
both Town and Country and El Camino. There'd be a small improvement
with an average reduced delay of 2.5 seconds with Alternative 2.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to be clear. What we're really looking
at is, even with the added right turn-lanes, you're looking at only improving
the average car trip by 2 1/2 seconds, which is—given how bad the
congestion there is and how the trips are, 2.5 seconds is not monumental.
Again, I just wanted to make sure I was reading this correctly before we
move on. Next area of questions. Actually they weren't numbered. You're
pointing to the risk that currently exists for pedestrians and bicyclists on the
northwest side of Embarcadero as they have to cross what's essentially an
exit from Embarcadero for people coming off of Embarcadero either onto
High or onto Alma.        You've shown that you're going to add even in
Alternative 1 a right turn-lane, which improves bike and ped safety on that
side, the northwest side of Embarcadero. I'm wondering if it's planned to be
included or is there a possibility to include or a plan to include any kind of
press button, flashing lights of any kind for that crosswalk for bicyclists or
pedestrians. Is that something that's planned? Is that something that could
be added easily?

Mr. Mello: There's an existing rectangular, rapid-flashing beacon at that
crosswalk. If we added a cycle track, we would want to think about how
that detects bicyclists on the cycle track. Right now, it's push-button
actuated for pedestrians.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for reminding me about that. We
received a letter from the public, from Steven Rosenblum, that raises a
question that relates to a lot of other conversations we've had on this
Council, the question of Caltrain grade separation. I don't want to preempt
the work of our Rail Committee on this, and I don't want to go too deep into
this. I know that one of the most popular, discussed options for Caltrain
grade separation eventually is simply for the southern half of Palo Alto to
grade separate at Embarcadero and—sorry, at Charleston and Meadow but
not at Churchill or Embarcadero or University. I just wanted to ask is there
any discussion at this point about potentially grade separating throughout
the entire length of Palo Alto.

                                                                         Page 64 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
