                          TRANSCRIPT
according to the goals we've written down and established as a community.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Tessa Woodmansee, to be
followed by Neilson Buchanan.

Tessa Woodmansee, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: I really appreciate
what Andrew was saying, because this is like my first time really walking in
Palo Alto since I've been dealing with multiple sclerosis. Multiple sclerosis is
a disease that comes from our pollution. They're finding our autoimmune
diseases are rising. It actually was not very easy walking around your town.
It's not very really walkable-friendly, and it could be better, the sidewalks
and everything like that. What he's saying of bringing more cars into your
community. Even when we got off the bus and we were supposed to go
down towards University after we were walking down, that—when you're at
Alma and University there, it looks like an onramp of how high-speed the
traffic was going, that we were almost scared to walk down there. We
walked down the latent street or whatever. Those are some of the issues.
We really don't need more parking. We really need to move away from that
as a modality. When they talk about transportation demand management,
this philosophy of managing demand accepts that meeting unfettered
demand, which is cars. It's unfettered. There's an unlimited amount of cars
that we're going to have in our community in the single occupancy modality.
The issue of thinking that you're going to move away from your greenhouse
gas reductions, which I honor you for having that even in your plan. I do
appreciate that. However, to think that the electric car is going to be the
solution towards bringing us to the reductions in greenhouse gas is
foolhardy. One, you still have the car. The car is the problem. The car is
not human scale. It drives too fast. You have the anonymity of tinted
windows and everything like that. You still have those issues of having a
form of transportation that isn't human scale. That doesn't help with
creating more livable, sustainable neighborhoods.         They say that the
demand for travel needs to be managed by expanding the supply and
availability of more sustainable alternatives. That's what we hope for.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Neilson Buchanan to be followed by Sandra Slater.

Neilson Buchanan, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Thank you, Mayor
Burt. I'm sitting here trying to think of a way to say what I've said so
frequently over the last several years, a new way. I'm thinking of my
grandchildren's little toy of years ago. When they would pound down one
side of a wooden peg, and they would flip it over, and they would pound it
down on the other side. Let me use that metaphor of sorts. Permit parking

                                                                          Page 23 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
