                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Peter, I'd look forward to some way to deal with
the other situation at some point in time. Looking to you again, Peter. You
know how much I really appreciate what's on—the easy way to find it is
Slide 5, that first item there. You know how much I absolutely appreciate
that. The deconstruction survey is required for a residential demolition
permit. I so very much appreciate that. I have a couple of questions, if I
could. Who has access to doing those surveys? Is there some kind of
qualification for those entities?

Mr. Pirnejad: We've gone through an extensive process of background
checking and talking to the industry professionals in this area. I'm going to
pass this over to Melanie Jacobson to address. We were prepared for this
question.

Council Member Holman: Thank you a lot.

Ms. Jacobson: To respond to your question, we reached out to the reuse
people, which is the main vendor in the area, to vet the process. In terms of
the third-party people that would be qualified, there would be a set of
performance requirements that will be developed with the Green Building
Advisory Group in collaboration with the reuse people. There is a whole
separate process that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has actually
identified related to the—there's a tax deduction associated with the
deconstruction.     That's a starting point.        The industry is quite
underdeveloped. The hope is that we can spur this as a local industry. We'll
start with the—there's six organizations that do appraisals. That's all based
on the IRS guidelines. We'll use that as the qualification for the third-party
vendors and partner with organizations such as the reuse people to actually
go out and do the site visit, where they go through and determine which
items can be reused safely and which items need to be recycled and so
forth.

Council Member Holman: You mentioned there are six organizations. The
owner or contractor will have the opportunity or the City chooses which one
of those six organizations does a particular building?

Ms. Jacobson: It's the third-party vendor, such as the reuse people, that
decides which appraiser they use. The City will be able to provide a list of
the third-party vendor that would go out and do the site assessment. The
entity doing the site assessment would then go to the appraiser to do the
next step, if they go for the donation and then the tax incentive.

Council Member Holman: Am I understanding this correctly that the Reuse
Company is the one that will then identify the third party? What about other
companies who do what Reuse does?
                                                                       Page 44 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
