                          TRANSCRIPT
both of you, in fact. Thank you. A much less precise kind of question.
Looking at the entire county and knowing that the papers will cover some of
the other cities and what they have on the ballot, as you're looking around
within a 25-mile radius or so, where do you see other taxes of this nature
going on the ballot?

Mr. Metz: I will defer to others who may have a more thorough knowledge
of this. I know it's been discussed in other communities. I'm not aware of
another one that's moving it forward in November.

Mr. Heath:    I don't know of other cities considering a similar measure
currently.

Council Member Kniss: San Jose did consider it but didn't go ahead with it?

Mayor Burt: No, they have their business tax.

Mr. Keene: No, they're looking at an increase in their business license tax.

Council Member Kniss: This is sort of cutting some—we're cutting into some
new territory, right?

Mr. Metz: Yes. I'm also not aware of a previous measure using this
structure that's been approved in the Bay Area. Charles, I don't know if
you're ...

Mr. Heath: Just a head tax.

Mr. Metz: A head tax, yeah, (crosstalk).

Mr. Heath: No, not a pure head tax.

Council Member Kniss: Not in the Bay area. I think you've addressed the
VTA issue very well. I know the housing bond went on relatively recently. I
think an advantage for us is knowing that VTA is already on and has been
voted into place for it being on the fall ballot. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just one question. Thank you and nice to see you
again. Just one question I think might benefit members of Council who were
not on the Committee to hear and perhaps members of the public who aren't
aware of this too. On Slide 20, you compare the County measure and state
accurately that it loses support after voters hear about a potential local tax.
What I didn't hear in the presentation—it's not certainly in our packet—is
that's a six point differential. The impact on the County tax measure itself
                                                                         Page 53 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
