                            TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: We might.

Mr. Lait: We can pull up those context-based standards and show the
Council what the requirements are for the different areas. That might just
take a minute to get it on the board here. Let me just see if I can find it on
my system. I'm going to look at the El Camino area right now. 18.16.090,
if you have access to the Zoning Code from where you are, you can see
these standards as well.

Council Member Holman: I'm not really comfortable doing this like this. We
don't have anything in front of us to look at. I do want to move forward, but
…

Mr. Lait:   I'm just trying to answer the question about the difference
between the Downtown criteria and the El Camino criteria. Amy's telling me
there is no difference. There's no difference? Okay.

Mayor Burt: We have—Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just to follow up on this so that I'm clear. If we
were to remove the reference to Downtown Business District and the
California Business District, on 2(c), would that then make sense? It'll be
providing emphasis on one of these findings.

Mr. Lait: It reduces some of the complexity.

Council Member DuBois: Can we avoid setting new boundaries that would
need to be kept in sync over time?

Mr. Lait: The one challenge that I'll suggest is that, I think, the reason it got
focused on the Downtown and California Avenue is because it may be that
there are other parts of the City that you may not want to emulate in terms
of its pattern or in terms of the size and proportions. We have a lot of older,
one-story buildings on El Camino. New development could be hard pressed
to emulate that.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just trying to understand. How does it marry
up with what you just said, that under one it would have to follow the
Context Based Design Criteria on El Camino?

Mr. Lait: That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: If we had one-story buildings on El Camino, is …

Mr. Lait: You do have the context based criteria. I'm focusing on 2(c) and
trying to understand the impact of removing the geographic boundaries that
                                                                           Page 44 of 56
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/14/16
