                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Robert Laubach, to be followed
by Rachel Hamilton.

Mr. Laubach: Hello, my name's Robert Laubach. I am the structural design
contractor for the project. I first wanted to thank the Architectural Review
Board, because we've had interactions with them at a high level of detail,
and Amy in particular has done an unbelievable job being in a position that's
somewhat impossible in the sense that the City's RFP had very stringent,
specific requirements around the fact that absolutely under no circumstances
could any of the designs interfere with any existing parking stalls, because
they were a revenue generation element to it. Obviously if we're going to
build on the top of a parking garage, there is an implied understanding when
you put out an RFP to build solar on top of a garage that it is going to be tall
enough for cars to fit under. We're dealing with being responsive to the
requirements of the City's RFP and still in compliance with all of the review
board constraints to making sure that Palo Alto preserves its design
standards and its aesthetics and those sorts of things. In order to do that,
the inevitable reality is that the solar support structure has to be held up by
the perimeter walls of the garages. There is really no other way to build it if
you're going to put solar on top of these garages, which gives us two issues.
One, I just want to point out that the design is as low as we can possibly get
it and still meet the minimum requirements for access underneath, number
one. Number two, it also does accommodate the requirement to not
interfere with any existing parking stalls. With those two elements, what the
Architectural Review Board is asking is very reasonable, which is we've got
two priorities that are equally as important. Let's make a determination.
The delta between 50 feet and 57 feet theoretically and your structures all
have elevator shafts, hand rails and other things that already exceed those
limits. It's a very responsible sort of design approach with the intention of
giving you what you want, which is renewable energy production on your
public facilities that's really a precedent for a culture that is sensitive to the
new environmental world that we're living in. I applaud you guys for sort of
going down the road. We've built a bunch of these garages, and they work
and they work well. The ancillary benefit of the shaded parking is definitely
something that we always get feedback on in a positive way. Thank you for
your time. I trust that you'll recognize the fact that you're your own
customer, which kind of creates a little bit of circular reference that we just
need to overcome so we can get this project off the ground. Thank you for
your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rachel Hamilton, to be
followed by our final speaker, Zach Rubin. Welcome.



                                                                          Page 53 of 100
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/26/16
