                          TRANSCRIPT
Ordinance Approving Revisions to the Architectural Review Findings … to a
date uncertain.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff. Did you say you seconded it?

Council Member Kniss: I did.

Mayor Burt: Second by Council Member Kniss. Did you want to speak?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt: Speak?

Council Member Kniss: She has a question (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: I understand that, and I need to ask the maker and the
seconder if they want to speak. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I understand this Motion is a date uncertain, but
I'm understanding this will be this year on our agenda.

Mayor Burt: Do we have a ballpark date uncertain?

Mr. Shikada: We've only got a few dates left, so we'll unfortunately need to
get back to you to confirm. I will take that back as a specific question.

Council Member Holman: That's been my understanding. Thank you. I look
forward to that.

Mayor Burt: From our agenda planning, if I'm recalling correct, in the next
couple of weeks we had one or two that might have a slot on the agenda.
The last meeting or two were overflowed and maybe even needing a special
meeting. Getting some of these fit in will be a challenge. Please vote on the
board. That passes 7-0 with Council Members DuBois and Berman not
presently at his seat.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman not participating, DuBois absent

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item is City Manager Comments. Mr. Shikada.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Mayor, members of the
Council. I'm sitting in for the City Manager, I think, one last week. I do
have a few items of news to share with you. First regarding the TMA's
commute survey. The Transportation Management Association (TMA) has

                                                                      Page 38 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
