                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. We need to control this, and this is, I think, a
question for the architect unless she does not know the answer.

Ms. Hamilton: Robert is the engineer on the project. In answer to the
question, it depends where you are as to the minimum height. If it's outside
the drive aisle, you might be able to do 6-foot-8; however, you need to
maintain 8-foot-2 within the drive aisle. If there are any appurtenances or
anything that might stick down, if there's any beams or structure—we're not
doing sprinkler. There's the conduit for the electrical. At any rate, you need
to stay a minimum of 8-foot-2. Bear in mind also that, as I said earlier,
being parking garages they essentially slope to allow the cars to move
around. When we set a height, it's typically at the worst case scenario so
that we can maintain that minimum. Unfortunately in some cases, the slope
of the parking garage may work against us when we're trying to maintain
solar access for the panels.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. I had a question about 520 Webster,
which I believe is adjacent to an RM-40 with a max height of 40 feet. I'm
just curious what's the maximum height allowed for 520 Webster. If that is
correct, then it should be only 40 feet.

Ms. French: The maximum height in a PC district generally is 50 feet. It's a
PC. That's what the PC Ordinance says, but we have this ability to exceed
the 50-foot height through another part of the Code that talks about
structures, mechanical, etc. That's (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Just to clarify that's ...

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk) the question is ...

Mayor Burt: ... we need to distinguish between the maximum height of an
enclosed building for occupancy, and that's our 50-foot height limit, and
then what we have for mechanical structures, which is up to 15 feet above
that. Correct? Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: I even thought within our PC Zoning Ordinance, it
said the maximum height should be equal to the most restrictive adjacent
zone. Is that ...

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: Are you saying it doesn't apply to parking garages?

Mayor Burt: It doesn't apply to mechanical. If it's an HVAC system or an
(crosstalk) ...

                                                                       Page 47 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
