                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Can you get the mike any closer?         I know it's so
awkward down there. They hopefully are taping all this.

Ms. Silvani: There is no cookie cutter, and there's not a perfect solution. In
every community, the success of the TMA is how well it reflects the needs of
the community and how supportive the community is of it. I can tell you
without fail every startup TMA has seen funding given by the cities. The
involvement of the council beyond that has been pretty minimal. I think
that the mechanism for the concerns about reporting back to the Council—
first of all the TMA is happy to come report to the Council any time, twice a
year, three times a year. That's the language that's really in the funding
agreement that says what kind of reporting and how often you want. That's
the place for that, not the Bylaws, because the City may not always have a
role in the Bylaws. You want your Bylaws—one reason that we actually
hired a nonprofit specialist attorney to draft the Bylaws was to provide for a
basic document that would be good governance regardless of what direction
the TMA took. This TMA, we felt, would be best served by being a 501(c)(3)
so that all contributions to it are tax deductible for people, and we could go
after foundation money. A lot of TMAs are 501(c)(4) which are a different
structure, and it's not a tax deductible contribution. We actually put a good
deal of thought into our Bylaws, and we took several months to get them
right. That's not to say that they're perfect and that they won't be revised
and amended as time goes by and as new needs come up. Again, for
starters, we wanted to build in a very nimble organization. We wanted to
start with the funding that we've been told that we had to work with. We
said what can we do with funding and what can we do that will start to make
a difference immediately, raise the visibility and establish ourselves as a
credible organization very quickly. That's kind of the rationale for why we
are where we are today.

Council Member Berman: From a personal preference, I'd say early on it'd
be helpful to get maybe one actual check-in a year and maybe one
informational report a year or something like that. I think there's a lot of
curiosity about it, but that can be determined as we go. There's been a lot
of talk and questions about members of the Board and that kind of thing.
Were more companies reached out to and invited to serve on the Board?
How did we end up with the six that we currently have? Were others asked
if they were interested, and what was their response?

Ms. Silvani: I'll say the current Board was an outgrowth of the steering
committee which had both employers and residents well represented on it.
It was a combination of people said they were willing to continue, that they
were willing to make a contribution to show that they were very serious
about moving this TMA forward.
                                                                        Page 50 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
