                         TRANSCRIPT
Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: We now go onto Oral Communications. I have two speaker
cards. The first one from Sea Reddy, to be followed by Ken Horowitz.
Welcome.

Sea Reddy: Thank you, Mayor and the City Council and the citizens of Palo
Alto. I want to offer my sincere appreciation to Mayor Burt for conducting
excellent City Council meetings and follow-ups. I congratulate him for the
good one year we had. I wish him well. Thank you. Also, I read about
Mr. Burns leaving, retiring. He's a wonderful man. I've had encounter with
many chiefs in my lifetime here. I think he's the best we've got and wish
him all the best. I do want to say something about the elections. Elections
are approximation. You go to the polling booth. Some decide right there.
Some decide months of planning, all that. The elections are over. We know
the count. I think we need to put all the things behind and support the
government that's in here at Congressional level, at State level and all that.
I think it's time to move on and do make America better. I think we've a
great system, great community, great number of citizens wanting to make it
better. I summarize 2016 as a year for Palo Alto as a peaceful Palo Alto.
I'm so privileged to be here and enjoy living in Palo Alto. It's been a great
year, and I look forward to 2017 being just as good or better. Thank you
all.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ken Horowitz. Welcome.

Ken Horowitz: Thank you. I came really just to thank a couple of people
tonight. As you probably read in the newspaper, San Jose is going to begin
fluoridation of its water to the east part of San Jose. I want to thank our
Council Member Liz Kniss for spearheading that back when she was with the
Board of Supervisors of Santa Clara County. She was able to put together a
group of dentists, Silicon Valley Leadership Group, the Health Trust, the
public health departments, etc. Fortunately, after many years, we're going
to be able to begin fluoridating the east part of San Jose, and by 2020 all of
San Jose will have fluoridated water. I wanted to thank Council Member
Kniss for her efforts over these many years. It's been a long time, but it
finally is here. Of course, I have to thank our Police Chief, Dennis Burns,
because as a citizen I've had a chance to work with him on a few other
projects over the years. I'm also a member of the Emergency Medical
Services Commission for Santa Clara County. I wanted to thank him for all
he's done for Palo Alto. I think he'll be greatly missed. Thank you for your
time.



                                                                        Page 14 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
