                          TRANSCRIPT
City Attorney's Office, whatever, is making decisions about go/no go on
different issues almost every week just based on who's in the lineup and can
play or whatever. I'd much rather make that more transparent and clear with
the Council. That's what we're really after.

Mayor Burt: Let me put something on the table as we try and wrap up.
Leaving open the question of what else we'll do the balance of the year, should
we have a follow-up meeting of the Committee as a Whole to focus on following
up to some of these things that are left open today? If so, I would recommend
perhaps the second half of March, so that it not drive into either the Budget
season or get too far disconnected from having this conversation today, so that
it's still fresh or relatively fresh in people's minds. Let me toss that out there.
Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a technical question. What is the Committee of
the Whole? Does it have action associated with it? How does it differ from an
Action Item?

Mayor Burt: It does have action associated with it. I think we discussed it in
Policy and Services last year and brought that forward. It has certain informal,
deliberative discussions similar to a Study Session but has action ability
associated with it. Just like this meeting. This meeting has the characteristics
of a Study Session and is a set of Action Items that allows us to vote and move
forward. That's the similarity. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: To echo the earlier comments, I think if the Mayor
and Vice Mayor took a look at the work and you decided to refer some of it to
Policy and Services and some of it to a future meeting of the Council. Again
this idea of a Retreat or Council of the Whole doesn't necessarily mean it needs
to be all day Saturday. Maybe we can find an evening.

Mayor Burt: The input from the Mayor and the Vice Mayor would not be
referral to a committee; it would be a recommendation to the Council. The
Council would make that decision. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Are you looking for a motion on this?

Mayor Burt: If we ...

Council Member Wolbach: I'm happy to offer one.

Mayor Burt: ... are interested in following up with a Committee as a Whole
meeting to continue this, then maybe that would be appropriate as a motion.



                                                                          Page 76 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
