                         TRANSCRIPT
We want to express our gratitude to the stakeholders for all of their input
and their time and their patience particularly.          At this time, Staff
recommends disbanding the stakeholder group and acknowledges that a
better use of Staff and stakeholder time would be directed towards quarterly
public meetings to share parking data and updates that of course
stakeholders and the public would be welcome to attend. That brings us to
the contract amendments in support of Phase 2. We've brought tonight
three contract amendments. The first is for SP Plus who handles our online
permit sales contract. We're requesting a contract amendment to provide
onsite customer service for Phase 2. We learned a lot during Phase 1. Part
of that learning was that doing permit sales online requires customer service
in excess of what Staff was able to provide. SP Plus did a great job of
providing that during Phase 1, and so we'd like to have them more available
for customer service for Phase 2 in person at City Hall. We've gotten a lot of
great feedback from residents, employers and employees on how helpful
that was, to have SP Plus staff here onsite to help them with their permits.
Going into Phase 2, we want to make sure that we're providing that service.
We also are proposing to amend the contract to provide for those physical
permits for Phase 2. We've brought a contract amendment for SERCO which
is our enforcement contractor to provide one additional enforcement officer
for the annexed streets in the proposed eligibility areas. Finally, a contract
amendment for McGuire Pacific Constructors, our signage contractor, to
provide signage on the annexed streets and also to modify all of the existing
signage to denote the employee parking zones. This chart replicates what's
in the Staff Report regarding those contract amendments. It's a total
proposed budget amendment of just under $160,000. Our recommendation
to City Council tonight is to adopt an ordinance to add and amend sections
of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to adopt a resolution amending the existing
resolution for Downtown RPP Phase 2 to adopt the RPP Administrative
Guidelines and to approve the three contract amendments in support of the
Phase 2 launch. That brings us to next steps. We're here tonight returning
with the resolution and the ordinance. Moving forward from here will be
signage installation and modification on the annexed streets, if approved,
and on the existing signage, also if approved. In support of beginning Phase
2 on schedule on April 1st, we anticipate Phase 2 permits being available on
sale in early March. Thank you very much.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Sue-Ellen. If I can just add a few words. I'd like to thank Sue-Ellen,
also Josh and Jessica Sullivan who's here this evening as well as all the
stakeholders who helped us get to this point. You've gotten a lot of
correspondence in advance of this meeting including a letter from a lawyer
representing some of the members of the public. I know we want to
respond to some of those questions, but I thought maybe we would hear the
                                                                       Page 84 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
