                          TRANSCRIPT
this is a good program, but we're at a decision point. It would be good to be
able to compare this to what other ways can we spend money to solve the
problems that have been identified here.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for coming forward with this. Just one
quick point. It was good to see the numbers for February. I thought it was
interesting that those numbers were up in February; it was pretty rainy.
Kind of interesting those numbers were up.

Mr. Mello:   There was one day, February 8th, that was higher than the
others.

Council Member Holman: A few things here. I particularly appreciate the
comments from Council Members Schmid and DuBois. I share the concerns
about some of these stations being in neighborhoods, and people driving to
those locations and then riding a bike into the employment centers. It does
seem like these ought to be more focused on employment centers. Pun
intended here; has there been any interest or any activity to try to peddle
this to the hotels? I guess my question—whether it's businesses, whether
it's the Research Park, whether it's hotels or whatever, has there been kind
of outreach to see if they'd be interested in promoting it, helping sponsor?
Has there been any of that kind of outreach that I'm not aware of?

Mr. Mello: For the pilot program, the City of Palo Alto is relatively hands off.
It was overseen by MTC and then operated by Motivate. I think if we were
to advance a different type of system and take more of an ownership role in
that system, I think we would definitely need to build those kind of
relationships and do some more focused marketing at our target audiences.
I think hotel guests and hotels themselves would be a good place to start.

Council Member Holman: I agree with the comment about—I'd already had
in my notes about hotels. I think the Baylands is quite an attraction. It's
been written up nationally. I think it'd be a great place to try to get people
to take bikes, pickup bikes out there to ride. I also agree with Council
Member Schmid's comment about tradeoffs. What do we get for this many
compared to what we'd get for money spent on something else like shuttles?
That sort of thing. Going back to the polling here just for a moment. What
would come first? An investment and then do some polling and outreach or
doing the outreach and then coming forward with the program? That's a
question.

Mr. Mello: Polling about the system?

                                                                          Page 17 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
