                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Staff can suggest appropriate language for that.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to continue this Agenda Item to May 9, 2016, to be included with
Agenda Item Number 10 - Direction to Staff Regarding Implementation
Priority …

Mayor Burt: Would you like to speak further to your Motion?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. The spillover issue is one we should think
about. I think it makes sense to do this in context of the others. I think the
principle issue with the Colleagues Memo and so forth was one of urgency,
but I think it'll last a week. This is frankly an issue where maybe the
residents have been a little bit ahead of the City for a number of years. I
hope we can move forward and take some action expeditiously.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Was it Council Member Berman?

Council Member Berman: I agree with everything Council Member Filseth
just said in terms of the appropriateness of taking it up next week.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: A wide range of concerns have been expressed by
the community very clearly. This issue is important for the quality of life of
this neighborhood and others, and a timely response is important.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I just want to thank Council Member DuBois for
taking the lead on this and the other colleagues who signed onto this. There
are some things implied, if not explicit, in the Memo. Just wanted to get
those out there for next week. One of them is about sharing parking
permits. We need some information about that from Staff. Also, if we can
prioritize sharing of permits or even granting of permits by employer size.
The reason I state it that way, which it's not stated that way in the Memo, is
because there are a number of projects that have been approved in the
California Avenue business district that have been granted parking
reductions based on their Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
programs. Looking for the larger employers to actually deploy their TDM
programs that seem not to be operational currently or we wouldn't
seemingly have as much parking demand as we do. One of the other things
that is mentioned in the Memo is to be clear that it’s a community. The
neighborhood and the California Avenue merchants are a community indeed.


                                                                       Page 29 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
