                          TRANSCRIPT

happen in five years. The projection was that a significant percentage of
offices would be occupied at 100 square feet per worker, but that was a
projection. That wasn't the current data. Also, it varies depending on the
type of office use you have. I looked at the latest data that was published in
the Staff Report last fall when we were doing the Business Registry survey.
With about 70—I think it was 69 percent of the businesses responding, the
average space per worker was about 365 square feet, but that's for all types
of uses, office and retail and commercial. We don't have a clear breakdown
on just office occupancy yet. When we do have all the registration data
available, we'll have a much better idea of what it looks like and what the
actual occupancy rates are. Now, currently for planning purposes, we use
250 square feet per worker for office space. That seems like a reasonable
approach at this time. However, because of the high office rents in Palo
Alto, it's almost certain that the occupancy rate is going to increase, but I'm
not going to try to predict by how much or when. I think we need more
data. We need to have data broken down by type of commercial use. It
would also be nice to have the data segregated by location. Is the office
density occupied Downtown different than it is on El Camino? Different than
it is on San Antonio? We need more data before we can be really sure of
what our occupancy rates are, but we do need it in order to be able to
predict the traffic and parking problems.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Minutes Approval

3.    Approval of Action Minutes for the January 19 and 25, 2016 Council
      Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is approval of Minutes from January 19th and
25th. Do we have a motion to approve ...

Council Member Holman: I'll move approval with the correction that's at
place for the January 19 Minutes.

Mayor Burt: Do we have a second.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to approve the Action Minutes for the January 19 and 25, 2016 Council
Meetings with changes to the January 19 Action Minutes as outlined in the At
Places Memorandum.
                                                                          Page 9 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
