                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Let me just add where I am on this. I've been torn because I
actually am sympathetic to looking to have changes to the architectural
design to make it more broken up. I'm also concerned that we adopted a
50,000-square-foot office cap for major portions of the City. It really has
seemed that a number of the initiatives tonight were really not accepting
that we have that obligation to accept what we adopted in that and looking
for just a basis to deny it. At the same time, I do have—that's why we've
kind of filtered down the basis for denial. The original arguments for that
denial were not focused on accepting that we have set up a 50,000-square-
foot office cap and whether the project met that. They weren't focused
really on the design features that I'm most sympathetic to. I think I'm going
to support the initial motion. I think we really need to get going on this.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. One last comment. I apologize for that.

Mayor Burt: Quick.

Council Member Holman: The architectural comments in the original Motion
were my focus.

Mayor Burt: I understand that.

Council Member Holman: If we're talking about delays, I'm not promoting
this. I'm just saying I didn't see a single public comment in favor of this
project. I saw several opposed to it. If you're talking about timing, I think it
ought to be considered, the likelihood of an appeal based on this project.
That also affects timing.

Mayor Burt: An appeal?

Council Member Holman: Yeah. The project could be appealed, and it would
still come back.

Mayor Burt: No. No, we'd be approving tonight. There's no basis for appeal
if we approve the initial motion. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just very briefly. The building we put up here is
going to be here for 50 or 100 years. Buildings that go next door to it and
next door to those and so forth afterwards, they're going to be up here for
50 or 100 years too. I think that the value, architecture, good design,
appropriateness is going to be with us for a very long, long time, so it's
important.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED:      Council Member DuBois moved,
seconded by Council Member Holman to return the project to the

                                                                         Page 78 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
