                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I'm concerned about process
here as well. I thought it was very interesting that the initial judgment from
the Planning Director was based on whether there was a hardship here. I
don't see a serious hardship here, that is grossly mitigated by moving the
setback in or out five feet. At the same time, the applicant's argument and
also the PTC's argument wasn't about whether there was a huge hardship,
but that the Code itself was not right for what's trying to be accomplished in
this area in terms of consistency of the front housing. It's a little bit of
oddness because the Planning Director's judgment was based on one
criteria. The folks we heard from tonight we based on a different criteria. I
think Council Member Scharff captured this when he talked about the idea of
the variance and also the Code cleanup. My question is procedural. If we
agree with the folks we heard tonight, that a better Code would handle—
they used the word outliers—huge variances in setback, I'm loathe to grant
a variance for something that really belongs as a Code change. If we're
going to change the Code, is there a way that we can do these things
together? Alternatively, if we decide to grant a variance, how do we know
that we're actually going to change the Code a year from now? That's my
question, process. If we decide that the Code as written doesn't do what we
want to accomplish on this kind of streetscape, can we do it that way instead
of granting a variance? The variance seems to be to address a different
situation.

Mr. Lait: The only way to do that is to amend Code. To amend the Code
would require the Staff work and a Public Hearing before the Planning
Commission. We would return to the City Council with that first reading.
You'd have to have the second reading, and then it would become effective
30 days after. That would be the process. You're probably looking at four
months time to get from here to there.

Council Member Filseth: Did you say four months?

Mr. Lait: Yeah, at best four months time. That's not considering the
diversion of resources from the priorities that the Council's asked us to take
on.

Council Member Filseth: If we do it as a variance, how do we know that it'll
go onto the stack but it might not be until next year or the year after?

Mr. Lait: In response to that question, we're going to come back to the City
Council on February 24th, I think is the date, with a continued discussion of
the first annual Code cleanup to talk about the ARB findings and a couple of
the other items. We will also be presenting at that time the Tier 2 list. We
can insert that into the Tier 2 list. After that February discussion, we'll be

                                                                        Page 35 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
