                           TRANSCRIPT
sense, but having a sunset date. I think a definition of what an employee is,
a full-time equivalent. I think we should consider exemption for nonprofits.
I wasn't around the last time we tried this. My understanding was that there
weren't clear definitions of who was exempted, and that caused problems.
From the polling, I think it said 67 percent were more likely to support it
with an exemption for nonprofits. I think that's something we should
consider. There's been a question raised in emails. Is this in addition to the
Business Registry or is this a replacement for it? Maybe that's a small detail,
but I think we should address it. I think there's been a well-founded
criticism that this isn't well defined. I agree, and I think we need to fix that
and fix it quickly if we're going to move forward. Again, the online opt-in
survey was not representative, but there was a striking disagreement
between suggested projects in Staff pages. I think five of 12 of them were
bike projects versus the desire of the business community and things we've
heard mentioned tonight such as traffic signal optimization, improving
intersections, parking garages. I think it would behoove us to listen to the
businesses and really have a broad range of transportation projects. If the
tax is only focused on getting people out of cars, I think it'll fail. If there's a
balance there, I think it'd be more viable. When I say balance, I mean
things like grade separations. It's not going to pay for all the grade
separations, but we're going to need a lot of money for that. Again, traffic
flow optimization, parking, transportation options for peak periods with
school traffic. I think there's a lot of other areas where we create more of a
balance. If we talked about a longer-term tax, say to 2028, I don't think we
need to list all the projects, but I think we need a framework. Again, I went
back and looked at San Mateo's Proposition A. I think it's a pretty good
example of a transportation tax. Again, they established a percentage of
revenue that goes to certain categories and allowed projects to apply or had
projects fill in over time. If we included categories like parking, signals and
intersections, local streets, grade separations, ped and bike, and alternative
relief, TDM programs and we quickly work through this and assign some
percentages to that, I think it would give some meat to it, it would say how
we're going to spend the money. Again, it would let people know that we
were going to address different categories of problems. We've identified
traffic and transportation as a priority this year. We've done some things,
but we've done very little in terms of new parking or really improving the
flow of traffic. I do have faith in the voters of Palo Alto that if we articulate a
plan that makes sense, they will support it. Time is short. In summary,
rather than see a list of specific projects, I think we should define a measure
to allocate tax revenue. It should meet the needs of both businesses and
residents, and we should define pretty sharply definitions, criteria,
exceptions. If we don't do this in this election, I'd still like to see us get
started now with the idea of targeting 2018. That's kind of where I am on
the issue. Thanks.
                                                                            Page 78 of 98
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/27/16
