                          TRANSCRIPT
carefully about how we discuss these sites in the plan and how we sequence
and think about what happens in the long term for these big, big projects.

Mr. de Geus: As we conclude the Staff presentation, we could share a lot
more, but we think we want to get into the Q&A with the Council. We are
thinking about the last chapter of the Plan and the drafting of the final
document. The final chapter we're titling "Implementation." The outline
includes an action plan template; a discussion and a section on funding;
sources of funding that exist today and potential new funding sources in the
future; evaluating future projects—we know that interests are going to
change over time, and we'll need to adapt and fold them into the Master
Plan in some way—progress on reporting the methodology of how we're
succeeding in achieving what's laid out in the Master Plan; and finally, a call
of action, something that inspires action.       Regarding the Action Plan
specifically, we used the same criteria that we used to develop the goals,
policies and programs. These are the criteria that developed over the
process of the Plan and that the public and the Parks and Recreation
Commission really helped refine and define. We shared these with you last
time. They've been very helpful as we think about the tradeoffs of one set
of policies and programs versus another. We'll continue to use those.
Chapter 6 will also have a template action plan that we envision will be an
annual plan that will align with the budget process, the Capital Budget
process and the Operating Budget process. The idea is not to have a full
action plan that lays out every action that we might take over 20 years in
the Master Plan, but rather it lays out an approach and a process for how we
will use the Master Plan to inform the preparing of our Capital Budget
annually and the five year plan and the Operating Budget. We have an
example of what that will likely look like for Capital. The next slide is an
Operating example. The action plan will be aligned with the City's budget.
The Master Plan goals and policies and programs will be used to guide and
inform the preparation of the annual budget as Council considers the many
interests and needs that the community has. A lot of choices and tradeoffs
need to be made, not only within Parks and Recreation but of course across
the City. Next steps for the Plan, have this discussion this evening and hear
your feedback, refine the concept plans, draft the Master Plan and hopefully
back to Council after Parks and Recreation Commission review before the
end of the calendar year. The last thing I'll mention is regarding the
environmental review. The Staff Report says that we initially thought this
planning study would be exempt from California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA). In discussing further with Molly and Hillary from Planning, we think
that it would be prudent to do an Initial Study and Mitigated Negative
Declaration for the Plan. We're exploring moving forward on that. That's
the end of the Staff presentation. I did want to give an opportunity to the

                                                                         Page 6 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
