                          TRANSCRIPT
want to see. The proposed budget does leave us, if it were to be adopted as
proposed, with a structural imbalance for Fiscal Year 2018 that we've got to
acknowledge that we're going to have to double down on some way and
solve and address. Then these other longer-term issues. Just sort of before
that, I just wanted to try to put this in perspective, the cost issues, the
demand for services, this incredible rebuilding of the City that we've been
undertaking with infrastructure, and the Staff environment that we have.
This is a can-do budget; it's also a little bit of a "can do everything" budget.
In many ways, we are burning the candle at both ends to deliver on this.
The question is there. Any budget, we have to make ends meet. Is it
sustainable? Is the proposed budget we have sustainable? I can tell you
right now it's not even sustainable to 2018. We've got to come back and
make some adjustments. An hour and a half ago, I wrote down just a bunch
of scribbles here of the kind of things our small City is doing. Kiely said to
me when she plopped these budgets down—how many pages are they?
1,300 pages. She came from San Jose. She said, "I've never seen a City
this small with this much documentation." This is the truth. Everything we
do is like, in many ways, the largest, most sophisticated city with more
engagement per capita, I'd argue, than anybody. I've been everywhere,
and we're the most hands-on, invested community that I've ever been,
which is a great thing. If you just think of big issues we're working on in the
area of the environment, directly or indirectly, how we try to finalize the
Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA); all of the work at the Regional Water
Quality Control Plant in looking at reclaimed and recycled and purified water;
the rising of the dewatering issue as a crisis; the whole Sustainability and
Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) itself; Building Codes and electrification; the
Urban Forest Master Plan; in mobility, Transportation Demand Management
(TDM), Transportation Management Association (TMA), RPP; capital projects;
Caltrain; High Speed Rail; grade separations; the Santa Clara County Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) tax; a local business transportation tax; new
garages; wayfinding; automatic parking control; paid parking; mobility as a
service; shuttles; bike/pedestrian plan; 101 pedestrian bridge; in Planning,
the Comp Plan, single story overlay, the development cap, Edgewater Plaza,
housing policies, accessory dwelling units, what to do with Airbnb, office
density, deep dive on—I can't even read my writing here—development
application Code cleanup, Single-Family Individual Review (IR); the Parks
and Recreation (Rec) Master Plan; Cubberley Master Plan; fiber; and all the
things I mentioned on infrastructure and healthy city; Project Safety Net;
airplane noise. On the staffing side, in many ways we have an emerging
crisis in staffing. The challenges of our community naturally are playing
itself out in our ability to recruit and retain people, housing costs, traffic and
commute, and the demands of our environment. The people who work on
all of these things have to work harder on more complex issues with more
public scrutiny than most of their peers. Right now, we're trying to find a
                                                                           Page 38 of 67
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/25/16
