                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Aiken: Thank you, Paul.

Mr. de Geus:       Thank you very much, Paul.          We're wrapping up the
presentation here. Just on the resource impact, there are a few things that
we still need to work out. While the cost of construction and design are
primarily designed by the Friends of the Junior Museum and Zoo, they've
committed to raising $25 million as you heard. They're very close to getting
there. Great stuff. There are other costs that not included in either the
Friends budget or currently in the City's General Fund budget. Some of
them are not insignificant. We'll need to evaluate as we move forward with
this process, prioritizing this project against all the other capital needs that
we have in the City. A couple of the costs that we think are fairly significant,
that we need to be aware of, is the interim JMZ and the transition costs. We
think that could be as much as $400,000 potentially. We talked about the
Phase 2 construction of building that extra building and classroom. We think
that's really important, but we don't really have a fundraising plan for raising
those funds yet. We think that's about $3 million to do that. There are a
variety of permitting fees that we hope we'll be able to waive for the Friends,
given all of their efforts to fundraise. That may have some cost to the City.
Also, Rinconada Park generally, when we rebuild the Junior Museum and
Zoo, there's a need then to rebuild the parking lot, which supports much
more than just the Junior Museum and Zoo. Also some frontage and
adjacencies to the park will need to be improved at that time, pathways and
the playground and those types of things. We think that capital work could
cost between $3-$5 million in terms of early estimates. Finally is just the
cost of operating the new facility as a much enhanced and better facility and
right-sized generally. We anticipate some modest increases to the cost of
running the facility, particularly operating the Zoo under an accredited Zoo
program and some customer service and education programs. We're putting
pro formas together and looking at where we can generate revenue to offset
increased costs with a ticketed gate and some additional education programs
and services. We still think there might be a slight increase in overall cost to
run the program. We'll be back in the spring with a lot more detail on those
topics. The timeline as we wrap up. We hope to have the design ready for
submittal and formal review in the spring. By the winter of 2017-18,
approximately a year, be ready to start construction. We think it'll likely be
2-year construction or less. Brent thinks we can do it in less, which would
be great. We would reopen sometime in the Fall or Winter of 2019-20. With
that, that concludes our presentation.          We're happy to answer any
questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Colleagues, anyone have any questions? I can
kick it off. One question on the parking lot. That parking lot serves a lot of
functions in addition to the Museum and Zoo. As somebody who lives right
                                                                           Page 9 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
