                            TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: It is possible that the applicant could modify their plans. What's
being proposed is the establishment of three residential lots. Development
on that would be subject to the requirements of our Code. No, I would say
there's no guarantee, again, unless the Council in its consideration of the
findings needed to think about that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The findings we're looking at are on Page 186. Those
are the findings we needed to make? The top one through four? Given that,
what we're looking at before the City Council is the one exception. It
wouldn't be here if it wasn't for the one lot's bigger. Correct?

Mr. Lait: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What I heard the applicant say is they worked with
Staff to come up with a lot configuration that, for the most part, met the
zoning, given the setbacks and all of that, with the exception of this one lot.

Mr. Lait:   Yeah.   I'm not knowledgeable about what kind of Staff
conversations took place, but this configuration has probably the least
amount of exceptions being requested. Other designs may result in other
exceptions being needed, but I guess that's considered in the balance.

Vice Mayor Scharff: For me at least, on those four exceptions, the first one,
is there a special circumstance or conditions affecting the property, I think
that's easy to meet.          We have a 30,000-square-foot lot that's
nonconforming. There's no way to break this up to have it be four lots that
would all meet it or that there would be a way to have three lots that meet it
or two lots that meet it. We end up with a remainder parcel that gets tacked
onto one of the lots. You're going to have a lot that's bigger. It just seems
that way to me. The next one is the exception is necessary for the
preservation and enjoyment of a substantial property right of the petitioner.
It does seem if the person wants to develop this in sort of a way and rebuild
those houses and have use of their property, they need to be able to
subdivide it. That seems to be in the direction of what we're looking at. The
granting of the exception will not be detrimental to the public welfare or
injurious. I assume the reason we have the cap on the lot size, frankly, is to
increase the housing supply. That's my sense of it, so you don't end up with
one big lot. I'm open—does Staff have a sense of the policy reason behind
having that cap?

Mr. Lait: I think the maximum lot sizes are designed to reflect the different
character or the lot sizes of the original subdivisions. I think that it is sort of
that neighborhood character that resulted in an establishment of a maximum
lot size.

                                                                             Page 26 of 56
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/14/16
