                         TRANSCRIPT
strong feeling on the Committee that if we currently have a $13.03 rate, we
could effectively convince our fellow citizens to move to $13.65. There was
a lot of resistance to a number beyond $13.65. It's trying to keep the
overall fee per ERU to that number. I think that was our focus.

Council Member Schmid: Was there a discussion about the share going to
capital improvements?

Mr. Mickelson:   I can't recall that there was that discussion.     The
phenomenon that you've identified comes from trying to keep the total at
the same number.

Council Member Schmid: Just a final comment. I know the current storm
drain program still has one capital project still to go. I note that it's not
included under the funding here, which means that the contract when it gets
signed will have money coming from the current. Is that correct?

Mr. Teresi: That's right. I know that's your favorite project, the one for the
Matadero Pump Station. We're getting ready to put that out for bids
probably in the next month or month and a half. That's fully funded from
the existing funding from the existing fee.

Council Member Schmid: I think that would be an important point to make
as we move forward. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I just wanted to say I really like the structure of
what you've done here, splitting out the capital versus the operating
expenses. It's very transparent. I recognize the differences in time scale
between the two sides. The discussion we're having, which is basically the
tension between operating expenses and capital expenses, is the right kind
of discussion to have and the structure facilitates it. I thought that was
really good. If it works here, maybe we should look at it for other utility
areas. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: We have no speaker cards. We can now entertain a Motion. In
that case—Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll move approval of the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to adopt a Resolution:

                                                                        Page 17 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
