                          TRANSCRIPT
contextual setback, but outliers are not excluded. For the blocks with five or
six houses, context setback applies, but it's a crapshoot whether the outliers
would or would not be excluded. That's our situation. We lost the dice roll
because both the corner lots happen to have their front doors facing the side
street. Please note that the garages of the corner lots face Churchill. For all
intents and purposes, these houses are part of the perceived street on
Churchill. Because their front doors face the side streets, they don't count in
the calculation. We're left with four houses on the block that count.
Therefore, the outliers are not eliminated. If just one of those houses were
remodeled so the front door faced Churchill and no other changes were
made on the block, we'd officially have five houses that count on this block,
and the outliers would be excluded. If there was at least one more house on
the block, meaning a total of seven, then the outliers would be excluded. If
the outliers were excluded, we would have a contextual setback of just
under 32 feet. We're asking for a 32-foot front yard setback. If one front
door changed on this block or there were one more house on the block, our
requested setback would actually comply with the contextual setback with
some room to spare. Our proposal complies with the intent of the Code,
which is to remove outliers to promote context. Only the technicalities of
how the front doors are facing on the corner lots or how many lots are
needed to remove the outliers determines that we need a larger setback in
this case. Diagram No. 3 further explores the intent of the committee on
contextual setbacks. The Committee excerpt in our variance letter also
states that contextual setbacks should not be applied for blocks with special
setbacks. Clearly this did not make it into the law since this block actually
has a special setback that is also subject to contextual setbacks. Just to
explore this briefly, without a contextual setback the special setback of 24
feet would govern. Again, we're asking for 32 feet. This diagram also
illustrates that our setback request of 32 feet exceeds the hypothetical
contextual setback had the corner houses had their front doors and not just
their garages facing Churchill. The intent of the contextual setbacks is to
create a more uniform block over time. This would minimizing the effects of
outliers. Diagram No. 4 shows that as each property develops over time, on
this block, each house will be pulled back farther and farther because the
contextual setback is increased each time. The effect over time of outliers
pulling back the other houses is to suck the other homes back from the
street, creating divots in the street wall and leaving void spaces on the
blocks. The next two diagrams, No. 5 and 6, show the larger neighborhood.
Diagram No. 5 showing it now, and Diagram No. 6 showing it over time as
the outlying properties pull the street wall back and create various front yard
divots. Clearly the Committee's intent to eliminate the influence of outliers
is flouted on these blocks with five and six total houses on them. In
conclusion, the conditions that disadvantage our clients are their block has
one huge property on it with a very deep front setback. This house is an
                                                                         Page 28 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
