                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Just as a practice, I'd rather the Council direction be in that
realm than jumping and doing the math here, even if it's to say we'd like
when you come back in January you to bring a 10 percent reduction over the
actual experience clearly as you see it and forecast it. Do you know what I
mean?

Council Member DuBois: I think we're mixing two things here. The intent of
the motion was to explicitly change Zones 9 and 10 to resident-only parking.

Mayor Burt: Can I add? You wanted to make clear that what is currently
allowable to be sold in 9 and 10 doesn't get shifted.

Council Member DuBois: Right. That's where that number was coming
from, but we could say "freeze employee permits in Zones 9 and 10 and
reduce the total number of available permits by the amount of spots in
Zones 9 and 10." That's all we were trying to do. Separate from that would
be this annual reduction of 10 percent or 150 or whatever the number is.

Council Member Holman:      I think I still had the floor when other question
started popping up.

Mayor Burt: I think we want to resolve this one thing. If we go to language
along the lines of what Council Member DuBois had just described, which is
to freeze the sale of permits in 9 and 10 and that the remainder of permits
would have been eligible to have been sold in 9 and 10 are not to be sold in
the other zones. Does that capture it?

Council Member DuBois: Reduce the total number of available permits by
the amount in Zones 9 and 10, by this amount. That's good.

AMENDMENT RESTATED             AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF            THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion Part C, “and reduce     the total number of available employee permits
in all zones by this amount”   after “permits in Zones 9 and 10.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'll have to think on that for a second. I'd like to
offer as an amendment to add Zone 8 to 9 and 10. There also are not many
permits sold in that area, and it was not impacted previously. I think it's of
the same characterization as 9 and 10.

Mayor Burt: Is that correct? I thought I saw that half of 8 was in the
original and half was not. Is that correct? Yes? Is that right, Josh?

Mr. Mello: The area north of Lincoln Avenue was in the original District.
                                                                      Page 108 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
