                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: ... one bullet, II and then also under Bullet 3, I. You want to
make sure the Clerk has got that correctly. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I think everything's been covered ad nauseam
tonight. I just want to make two quick comments. I'm really glad to see the
window treatments issue. This is actually something that I actually met with
Tom Fehrenbach and the folks at Wealth Front a year, a year and a half ago,
because it bothered me every time I walked by there, and their blinds were
down. It just creates this dead section. They actually moved out before we
could really get anything accomplished with them. I think this will be a
great improvement to the pedestrian experience across the Downtown area.
I think that's great. The barbershop, everyone's mentioned it. I'm really
glad that we've removed that. It's actually my barbershop and my dad's
barbershop and my brother's barbershop. We've been going there for
decades. I'm glad that we've been more flexible tonight with our approach
to this. I think that's reflected in the Motion. I'm also curious to hear it; I
won't be on Council when it happens. I hope that whoever is on Council is
open to the feedback that people get from the outreach meetings to all the
different groups that Staff is going to be reaching out to. Oftentimes, we up
here think that we know everything. It's the folks on the ground, it's the
business owners, the small business owners and others that can really
provide a lot of good feedback. I think that'll be a valuable part of the
process.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: There are changes being made to the Motion
right now. I think they're trying to reflect what was originally stated. I
wanted to see if that's finished or is there anything else that's going in there.

Mayor Burt: Just go to whatever your comments are.

Council Member Wolbach: It depends on what the Motion is. Until I can see
the Motion (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Then I'll go ahead and comment. A couple of other areas that
I'd like to include on general Staff direction, which would be to return with
recommendations on how to treat existing retail-serving basements in the
University core area.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, that's acceptable.

Mayor Burt: Liz? Okay.



                                                                         Page 98 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
