                          TRANSCRIPT
doesn't seem to be said in this amendment. It's supposed to be in the base
agreement.

Mayor Burt: Can I complement the concern here and maybe frame it
slightly differently with another question? One is what this means, "to
continue to encourage the use of recycled water." Does that adequately
address what Vice Mayor Scharff was talking about and whether it covers the
operation and maintenance costs of that. The second broader question that
I have to add is that we have, up until now, framed our costs of providing
recycled water as the incremental cost above our wastewater treatment,
which is pretty nominal cost above the wastewater treatment. What we see
in the future is the wastewater as a commodity in itself. At a certain point in
time, we'll say we had the amount of cost and treatment steps necessary to
discharge it which have always been thought of as an expense of dealing
with wastewater water. As soon as that water becomes reused, those same
steps that could validly be treated as expense of treating wastewater
become the first step in producing valuable purified water ultimately or the
recycled water. I think it's better for the time being to call it non-potable
recycled water to clarify that. There's a real, valid question of whether the
costs of treating water are actually the initial steps of the cost of producing
valuable purified water eventually. Are we locking ourselves into providing
at no cost or no additional charge, because they're already paying for their
fair share of that first treatment steps. We give them back that water at
that stage, and that's probably the valid argument. My concern may be
addressed in saying that each partner has paid for that first step and gets
back the water at the cost that they paid their fair share. The only
remaining question is whether the cost of the operation and maintenance is
there. I just wanted to kind of toss out that potential.

Mr. Bobel: I think that's accurate. Jamie's confident and I'm sure he's right
that if it helps, we can strike out the part that says "on July 1, 2002," third
line on that page. The rest of the sentence goes on "that continues to
encourage the use of recycled water." I can see, now that I read that three
or four times, how that may bother us. I'm sure Mountain View would agree
to crossing that out. We can do that if it helps. Remember there is another
principle here that I've got to mention before we get too caught up in this
idea that everybody pays exactly for their share. We're actually required by
the State to have a recycled water program, because it helps lower the
discharge into San Francisco Bay and keep pollutants out of San Francisco
Bay. They've never put a particularly fine point on "this recycled water
program that you're required to do, how big does that have to be? Is that
five MGD, is it three MGD?" We're kind of dancing around in a world. We've
expended plant funds which include all the partners on getting us to the
point where we are. Just like you said, Mayor Burt, we've treated it to a
                                                                        Page 70 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
