                          TRANSCRIPT
results from that pilot and how the next round could be redesigned. In
many ways, that would inform our decision as an individual City as to
whether or not we wanted to go forward into that phase. We may decide for
whatever reason we don't want to do that. I think that we're going to have
a lot of information when we get to that stage. I would also just say for the
second it's fine we're doing this. It's probably partly informed by the fact
that there actually are lots of specific recommendations in the Cool Block
pilot. My experience has been that we are really good at identifying lots of
hurdles and issues in advance on an issue. Then, once we get into it, we
automatically find ways to either work through those things or they're not
that big of an issue. I would just encourage that we not lose sight of the
forest for the trees here. I'm going to make my pitch here. I think this is a
program that is attempting to anticipate the future, not so much look to
where we've been. We're going to deal with a lot of unknowns about how
we address complex problems in our society in our own town in the future.
No matter how great our existing neighborhoods might be or neighbor to
neighbor, it does seem that building stronger connections between people.
We have some parts of our City where people are more intrinsically engaged
than others. Are there opportunities to build stronger connections and
engagement? To me, that in and of itself seems like a worthy experiment
almost regardless of what the focus is, whether it's climate change or
something else. I have to think that American cities can do better. Part of
government's role is to support social connectedness and have a little de
Tocqueville kind of attitude about citizens and their role in solving problems
rather than just everything sort of relying on us. That's what I think the
great opportunity here is, to test that a little bit at pretty low cost to us as a
City.

Council Member Holman: You know I'm a fan of de Tocqueville.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'm tempted to crack wise that we've got lots of
community connections over parking, but I won't say that. On the face of it,
this seems like something that's very logical. You've got to ask why would
we not do this. It seems to me that the concerns fall into two areas.

Mayor Burt: Wait. This is the question period.

Council Member Filseth: I'll wait then.

Mayor Burt: Now we'll move on to members of the public. Our first speaker
is Sandra Slater. Sandra, there may be some follow-on questions after
you've had your remarks.

                                                                           Page 43 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/29/16
