                         TRANSCRIPT
our family and entertaining friends. The glass walls allow daylight to
brilliantly lighten the interior of our home so that we can enjoy the backyard
garden from inside as much as the outside. In a neighborhood of one-story
homes with fenced yards, we and other families have enjoyed all the
features that accrued of living in a glass-walled Eichler home without
sacrificing privacy. Several of the most desirable aspects of living in an
Eichler home are threatened by next door, two-story homes that result from
either second-story additions or new construction. Firstly, the privacy that
we currently enjoy would be lost as both the Eichler interior and the yard are
visible from overlooking second-story windows. Curtains or blinds on the
large glass doors and windows of an Eichler home, while offering a measure
of privacy, would completely change the bright interior and openness to the
outside. Secondly the shadow cast by the second story will produce a darker
interior environment as well as a less-conducive exterior environment for
outdoor entertaining. Finally, the size and architectural styles of many of
the newly constructed two-story homes in Palo Alto are drastic departures
from the Eichler style. Their introduction into an Eichler neighborhood
detracts from the community that Eichler sought to create through design
and that we treasure through experiencing it with family and friends. My
wife and I strongly support the single story overlay zone change. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lynn Drake.

Lynn Drake: Good evening. I'm Lynn Drake. I live at 3415 Louis Road in
the Royal Manor tract. I'm one of the organizers of the SSO campaign, and
I'm honored to be part of such a diverse and proud group of Palo Alto
neighbors who have come together over a common interest in preserving
Palo Alto's history. Joseph Eichler's classic mid-century modern homes can
be found throughout California and even beyond, but nowhere more
abundantly than here in Palo Alto. Having lived in Palo Alto for more than
18 years, I know that Palo Alto strives to be a leader in everything it does,
from robust recycling programs to green energy to creating bike-friendly
thoroughfares and so much more. I am asking that Palo Alto also be a
leader when it comes to preserving not only its history but also what so
many of us cherish about living here, the simple indoor/outdoor lifestyle that
is embodied by the Eichler homes we live in. At the last meeting, Pat Burt
and Liz Kniss stated that other cities look to Palo Alto for leadership. Yet,
when it comes to preserving our wonderful Eichler homes, both Cupertino
and Sunnyvale are ahead of us in the curve with design guidelines in place
ensuring that if a home is remodeled, that it must comply with reasonable
guidelines to ensure the original feel and character of the Eichler
neighborhood it is in. I believe that Palo Alto would be smart to pass the
SSO at least until common sense and thoughtful design guidelines can be
                                                                       Page 50 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
