                          TRANSCRIPT
make it clear that growing marijuana for medical purpose is okay in the
backyard, you are condemning some people to misery. I don't want to see
this once again go down to court cases. Now, you can get people in deep
trouble while it gets played out. It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. We're
supposed to be getting better, not worse. This is Palo Alto, not California
cities which who knows which ones dreamed this one up. Let's back off on
that. Growing outdoors first of all is the only way to do it that's safe. The
only way to do it that's safe, no fire hazard. You're making something out of
nothing, out of nothing. If you're worried about the children, come on, come
on. You can go into any high school in Palo Alto, probably any junior high in
Palo Alto, middle school in Palo Alto, and you can get yourself marijuana. To
take somebody's plants, to take it home, dry it and things like that is
ridiculous. It's not going to happen. Don't make something that doesn't
have to be. Right now, it's working. I won't tell you exactly how I know it's
working, but let me just tell you it's working fine, and it's helping people
with serious illnesses. You're treading on that by this Ordinance unless you
make it real clear, the exceptions. Don't worry about Palo Alto actually
becoming a—I don't know why it would be so bad. It's not going to become
a cash crop city. Heaven forbid Palo Alto actually produces something
agricultural again. That'd be a real shame, wouldn't it? Come on, you guys.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Keith Bennett.

Keith Bennett, Save Palo Alto’s Groundwater: My name is Keith Bennett.
I'm here with Save Palo Alto's Groundwater.              We've made some
measurements of the pull down of the water table due to dewatering. About
a year or a little bit over a year ago, I was asked by a Council Member
whether or not the effect on neighboring properties was on the order of
inches or on the order of feet. I will show you tonight that it is on the order
of feet. We measured near the locations of two dewatering sites of the eight
residential sites that were dewatered this last summer. Zero on the graph is
roughly the start of the dewatering on that site. You can see we have two
lines here. The blue line was measured about 45 feet away from the
property line; that's a next door house. The other line is 115 feet; that's
two doors away.        You can see that the water table is pulled down
approximately four to six feet quite promptly. After the pumping stopped,
the water table rose back up over a period of about a week but did not rise
to the starting location. The pumping was then restarted. The water table
dropped down. It dropped down lower than before over about a week.
When the pumping stopped, it went back up and etc. Finally it ended about
one foot below the starting point. This is another property. The first
property I mentioned pumped about 30 million gallons. This property
pumped something over 20 million gallons. This measurement is 220 feet
from the property line; that's about three or four houses. They started later
                                                                           Page 8 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
