                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Atkinson: The information on the eligibility areas and what it means to
be part of an eligibility area is available on the parking website,
cityofpaloalto.org/parking. We haven't done specific marketing, but we
could ...

Council Member DuBois: Have we done a mailing to people in the affected
...

Ms. Atkinson: ... certainly consider that. We've been approached each time
that streets are interested.

Council Member DuBois: I'm a little concerned it's just word of mouth.
Maybe some outreach would be good. I wanted to ask a little bit about the
method of measurement. When we see these charts with parking utilization,
and it says a time. Does that mean each block was measured once within
those two hours?

Ms. Atkinson: Yes. With the size of the area, for example, if the time period
is 12:00 P.M. to 2:00 P.M., it's at one point during that time period.

Council Member DuBois: How are we picking those time zones? Some of
them, like 8:00 A.M. to 10:00 A.M., obviously 8:00 A.M. is probably a lot
less busy than 10:00 A.M.. The same thing with 5:00 P.M. to 7:00 P.M.
They seem like they're a little bit outside the peak times.

Ms. Atkinson: Understood. Capturing the morning, midday and evening
peak hours is industry standard. It's consistent with parking occupancy
counts that we've done in previous years throughout the City.

Council Member DuBois: Just another thought would be work hours have
shifted a little where people come in a little bit later. Maybe 9:00 A.M. to
11:00 A.M. instead of 8:00 A.M. to 10:00 A.M.. You pulled out the charts I
had questions on, the May and June, except you faded out the Downtown
core. In May, the Downtown core was green. In June, it seemed to fill back
up again. I just wondered if you had any idea what that behavior was. I'm
actually talking about the two hour parking Downtown, the middle section.
That's Slides ...

Ms. Atkinson: Are you referencing the area in May that's grayed out?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. In May and June in our packets, in May it
was almost all green like the Downtown parking cleared out pretty well. In
June it was red again.



                                                                      Page 72 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
