                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: What I'm looking for here is to have a couple of
options that the Council could choose between. I want to make sure it's
clear what those options (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I'd prefer at the end of iv we just say "or alternately an
incentive structure for participation in the TMA."

Council Member Wolbach: I'd be fine with that. Would the maker ...

Council Member Berman: Did Tom say yeah?

Council Member DuBois: Yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the end of the Motion Part C.iv. “or
alternately an incentive structure to encourage participation in the TMA.”

Council Member Wolbach: That's it for me.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: One little cleanup and then an overall question.
In Number iv, the first from last line says Transportation Demand
Management, TDM, program to buy employer permits. I'm not saying this is
the thing that's right, but it should be employee. Sorry to be going back to
this one, but I thought in 6, which used to be part of "C," I thought the
maker of the motion's intention was to reduce the overall number of permits
sold. Right here, all you're doing is reducing it by the number that are in 9
or 10, which is like 80 or something like that. I don't know that that's your
intention. The sentence is really ...

Council Member DuBois: The number available, which is 615.

Council Member Holman: Six hundred fifteen is how many aren't sold, but
that doesn't mean that they're all in 9 and 10.

Council Member DuBois: No. Nine and 10 have 615 total.

Council Member Holman: Nine and 10, I'm sorry?

Council Member DuBois: In 9 and 10, if you look at this map, 80 have been
sold out of a possible 615.

Council Member Holman: That's where the number comes from. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Lastly, Council Member Kniss.

                                                                     Page 117 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
