                         TRANSCRIPT
to produce local, actual emissions reductions. This plan will remove capital
from our community. If we enter into an offset program, we will be taking
that money, and we will be sending it out of our community instead of using
it here to foster fuel switching and electrification that we so desperately
need here. It will also discourage some, and it will be confusing for some in
our community if we're asking them to consider electrification and fuel
switching when they have a gas offset program. They'll ask us, "Why do I
need to do this? Aren't my emissions already taken care of?" It also takes
capital away from them that they could be using towards the costs in order
to switch over to electricity for their water heater and their dryer and other
appliances. I think it's extremely important that if we move a program
forward, that program have only a focus on local fuel switching and local
offsets to benefit our community. We have an opportunity. Palo Alto is
extremely forward-looking. There are few communities who have gotten
past the electrification and are now looking into how do we deal with natural
gas. We're leaders here, and it's so important that we set an example for
taking this head on and really doing it right. We encourage you to consider
making a condition that any program be directly put towards electrification
locally. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Lisa Forssell to be followed by Grant Dasher.

Lisa Forssell: Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff, Council Members, I'm Lisa
Forssell. I'm a member of the Utilities Advisory Commission; although, I'm
here tonight just in my own personal capacity as a resident. I turned in my
comment card, Council Member Kniss, when you expressed a desire for a
plain English explanation of offsets. I thought I'd give a couple of invented
examples to try to explain the concept. We talked a lot about what we're
buying, but maybe coming at it from the other side of what's being sold by
those who are selling offsets. If you operate a factory somewhere and it's
an old, aging, dirty, smelly factory that emits lots of greenhouse gases,
carbon dioxide and others, but you're fully within the law, you're not
regulated, there's no reason you would reduce your emissions and it's really
expensive to upgrade your factory to reduce the emissions, the offset
market provides a funding mechanism so you can, with third-party
verification to make sure you're taking the steps, you install the equipment,
you cleanup your emissions, get a certain amount of money per ton of
carbon dioxide equivalent that you are no longer releasing into the
atmosphere, that you otherwise would have had you not made these
investments. That's one example. Another one might be if you're a
landowner who wasn't going to plant trees but you take up forestry and
according to accepted forestry protocols are sequestering carbon in a tree
canopy, you can sell those carbon offsets into the market. That, when we

                                                                        Page 37 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
