                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you ...

Council Member Kniss: At one point, weren't we going to finish in 2015?

Ms. Gitelman: We've been working on this for many years.

Council Member Kniss: Am I correct? I think I remember that correctly.

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. We've had many schedules. The current schedule
shows us finishing around May of 2017. That presumes that the CAC will be
able to get a draft of the elements to the Council for their review towards
the end of this year. The Council would use the first half of 2017 to do its
review while we finish the Final EIR. I'll be honest with you that the CAC
process is going a little slower recently, and that's okay. They're working on
the hardest elements, transportation and land use. Until we actually roll up
our sleeves and get into this analysis of Scenarios 5 and 6, I won't know for
sure. I don't think of any of us know for sure exactly what kind of
complexities we're going to encounter and how long that will take, which is
all a way of saying by the time you get back from your break in August, I
hope we will be bringing forward the Transportation Element from the CAC
for your review and an updated schedule that takes into consideration all of
the factors that I just mentioned.

Council Member Kniss: If we were to state it fairly, we would say the goal is
sometime in 2017, mid to the end of the year.

Ms. Gitelman: The current goal is mid ...

Council Member Kniss: That would be helpful.

Ms. Gitelman: ... mid-2017. That's the current goal.

Council Member Kniss: I might have some more comments, but I wanted to
put that on the record, Pat. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I just want to address our process for this item tonight. Since
we have a motion that is framing the comment periods, we will still have the
issue of our comments tonight. Molly, if we were to vote on this Motion
now, we're not ending the item. We can continue and go forward with the
comments. Correct?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: No, you can certainly provide
additional comments after the Motion is voted on.

Mayor Burt: The comments would be on the scenarios, and the Motion is on
our procedures going forward.
                                                                          Page 69 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
