                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Maybe. That's a whole other conversation. It's
important that we do make sure that we're providing the same services to
our community. I'd also like there to be—getting a better understanding of
how big of a budget gap currently exists, how big of a General Fund subsidy
we currently provide versus what we'll be saving if we move forward with
Pets in Need is critically important. Vice Mayor Scharff, I didn't totally follow
the Q&A that you had with Staff. Was the end result that it's about
$100,000 right now, the projected savings which might change based on
what this term sheet is actually turned into?

Mr. Keene: We'll definitely bring that back as part of this process. We'll do
our best to figure out are there ways to do any projections for the future
with different variables and factors. Those things could grow or they could
shrink.

Council Member Berman: I guess what I'm trying to say is there's a lot of
unknowns that'll impact the decision I make if I'm here. Nobody in the
audience should take this as a done deal one way or the other. Thanks.

Mr. Keene: We don't take it as a done deal, the Staff either.

Council Member Berman: You've been here a time or two.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just real quick, I definitely see this as a path to
keep Animal Services in Palo Alto. Some of the public was concerned about
that. We're talking about a partnership between the City and Pets in Need
that would keep services here. I do want to go back to the idea of scale.
The Humane Society of Silicon Valley had some interesting arguments about
how our scale was perhaps too small to be viable. I heard what the City
Manager said about we need to enhance our services first. If it can be
worked into the agreement that the partnership would have a structure to
allow it to scale and to grown and potentially solicit other cities to leverage
the animal shelter, I think that would be an important part of the future. I'd
also like to make sure that we see clarity on financial controls, both
operational and capital, when it comes back. I assume that'll be part of the
agreement, but I just wanted to call that out. I'll be supporting the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to significantly associate my thoughts and
sentiments about this with those of Council Members Berman and DuBois. I
do have some concerns and appreciate those who have come this evening to
raise those concerns. I definitely heard divided views, and I'm glad this is
                                                                         Page 64 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
