                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Approve it.

Mayor Burt: It'd have to be that it would be approved and return ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: To the ARB. The site and design is approved then and
the CUP is approved. What do we need to approve tonight and then send it
to ARB pending their approval? That would grandfather it in. Is that how
that works?

Ms. Silver: Site and design and if you wanted to approve that small
increment of office on the second floor.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What would that look like as an amendment to this
motion to get that there? So it's captured in there.

Ms. Silver: That's right. Mr. Lait just pointed out that you would have to
approve the ARB design review subject to it returning to the ARB itself to
work out the issues that you had identified in your motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is that acceptable?

Council Member Holman:      I need it restated please.     There was a little
distraction.

Ms. Silver: It would be the Council would approve the site and design
review for the housing portion of the project. They would approve the small
increment of the office on the second floor, the CUP associated with that,
and that the Council would approve the architectural review but send it back
to the Architectural Review Board to review the issues articulated in your
motion.

Council Member Holman: We're not approving the architectural review;
that's what we're saying doesn't work.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let me ask the question if I could restate it differently.
Go up to the top of the Motion, "A." I think "A" and "B"—you would approve
the Initial Study, Mitigated Negative Dec and mitigated monitoring and
reporting program. That's the first thing you'd add in "A." This is the
question I had. I would think you would approve the Record of Land Use
Action approving the site and design review, conditional use permit, but not
architectural review to allow the construction of a three-story. You could say
"pending architectural review to address," and then you'd link it down to
those. Wouldn't that capture what you need to do?



                                                                       Page 71 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
