                          TRANSCRIPT
Bible, God says, "Go forth and multiply." Is there a certain point at which
you say, "We've achieved success. We've multiplied." We've got a ton of
jobs. We can slow down a little bit, especially if we want to try to reduce our
housing problem. I'd be supportive of a motion that would look at two
different iterations of five, one with less housing and the other with more
housing, but both with the restrained job growth that's in it. In parallel, to
direct Staff to come back with pilot programs for performance-based
development of residential in the Downtown areas on a limited scale and to
come back with that zoning formula on a pilot basis as soon as we can, and
that that pilot would have components of additional floor area ratio for
residential, elimination of the density cap, implementation of a minimum
density. Basically we're talking small units. We do the opposite right now.
We allow the floor area ratio, and we don't allow above a certain number of
units. We basically prohibit any developer from building small units. That's
the way our Code works right now. Additional floor area ratio for affordable
units, and comprehensive, enforceable Transportation Demand Management
measures the project with reduced parking. It is now 10 minutes to 12:00.
I guess we have a question of whether we can try to move forward toward a
motion and move the ball forward tonight. That may be a little optimistic.
It seems like it's an important issue. We certainly are zeroed on it over the
last three hours. It might be easier than trying to start fresh later.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, may I just say one thing here? Not preempting
where the Council would go. I think if you were somehow able to arrive at a
simple motion, that would be easier for us to walk away from and know what
we're supposed to do. If there's a tendency to cobble together a whole
bunch of different directives, even if you can get through that tonight, we
very well may want to have a break anyway, be able to go back and look at
that and revisit with the Council. There's a really wide range of things
you've spoken about. You might be able to get to something unified but if
not, we would just also say that—I think that could be very likely that we
would want to say this is what we heard, particularly when we start talking
about the choices that could be inherent in either changing some of your
standards, whatever those are. We still have to have locations. A lot of
these ideas around the performance-based zoning, we'd probably want to
come back sooner than later on that just to be sure we were clear before we
really go down a road with a lot of work.

Mayor Burt: It seems that out of what I was just talking about, we really
have two parts to it. One is the thing that's really directive before us
tonight, which is what scenarios we want to give Staff the go ahead to
study. The sooner we give them the go ahead, the sooner they can get it
complete. I don't think we want to wait very long. If we're able tonight to
give them that guidance, that's probably the most important thing. The
                                                                       Page 103 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
