                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I thought you perhaps wanted us to think about
varying the scenarios so that some had mitigations and some didn't.

Ms. Gitelman: At this point, the mitigations are mostly applied to all of the
scenarios equally. There are some exceptions, but it probably wouldn't be a
fruitful discussion at this meeting to trade them off. The zoning and housing
and sustainability provisions are more important to find some variation
between the scenarios.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple or three questions at the moment.
I've always been confused by this. On Packet Page 282, if you look at
whichever scenario and look at the nonresidential square feet, you go from
3.3 million—the highest is at 4 million and 2.7 million. Let's say we look at
Scenario 4 and Scenario 1. The difference there is 0.7 million square feet of
nonresidential, but the new jobs are considered the same number. If you
look at slowing growth at 3 million, which is only 0.3 million square feet
smaller than Number 1, the difference is considerably less in number of jobs.
I've never quite understood the relationship of how those jobs are
calculated.

Ms. Gitelman: The job numbers here are really a projection of job growth.
They're meant to kind of test the impacts of different amounts of job growth.
I think we have an explanation of this phenomenon on Packet Page 291. It's
important that we articulate this. There is not a direct or proportional
relationship between new square footage and jobs. We know that new
square footage allows more jobs, but we also know that existing square
footage allows jobs. There tends to be a cyclical—tends to change with the
economic cycles. When times are good, workers are jammed in to existing
building space and you get a lot of job growth without a lot of square
footage growth. As the good times continue, you tend to add more building
space and you fill up the new building space. It's not a proportional
relationship.

Council Member Holman: I do understand the cycles that you're talking
about.    It seems like if we're looking at controlling job growth and
supporting some housing growth, we ought to be incorporating tools that
would moderate that job growth. I've always been told, going back many
years, once a building is built you have to account for what might happen in
that building if the Code and the enforcements aren't in place to moderate
what happens in the building. I'll just keep it very brief here. Even with
Scenarios 5 and 6—actually I have two questions. Even with Scenarios 5
                                                                       Page 26 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
