                          TRANSCRIPT
community works as a community. It slowly develops and change as
necessary, but it's not frozen in amber as some people would like you to
make us. We cannot do it this way. This is not a wise move. Truly, it's not
very generous of the other people to want to limit what they feel they don't
need. I don't think this is wise. Maybe the last point that I should mention
here is pay attention to the age of petitioners from both sides. Putting this
overlay seems to encourage gentrification rather than gentrification. Older
people generally with some exception don't need extended houses; younger
people do. Watch for the age. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Gay Baldwin, to be followed by
Sudha Nagarajan.

Gay Baldwin: Hello everyone. My name is Gay Baldwin; I live on Thomas
Drive. I lived there for the last 24 years or so. I grew up in Redwood City,
so I have a lot of experience of living in this area. As all of you know, the
changes have been immense during my lifetime in the Bay Area, particularly
in Palo Alto. From the financial point of view, I don't really have a big fight
about this one way or the other. I don't really care. We bought our house
because it was in the lower price range and in Palo Alto when we needed to
have a house where our kids could enjoy the humane special ed. programs
in Palo Alto. We didn't really care if it was an Eichler or not an Eichler or
anything. We bought it because it was affordable. Eichlers were built as
affordable housing. Most of them are really quite old now, and a lot of them
are going to be needing replacing. You can prop them up and make
museum pieces out of them for a long time. Eventually, they will need
replacing. The main reason I don't like the idea of the second story overlay
and the single story requirement is because it doesn't make a lot of rational
sense for the long term. For the short term, yes, some people might be able
to enjoy views and the indoor/outdoor thing and all those lovely Eichler
design features that meant absolutely nothing to me when we acquired the
house and had five children in it. We were sad that we didn't have the
money to expand upwards, and we didn't have the square footage to expand
outwards very much. The main thing is that in the future, particularly
thinking about climate change and the fact that we're in a flood zone, it
doesn't make a lot of sense to limit the flexibility of anybody who's building
there. In fact, I think the zoning should be relaxed there. You should be
able to experiment with more types of housing for people how can't afford
large lots, etc. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    Sudha Nagarajan to be followed by She Shen
[phonetic].



                                                                         Page 75 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
