                          TRANSCRIPT
a number of years on taking leadership so that this could become regional.
I want to thank you for taking that leadership when it wasn't as popular of a
thing to do. Now it's happening. It was pretty incredible to see at the Cities
Association all of the folks there come together, saying it's important that we
do a clean 15 and have a model Ordinance that's easy to replicate, so we
can all stand together. I see every day at the counseling center that there
are working families that are deeply impacted and would be impacted by
$15 by 2018 versus 2019. It is very real for kids that are sleeping in their
cars with parents working 60, 80-hour weeks. I think we all know it's
rationale. We looked at the research. It was pretty incredible. I hope
tonight that you'll join Cupertino, Sunnyvale—you took the leadership in the
first place—Mountain View, Los Altos with a clean $15, no exemptions. $15
by 2018 would help a lot of kids and families that really, really need the
help. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Elly Matsumura to be followed by Jessica Lyman.

Elly Matsumura: Thank you. Elly Matsumura with Silicon Valley Rising. We
are a campaign to inspire the tech industry in the region to build an inclusive
middle class. I want to applaud the Palo Alto City Council for taking up this
important issue. We, I think, all have heard the many stories about
minimum wage employees such as fast food workers who are stacked up,
multiple families, eight people living in a two-bedroom house, who are
literally working at fast food restaurants while themselves skipping meals to
save money. When we are looking at a $15 minimum wage—if you go on
Craigslist and look at what jobs are currently under $15 an hour, you're not
just looking at fast food employees. You're looking at early childhood
educators, you're looking at security officers, you're looking at accounting
assistants. We really do start to talk about how do we begin to rebuild and
shore up our middle class in this region on the basic principle that people
who work hard and play by the rules deserve to earn a fair wage. It's not
just a moral issue; it really is an economic issue. We've seen by the
research what an economic boon to this region increasing the minimum
wage can be for the simple reason that minimum wage workers spend that
money right here in their own communities at the restaurants, at the
grocery stores, at the gas stations, creating a growth in the economy that, if
we adopt this region wide, will be $314 million per year in this county and
the surrounding counties. I hope that's one of the reasons that the research
demonstrated that employers support it in large majorities. They also stated
they support it because they recognize the high cost of living, and they
stated that it's not something they'll respond to by leaving. If you look
again at the research, it shows price increases of between 0.3 percent to 2.9
percent. Why? Because raising wages decreases turnover. Raising wages

                                                                        Page 79 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
