                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Ginsburg: ... of office space for professionals.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jeff Brown to be followed by ... Let me just say
that I appreciate—on the one hand, it's expeditious if speakers are able to
say, "The last speaker supports me," or "I support the comments of the last
speaker." One of the things we want to do is make sure that no one's
intimidated to speak by strong outbursts or anything. That was very polite
clapping, and I don't mean to suggest otherwise. Just wanted to share
those guidelines. Jeff Brown, welcome.

Jeff Brown: Good evening. Jeff Brown. May I make a procedural comment
before I start my - minute spiel?

Mayor Burt: No, that's part of your one, Jeff.

Mr. Brown: No, come on. Come on. It's long been a mystery to me why
the City Council calls together its citizenry and asks for public comment on a
proposal facing the City, and then seems to crowd all of that public comment
to the point where it's reduced to sound bites. I just don't think that's fair.
I think you're also—I know you've received emails on this, what we're not
calling a project yet; although, the word's been used up there. There are
people who have not sent emails—I'm one—and who would appreciate being
heard. I think there are a lot of people who have a lot of good input to give
that might inform some of the questions the Council Members would want to
later ask. Going forward, I hope you will consider that in your procedures.
My one minute comments now are—thank you very much. Who's doing
that? Who's controlling the ...

Council Member Wolbach: Mayor Burt, may I ask a question of (inaudible)?

Mr. Brown: Can we reset this please?

Mayor Burt: Jeff, in all honesty, you had the prerogative to speak to process
or the project and not both. We really need that to be respected.

Mr. Brown: In that case, I have three quick things as I'm walking away.
The issues for consideration of this proposal include global climate change.
There is no way, there is no amount of housing you can consider that would
undo the damage done by the demolition and then the reconstruction, all
very carbon-intensive activity, of large buildings.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Jeff.

Mr. Brown: And traffic circulation and the fact that a capital managing firm
has capital at its (inaudible).

                                                                        Page 16 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
