                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: No, I corrected myself and realized that I could
offer it as a friendly amendment to either Motion. I want to figure out which
Motion we're working on first.

Mr. Hayes: We'd be happy to do two units if we can get to a consensus
approval tonight.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I wanted to hear.

Mr. Hayes: Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach: I think we should figure out the procedural
issues. Thank you for that. I think we should figure out the procedural
issues, figure out which motion we're going to work on, and then I'll propose
that as an amendment.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate the second unit, but that isn't enough
to get the project approved, because I still can't make the ARB findings. I
would suggest that it's going to take a while to get this back to the ARB—to
redesign it and then get it back to the ARB. I don't know that whatever it is,
a 7-9 month delay, is going to be that big of a deal. I think we should vote
on the substitute motion.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think I'm going to vote no on the substitute Motion
then. I'm going to support the original Motion with adding the extra BMR
unit. I think that's a good compromise. I actually think it starts really
moving us towards our housing goals, two BMR units on a good, mixed-use
project. I don't really think it's fair to the applicant to have a year delay. I
think we sit up here and we forget that a year's delay is a lot of money. In
fact, we now know that a year's delay is more money than a BMR unit.
We've just proved that. A whole BMR unit. I just simply don't think—I think
you put in the uncertainty of whether or not they actually get it. We're
going to have an election; we're going to have different Council Members.
It's not even going to be the same Council Members that look at this when it
comes back. I think when you add all those factors in, it's really unfair to
send it back and not do it today. I actually do think we should amend our
ordinance, maybe not tonight, to give it more flexibility. Not tonight. I do
think it should be something on our work plan. We passed that ordinance
without really understanding how it's going to work as we go through.
We've seen some issues, and that tells me that it's time to look at that for
more flexibility.
                                                                         Page 77 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
