                          TRANSCRIPT
To get that expertise that you heard a lot of it here this evening that would
be helpful in that. Jim, did you have a comment?

Mr. Keene: Could we just leave it to come back for a discussion about the
intentions of the group? There's different constituencies we're serving.
There may be a different approach you want to use also.

Council Member Holman: Sure. Just two quick comments. I also would
support whatever it's called, the real estate point of sale with making
changes. I also would support that. I agree with Council Member Kniss that
other cities do look to Palo Alto. That's why, when we do our analyses, we
need to be circumspect in what our goals and what our impacts are.
Nothing is as simple—even the best intentions are not as simple as they
seem on the surface. If Council Member Kniss changed to an all-electric car,
then what happens to her Prius? You have to consider that; it is a full circle.
I'll leave it at that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I support the Motion. I like Item B which has a
concrete date on coming back with the process, and also "D" which supports
the Guiding Principles.      The Guiding Principle says we'll work with
neighboring communities to address common concerns and pursue common
interests. I assume that means that they will look at the 3:1 jobs to housing
ratio and say, "Is that good for them?"

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to say, first—actually a couple of
comments to the Mayor. First, thanks for the clarification about RECs. Also,
I will support the Motion. I think it hits the key points, and it is elegant.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois was just asking for a clarification that
the intent on the Guiding Principles was that—that's a larger heading—the
design principles and design criteria are subsets of the Guiding Principles.
Correct? Everybody understand it that way? Let's vote on the board. That
passes unanimously with Vice Mayor Scharff absent. Thank you to everyone
for (inaudible).

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Mayor Burt: Let's take a quick five minute break before we commence on
our final item.

Council took a break from 9:40 P.M. to 9:48 P.M.

                                                                         Page 58 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
