                          TRANSCRIPT
remove signage having to do with the parking that's out there now, so we're
removing that. Another question I have is if some of the parking signage,
the shallower, the less tall banners—there's a different purpose for them—
can those actually be combined with some other signage that we have
Downtown without it being confusing? I mean, they're kind of short. We
have some signage, for instance, that—I think maybe just one location
Downtown—directs people to side streets and business on the side streets.
It's not even at a corner; it's really kind of silly where it is. Can we combine
some other signage with this, again to kind of eliminate all of the
unnecessary eye litter that we've got? Is the anticipation that these will be
on existing standards or there will be new standards put in place that would
carry the signs? On the streets, I guess. In the parking lots, I'm sure
they'd have to be new standards, or supposing.

Ms. Sullivan: One of the kind of lines that we walked during this project was
making sure that we really were focusing on parking wayfinding. We were
not trying to redesign wayfinding for the entire Downtown. You're right
there is a lot of signage. We wanted to make sure we were honoring the
scope of this effort. That said, the purpose of this work is to develop some
standard signage so that moving forward we'll have specifications and
design standards. If we do wish to replace some other signage sort of in
this similar look and aesthetic, we can do that. These are not meant to be
static designs. We will own the files; we'll be able to fabricate signs if we
want to change them. That was not the focus of this study. We didn't look
at maybe we should change this existing signage to something different.

Council Member Holman: Fair enough. I think maybe just two more
questions. I didn't see in the Staff Report—perhaps I overlooked it—but did
see in your presentation about the coordination of the digital systems, the
APGS, with applications. I didn't see that in the Staff Report. It is intended
that this would coordinate with apps?

Ms. Sullivan: The intent of the single space parking guidance systems would
give us the ability to have a mobile interface with apps that could be
developed. When you come to Palo Alto, you could have an app that says,
"Welcome to Palo Alto. Come here to park. Look, there's 32 spots at Civic
Center right now."

Council Member Holman: With the recommended APGS, how would that
affect our ability to function accurately with valet parking?

Ms. Sullivan: The great thing about the single space system is that it can be
modified by the user. We can sort of turn off parts of it or turn on parts of it
or change the color at will. We could literally—if we wanted to expand or

                                                                          Page 53 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
