                           TRANSCRIPT
There's another one. Developers and large businesses, whether it's Stanford
Research Park, California Avenue or Downtown, would like to have more
development and more employees. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Phyllis Cassel. Welcome.

Phyllis Cassel, League of Women Voters: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council
Members. I had a choice; I could speak now or later. I'm going to speak
now, if you don't mind. I'm representing the League of Women Voters,
speaking for Ellen Forbes. The League of Women Voters of Palo Alto
supports the concept of the Palo Alto Transportation Management
Association. We are glad that it has come to existence. We hope it will be
one more step towards a comprehensive management of our transportation
systems in Palo Alto. The League wants to see effective and efficient
transportation options that entice us out of our single occupancy vehicles.
We want choices that promote optimal flow of traffic, minimize the use of
the private automobile, and encourage the use of alternative transportation
modes. The League believes that the building of an efficient transportation
system recognizes that transportation solutions are interconnected and that
no one, two or three solutions will resolve all the transportation issues. Each
potential solution builds a platform for the next step in an integrated,
efficient transportation system. Such a system must meet the needs of all
of its residents and employees and businesses. Our transportation modes
should be linked to a convenient and affordable regional transit network with
attention to reasonable fares, reduction of travel times, extensive hours of
service and good feeder service. I'll go to the last paragraph. Move
forward. Effective transportation is critical to our quality of life, but it is also
critical that we use transportation modes that reduce our greenhouse gas
emissions. The two are linked. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes this item. Thank you very much,
and thank you for all your efforts that you're having on this.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We
have Item Number 14 that the City Staff has rescheduled for April 14th.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item is City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager: I'm going to skip over a lot of these just given
the hour that we have. Is Monique still here? Since it's so late and you've
got a lot of things, just quick reminders. This week there is a second open
                                                                             Page 70 of 99
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 3/14/16
