                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Shani Kleinhaus.

Shani Kleinhaus:       Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council.         I'm Shani
Kleinhaus. I'm a member of the CAC. I do not speak for the CAC; I speak
for myself. In the earlier discussion, you mentioned that in the future CEQA
will not find significant impacts of new projects. Soon the Comp Plan Land
Use Element process will offer you alternatives that propose a set of
performance measures or now they're evolving more into standards and
requirements to apply to projects. That would further marginalize the
process of CEQA. This means that much of the discussion around new office
development projects will be opaque at Staff discretion, and we may not
always have Hillary here to make sure that that process is sound.
Monitoring compliance is expensive. Code enforcement has not been our
strongest element. Measuring the community indicators will also be very
expensive. Above all of that, when you find adverse impacts—potentially
what Jeff was talking about—there's not always a nexus between that and
development. I think what I'm asking here is to keep CEQA strong. CEQA is
the public's window into what is coming. It provides the granularity that
Mayor Burt was talking about earlier. How would you know that this level of
service here and here is the same? How do we do that? You get that
through CEQA. If you replace CEQA and its power with standards and
requirements, that is gone, the ability of the public to respond and ability of
you to judge to a large extent. I think the problem with bypassing CEQA
and streamlining development is that it creates a lot of frustration in the
community. It really leaves the community with only referendums to go
after projects. That's not a good process for the community. It's very
divisive. It's a problem when the only method the community has is to go
for a referendum rather than comments or a CEQA that can improve this.
When you get the Land Use Element, I hope that you really think about
CEQA and how to strengthen our ability to use it rather than how to
streamline everything. I know this would not be the favorite opinion for
Staff and for many others on the CAC. I think people don't understand this
the way I do, because I use it. Most people really only see that when there's
a real controversy that results in a lawsuit. They don't see how CEQA works
for the people on a project-by-project level. I don't think there's lawsuits all
that often. I think there's research that showed that there isn't. Think
about those tradeoffs and find ways to strengthen rather than weaken
CEQA. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have one late card by Stephanie Munoz. I'll
allow you to speak.

Stephanie Munoz: Thank you very much, Mayor Burt. This was my third
minute from last week. What I wanted to say was we've been in all the
                                                                         Page 52 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
