                         TRANSCRIPT
Then, we'd take another 12-18 months to prepare the EIR. It would be
analyzing that set of policy choices. The first step in doing that analysis
would be to develop a projection of jobs, population, housing and
infrastructure changes based on the policy parameters in that preferred
Plan. Here we don't have the luxury of a preferred Plan yet. We're doing
these things in parallel. We've come up with some straw men, the bookends
of the projections. We're trying to identify the policy parameters that we
think might end up in the Plan to support those projections. That's the
approach we're taking. Is it ...

Mayor Burt: When we look at Table 1, it's largely formulaic based upon
certain growth scenarios and jobs and housing. When we look at all of these
other tables and we look at different policies and programs and measures,
we're saying that we're going to use certain of them for certain scenarios
and not for others. If we can't show any analysis that shows discretely what
was the basis for saying using it under Scenario 5 has such-and-such
aggregate impact and we're only doing it there. Then, we come back and
say, "Ballpark, what's the impact of that measure?" You say, "We can't tell
you. It's just so nebulous that we can't break it apart." I have a hard time
believing something real was done in that analysis. I know how you perform
analysis. There may be a hesitancy to characterize realistically the degree
of accuracy that they could reasonably have at the point in time when
they're doing the EIR. I'm much more comfortable with them saying, "This
one has to be by nature very much a ballpark. This one, we were able to do
a moderate amount of calculation, and here's what it is." That's the
transparency I'm talking about. It has to be part of what they're doing or
this is all mythical about having all these other measures and policies that
are being looked at for different scenarios. We're just being BS'd. Either
they've got some basis for coming to a give conclusion or they don't. If they
do have some basis, but they feel they need to put qualifications on it, I'm
okay with that.

Ms. Gitelman: I think part of why this is a complicated conversation is that
we're a little apples and oranges in these tables. There are some things in
Table 2, for example, that very clearly will have different impacts, and we'll
be able to articulate based on the analysis of the various scenarios. For
example, if you move housing sites, if you increase residential densities in
some area and lower them in others, those are the types of changes that we
are going to be able to parse and, by looking at the results of the scenarios,
tell you what the impacts of those choices are. The same is true of the
infrastructure items that are in one of the infrastructure tables. Where it
gets a little cloudier is some of these zoning ideas that are a basis or a
rationale for coming up with the employment numbers or the housing

                                                                        Page 54 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
