                         TRANSCRIPT
eligibility area for the Downtown RPP right now is walking distance, the
ordinance should be worded to ensure that all streets within a given radius
of a center point should be automatically considered together in any new
eligibility area or streets that are added in the future. Second, Sue-Ellen
referenced this as in the future it would be an administrative action to add
additional streets, but there is no time period included in the ordinance to
mandate the review and decision once petitions are submitted requesting
addition to an RPP. I would recommend that a time period of 30 or 60 days,
whatever is most reasonable, be included to avoid petitions being kept in
limbo and not being responsive to the citizens who are impacted by this
spillover effect of an eligibility area boundary. I'm a little unclear as to
whether the areas that are just outside the blue or Zone 10, Sue-Ellen,
would you consider those, if you have signed petitions as I know you do
now, as part of the Downtown RPP or a new RPP after March 31st? How long
will that take you to review those petitions?

Council Member Schmid: She will answer at the end.

Ms. Skrabutenas: Lastly, you mentioned the hang tags versus the stickers.
Is there an option for a resident to opt for their one free permit as a hang
tag rather than a sticker? Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you very much. Next speaker is Bernard—I
think Staff will respond when all the speakers are done—Gifford, followed by
Norman Beamer.

Bernard Gifford: My name is Bernard Gifford. I live at 842 Guinda. I've
been a homeowner in Palo Alto since 1989. I'm a professor at University of
California Berkeley. My wife is a professor at Stanford, so we have the
classical mixed marriage. My problem with this particular policy is that I
cannot figure out whether or not it's a punishment on those of us who live in
Palo Alto or it's something designed to limit parking. The punishment starts
with the very process of trying to acquire permits. For those of you that
have gone through the process, it is very, very cumbersome. Not only that,
the infliction of a $50 nuisance fee is really designed not to raise revenue
but in many ways to punish us. Some of us are paying close to $30,000 a
year in real estate taxes, and so it's not the $50 or the $60 that's at
question, but why impose any sort of fee? It would be very simple to
identify the residents in these areas and to send them a note and say do you
need two stickers or four stickers. We would forget about the dollar amount.
As I said, it's not the dollar amount that's a problem; it's the sense of why
are we being punished, why not increase our taxes. It's almost like you're
being punished for living in certain parts of the community. The other thing
that's something I have personally witnessed since I have a sign

                                                                      Page 86 of 125
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/1/16
