                          TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

11.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9589 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Approving the 2015 Urban Water Management
      Plan and Adopt an Ordinance Amending Municipal Code Sections
      12.32.010 (Water Use Restrictions) and 12.32.020 (Enforcement).”

Mayor Burt: Now we can move on to Item Number 11 which is a Public
Hearing. Staff and the Utilities Advisory Commission have recommended
that the City Council adopt a resolution approving the 2015 Urban Water
Management Plan and adopt an ordinance amending the Municipal Code
Sections 12.32.010 regarding water use restrictions and 12.32.020
regarding enforcement. Welcome Mr. Shikada.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager:         Thank you very much.        Mayor,
members of the Council, Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager, wearing a hat
as Interim Utilities Director for this item. Karla Dailey will be reporting for
Staff and provide you an overview of the item before you. If I could just
provide a little bit of context. This is a statutory requirement including a
requirement for a public hearing, established under State Water Code. The
City of Palo Alto is among over 400 agencies throughout the state that are
required to prepare and update every five years an Urban Water
Management Plan. This is, as the Council knows, touching on a topic that
has been much discussed in terms of the various dimensions of our water
supply and water management including supply, issues with the aquifer,
issues of the role of recycled water in our drought, a contingency response,
any one of which are meaty topics in and of themselves. Really the
statutory requirement is simply an opportunity for us to wrap those topics
together. The State does provide us fairly prescriptive requirements as to
the contents and the structure of the Plan. Simply for the purpose of a prop,
I brought along the handbook put out by the State Department of Water
Resources in how the Plans are to be prepared. As noted, these are each
meaty topics, but we will provide a touch point for the Council to reference
opportunities in the future as well for each one of the individual topics to
come back. With that, Ms. Dailey.

Karla Dailey, Utilities Senior Resource Planner: Thank you so much. Good
evening, Council Members. I'm Karla Dailey, Senior Resource Planner in
Utilities. I have a very brief presentation for you tonight. As Interim
Director Shikada mentioned, the Urban Water Management Plan is required
by the Urban Water Management Planning Act. We are required every five
years to update this Plan, and it applies to all water suppliers over a certain
size, which we certainly are. A couple of notable events. Actually, let me
back up one second. Again as Interim Utilities Director Shikada mentioned,

                                                                        Page 34 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
