                          TRANSCRIPT
thought of it as for kid and residents between south Palo Alto and west Palo
Alto. Have we had any discussions with the Research Park? They now have
their Transportation Management Agency, and there's 26,000 employees in
the Research Park. They had heat maps on where their employees reside,
and then they're doing a survey right now like we did for the Downtown
Transportation Management Agency on what willingness there is of workers
to take other modes if alternatives were attractive.       Are you in any
discussions with them about the value of that grade separation and, frankly,
this whole corridor to the Research Park in addition to the value between
south and west Palo Alto?

Mr. Mello: Getting direction from you this evening would enable us to begin
the      preliminary     project     work      associated     with      this
overcrossing/undercrossing. We can certainly start having that discussion
and look at how it fits into the greater network as well as the regional
bicycle network.

Mayor Burt: We had also this—I forget what you call it—kind of a pop-up
event that was actually on the creek. It only had a couple of blocks that
were on the creek, and then the people tried out different routes. What
were the responses from the community on the value and preferences and
all that?

Mr. Knowles: We had about 250 people attend that event. It was a
Saturday afternoon, where we opened up a section between Waverley and
Cowper for the community to explore, about four hours. The comments
received back through comment cards were attached, all of them scanned
and copied and provided to Council. About 60-70 percent were supportive.
Some people expressed support but had reservations about some of the
constraints that we shared. The maps that I presented in this PowerPoint
and the Feasibility Study were also shared with the public. Some people
were a little bit let down that the path didn't go all the way through, that it
didn't look like the section that we showed from Waverley/Cowper all the
way through. Some of them also shared lots of concerns that we'd heard
throughout the process about privacy, about safety, about safety to the
creek as well, the need for additional gates that would have to be installed
potentially, the fact that it couldn't be lit at night. There were lots of
concerns that we also heard from the public at that event.            I think
everybody expressed gratitude for being able to experience the trail at least
firsthand.    We heard also from one of the property owners who was
surprised to see the event happening and came to us and also talked about
the privacy concerns. This is a property owner that did have a low fence,
and people were walking past their home. She was able to tell us firsthand
                                                                        Page 33 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
