                          TRANSCRIPT
see the little red arrows that kind of demonstrate that the people that are
going to live here in the future are currently commuting and would be using
multiple gateways. This is my final slide, and it just illustrates the specific
assignment that we assumed. We took new counts as part of this study at
El Camino Real/Serra Street and El Camino Real/Stanford Avenue which
were the closest intersections to this primary gateway. Those are the two
we looked at. Based on those counts, which actually were lower than the
2010 projections in the GUP EIR, which is probably due to a number of
things, the economy that has changed and dipped and come back since that
EIR was prepared as well as the no net new trips goal that Stanford has
been pretty effective at meeting. Those counts led to this 33-5-62 percent
distribution to and from the north, east and south at El Camino Real/Serra
Street. That's directly from the counts. We usually like to use actual counts
to show us what the trip patterns are, and then assign the trips based on
that pattern. That essentially concludes my little description of our traffic
impact analysis. As I said, no new impacts were identified as part of this
analysis. I'll certainly take questions at any time. Thanks.

Ms. Palter: Thank you, Ellen. Moving to the parking analysis. When the
team got together to think about how many parking spaces were going to be
appropriate to support this housing, they looked at the trends of parking
need for this particular demographic on campus. About 10 years ago, we
had a parking permit per bed ratio of 0.76, which means about three out of
every four graduate students wanted to buy a parking permit to store their
car. Through the time, that has decreased steadily as it has kind of
nationwide in terms of this generation of students and their need for owning
a car. It's now about 0.56 parking permit per bed. In other words, one out
of every two students wants to have a parking permit. The parking at
Stanford is done on a district basis, so it isn't assigned based on a building,
etc. This blue area that you see is the parking district that coincides with
Escondido Village. Within that district, when this project is over adding its
700 new spaces, the parking supply will be at a ratio of 0.61 spaces per bed.
The supply will be much higher than our current demand, which is 0.56
spaces per bed. That actually brings us to one of the most exciting aspects
of this project as far as we're concerned. We're seeking a way to decrease
for the entire Escondido Village and drive down even lower parking space per
bed, and that's through really ramping up a residential Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) Program. I know you're aware; we spoke last
week about our commuter TDM program. This is more about how do you
provide support so that a student doesn't need to have the expense of
bringing a car to campus. That's a combination of onsite amenities that they
don't need to go off campus anymore for it or, for those things that they
really do need to go off campus, can you provide Zipcars, can you provide
Enterprise rental car. These amenities, while centered in this new project,
                                                                         Page 5 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
