                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure. I think that is the key point, what the Mayor just
said. It is a pilot. I will move that we authorize the City Manager to execute
the Memorandum of Understanding, MOU, with the deletion of Number 2,
because that does not sound like a pilot to me, which is participate with the
Office of Sustainability. That part would go out.

Council Member DuBois: I would second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to authorize the City Manager or his designee to sign the Cool Block Pilot
Memorandum of Understanding between the City of Palo Alto and
Empowerment Institute with the deletion of “City of Palo Alto Deliverables”
Number 2- “Participate with the Office of Sustainability and other City Staff
to integrate the Cool Block Program into the S/CAP strategy and encourage
the participation of the S/CAP Advisory Board.”

Mayor Burt: Did you wish to speak further to your motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I did want to reiterate, even though it may
not have seemed like this, Sandra, we actually all do—we haven't voted yet.
I support this, and I think that it's a great thing. I do commend your efforts.
I know it's taking a lot of your time. I think it's a great thing that people like
you in Palo Alto exist and bring these things forward to us.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just briefly. I like the idea of the pilot. I get the
idea of kind of group support. I think it's definitely a good approach to try.
Actually the Mayor and Vice Mayor hit kind of both of the points and
questions I had. I think the message is coming through pretty loud and
clear that we don't want to weaken emergency prep in any way. I think
we're getting feedback that that's not going to happen. The two points I
wanted to go over was there seemed to be a little conflict—I think you've
clarified that for us—between Palo Alto personalized information which
you're saying will be online, and the book. I think some of the feedback you
might get from the end of the pilot you might get today is, I think, the book
needs to refer to the local, online content as much as possible so that we
have a consistent message. The second point was striking Number 2 or
modifying that. That was something I was concerned about as well. Thank
you for covering that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss:      I appreciate the Mayor coming to a succinct
description of what we've been doing. One of the things I'd really like to do,
                                                                           Page 56 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/29/16
