                          TRANSCRIPT
others think. If anyone wants to make a Motion, of course I'll let them and
the Mayor decide on when we should do that.             Just to confirm, my
understanding is that the College Terrace permit system is for residents
only, but there is short-term parking allowed, so that you can park there for
up to two hours from 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. That's correct?

Mr. Keene: All of our RPP programs would have short-term parking. Almost
every RPP program in the entire region has short-term parking.

Council Member Wolbach: That also means that weekends and evenings are
fully available. Because it is 8:00 to 5:00 with two hours allowed, really it's
de facto 10:00 to 3:00. If you are visiting a friend, if you're a guest coming
to visit your friends, any time until 10:00 A.M. is free and anytime after
3:00. If you park after 3:00, you can stay there as late as you'd like. Come
over for coffee in the afternoon and stick around for dinner with your friends.
If there's a way to incorporate some guest permits as well, whether it's door
hangers or whatever, I'd be interested in hearing what that is. I do think
that the PTC did their job and sent Evergreen Park and Southgate to us on
par with each other, because they're of equal importance and equal urgency.
I fully appreciate that a lot of the residents have been waiting a number of
years. Not all of us have been up here for 10 years, but we're definitely—
we'll see as comments go around—eager to see some relief for both
Evergreen Park and Southgate.           I'm interested in hearing what my
colleagues have to say about Edgewood Plaza and Crescent Park. I have
less definitive views about those. I do think it is worth noting something
that I've always felt about permit parking systems. They're always a
double-edged sword. There is always a downside. We have heard that,
although there is strong outcry from the neighborhoods, it is not unanimous.
I just want to make sure that we do recognize that. The residents are not
all of the same mind. Some would oppose this. I think if somebody tried to
impose this—if people started circulating a petition in my neighborhood right
now for this, it would probably wouldn't be very successful. In Evergreen
Park and Southgate, it seems very clear that there is broad consensus if not
unanimity in favor of taking action and doing it promptly, doing it in a way
that puts the residents first. As I asked during the question period earlier,
anything that we can do for Southgate to improve safety and provide
parking relief through engineering solutions parallel to the institution of an
RPP system, I think is worth pursuing. It sounds like Staff is already starting
to work on some of those. If it's helpful and allowed for us to incorporate it
into our Motion that tonight we're interested in accelerating that, supporting
that in whatever ways Staff needs, I'll be very supportive of doing that this
evening. Again, that's things like adding red paint at the corners and at the
edges of driveways to make sure they're not blocked, having more passing
areas so that—even if you can't have a car on one side, a car on the other
                                                                        Page 93 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
