                         TRANSCRIPT
middle of that. I think Staff initially recommended not to do it, given all
your other work. For me, it would be a lower priority right now.

Ms. Gitelman: Council will have an opportunity to follow through on that
suggestion in the coming weeks. It's on your Agenda.

Council Member DuBois: Thirty-three, the paid parking study. It's under
way; it's green. Again, relative to other projects we have, it would have
been lower priority for me. Thirty-seven, secondary dwelling units. I know
this is a hot topic. I'm concerned about the return for the time. I think you
can spend a lot of time on this and make some small adjustment, which
won't add any significant housing. If you make radical changes, it probably
will not get support from the community. The question is why spend a lot of
time on it. Again, maybe not a politically popular sentiment, but I think it's
a place to save time. Forty-one, shuttle expansion. I think this is also
coming to us soon. Again, my perspective is it may not be a place for us to
spend a lot of time. Forty-nine, the speed survey updates. Again, I think
(inaudible) are important, but it'd be relatively less important on my list. I
think that's it.

Mayor Burt: Anyone else? Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I have a question about some of these things that
seem to me, no matter what color they are, that they're things that go hand
in hand with the Comp Plan. I'm not quite sure how we color code them if
they're related to the Comp Plan. I had a question about something else
too. Hold that and then respond to that. The build-to lines, I appreciate
Council Member DuBois putting that into the parking lot. Related to that,
I've brought up a few times the over 3-year-old Colleagues Memo that, I
believe, Council Members Scharff, Schmid, Burt and I wrote, having to do
with El Camino Design Guidelines and how those integrate with the grand
boulevard design elements. It was pretty explicit about some of the things
that we should be engaging in. To my understanding, that was going to be
done with a part of the Comp Plan Update, but the Citizens Advisory
Committee (CAC) members don't know about it and I don't see it on this list.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Holman, I'll have to go back and review that
Colleagues Memo. I do remember when we brought forward our proposed
ordinance on the build-to line, it suggested increasing setbacks along El
Camino, and the room was packed with property owners who objected to
that concept. At that time, the Council said, "We want to scale back this
ordinance, adopt something quickly that's just a little adjustment to the
build-to line. This larger idea of increasing setbacks on El Camino should be
dealt with in the context of the Comp Plan Update." That's the sort of track

                                                                       Page 69 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
