                         TRANSCRIPT
who work here and come in from out of town. They drive, the vast majority
of them. We have to have some approach to raising money to solve some of
the traffic and parking problems. I think the approach that you have before
you tonight is probably reasonable. I don't think it's the very best that's
possible; I think it's a realistic approach. I think we can move it forward.
One of the things I find interesting is we keep hearing if we had parking
meters, it would be much better. Once upon a time, Palo Alto had parking
meters Downtown. Are you aware of that? In the 1960s and early 1970s,
we had parking meters. Nobody parked Downtown; they all went and
shopped in the Stanford. Putting parking meters in is not necessarily going
to benefit the community or raise that much money. It may drive shoppers
away. They'll shop Stanford Shopping Center or El Camino or someplace
else. It's not good for the Downtown businesses. What you have before you
tonight is a limited approach to solving the problems we have for traffic and
parking and the disparity between how much total taxes are paid by
residents and businesses. I think it's probably the best we can do currently.
I'd rather see it go on the ballot sooner rather than later. Given the choice
between early 2017 and 2018, I would prefer 2017. I think if we could do it
in 2016 and do it effectively for the November election, that would be even
better, but that may not be practical.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bill Ross.

Bill Ross: Good evening. I've been a business person in Palo Alto for 29
years and a resident for much longer. I think if you look at the purpose of
this tax, to get transportation improvements, to address transportation
congestion, you should look back seven years. It's been in that last seven
years that you've pursued a consistent administrative practice under the
assessment of new development under the Environmental Quality Act,
whether it's a Mitigated Negative Declaration or an Environmental Impact
Report (EIR), for coming up with either mitigation in the form of Traffic
Demand Management that did not involve capital improvements or some
type of real parking equity. The result has been that you've deferred what
should have been real hard exactions, lane extensions, intersection
improvements, traffic signalization on El Camino, under the guise of TDM
being weak and failing to address the cumulative traffic impacts. My answer
is the way you solve this problem is change the way you approve
development. Assuming that's not going to happen, you can come up with
the examples, one after one, 2209 El Camino, 3159 El Camino, 2180 El
Camino, 441 Page Mill, 1050 Page Mill. They're all the same. It's a paper
mitigation measure. If you're not going to do that, I'm surprised that you
didn't address an assessment for traffic improvements instead of a tax. An
assessment would have one benefit that it would be applicable to non-
governmental agencies. If we're talking fairness, first of all I'd say why
                                                                       Page 65 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
