                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: When we start getting to the point of actual language, we might
have some suggestions about what that looks like. For the concept …

Mayor Scharff; Right now, we need to get a second for even the concept.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'd second that, to get them off the avenue, right?

Council Member Holman:        Yeah, off California and University Avenues.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: To not have laundromats on California Avenue. To not allow
that.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to add to the Motion, “add to Section 18.04.030(114)(B), ‘not allowed
on University Avenue or California Avenue’ after ‘cleaning services.’”

Vice Mayor Kniss: We could have them off the side streets.

Council Member Holman: Side streets, it's fine.

Mayor Scharff: Anybody want to speak to the Motion? You want to speak
to your Motion?

Council Member Holman: If people just think about laundromats that
they've seen in this town or other towns, I just don't think that's a type of
use that we want to have on our two main streets. Zone for what you
want, which I'll repeat later again.

Mayor Scharff: You seconded. Do you want to speak to your second?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I don't think I need to.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Vice Mayor Kniss to add to the Motion, “preclude laundry and cleaning
services on University Avenue and California Avenue.” (New Part A)

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no further lights, you want to vote on the board?
That passes on a—someone didn't vote—6-3 vote with myself, Council
Member Tanaka and Council Member Fine voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Fine, Scharff, Tanaka no

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Moving …



                                                                       Page 85 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
