                          TRANSCRIPT
Parents are riding with them, bikes, and all that. Adding 800 more people
right around Escondido Village needs much more careful planning. Maybe an
overpass is needed on El Camino Real or maybe an overpass on where I am,
which is Williams. We need to be more creative. We can't just have 1,000
more people and expect that traffic will subside. Usually habits of graduate
students are they're late sleepers, so there is a lot of traffic going in and out
for groceries. We need to look at all that. I'm sure Stanford is capable of
thinking all those things. Please do tell them that they need to think about
that. The most important and the most concerning is the TCE effect. They
thoroughly rechecked the grounds to see if the contamination that was in
the industrial park spilled over to that side of the grounds. If it is, they need
to let us know, and they need to take action to mitigate that process. Also,
outside the box thinking, I understand that they are open to now residential
building in the Stanford business park. It's a great idea. Let's look at it, and
let's see how we can get creative to get more houses, more units in the
business park. They can work close to the jobs they have. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Back to the Action Items. No, let's vote on the
Consent Calendar. Sorry. I almost forgot that. I'll move the Consent
Calendar. Do I have a second?

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-9 including changes to Agenda Item
Number 8 - Fiscal Year 2017 Midyear Budget Review … as outlined in the
Staff Memorandum.

4.    Review and Acceptance of the Annual Report on Development Impact
      Fees for Fiscal Year 2016.

5.    Adoption of a Budget Amendment Closing the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget
      and Capital Projects, and Approval of the Fiscal Year 2016
      Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR).

6.    Resolution 9665 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to Continue the Palo Alto CLEAN Program: (1) for Local Non-solar
      Resources, at a Price of 8.4 ¢/kWh to 8.5 ¢/kWh With no Capacity
      Limit; and (2) for Local Solar Resources, at a 16.5 ¢/kWh Price That
      Drops to Avoided Cost at 3 MW; and Approval of Associated Program
      Rules and Agreements.”

7.    203 Forest Avenue [14PLN-00472]: Appeal of the Planning and
      Community Environment Director's Denial of an Architectural Review
      Application for a 4,996 Square Foot Residential Addition Above an
                                                                          Page 23 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
