                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: I appreciate that. Let me just make the rest of the
comment now. My comment is I'm not sure that we're doing the job we
should be doing of integration between the shuttle and Marguerite and
between VTA. I don't know. Have you spent time talking to our shuttle
people? Do you think this is well integrated?

Mr. Burger: The present arrangement between VTA services and City
shuttle service is to not be duplicative, serving different markets to make
sure we maximize the places that are served.           As we get closer to
developing the final plan, we'll meet with Josh and Rachica [phonetic] and
those on your Staff who develop the City service to make sure that they're
integrated as well as we can. Do you have anything to add?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I don't know but, Josh, maybe you can find out. I'm
going to guess that operating our shuttle is cheaper than VTA's whatever per
mile it would be.

Mr. Burger: Typically contracted services have a lower cost than VTA
services, which employ union labor.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Many years ago, after the shuttle started, we had hoped
that VTA might be willing to share in that cost. That's never happened.

Jay Tyree, VTA: I think that's a great point, and it's very timely. Like Adam
was saying, in Measure B there's the Core Connectivity Study that we're
proposing along the same timeline here, where we are looking at exactly
those kind of arrangements, where maybe VTA funnels some money to a
local operator. For example, if Palo Alto wants to create a new route to fill a
gap that a 40-foot VTA bus maybe can't serve, maybe it's a better fit for a
local shuttle operator if we can cost-share in that. That's why we are
looking at the Core Connectivity money to help in that kind of strategy.

Mr. Mello: If I could just add. We have been working fairly closely with VTA
on our ongoing Shuttle Study, which we kicked off last year. We actually
put our study on hold, awaiting the outcome of the Next Network Initiative.
We'll be coming to you in March, most likely, with a plan on enhancing our
shuttle service and better integrating it with what VTA has proposed under
the Next Network, assuming that stays static.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thanks. I think that's probably the most important thing
we can do, try to integrate this in such a way that it's not duplicative and
also it's the most reasonable cost for our residents. Given that, I still wish
that we could not make those cuts on the 88 in particular. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.
                                                                        Page 15 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
