                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: Quick question. On Slide 9, you have expected
fiscal benefit of a new resident is greater than the benefit of a new employee
in the City. Looking at Packet Page 446, it shows the marginal cost burden
on the General Fund. Per resident, it's 382. Per employee, it's 258. Is it a
typo on the slide or a typo in the book?

Ms. Gitelman:    I'm sorry, Council Member Tanaka.     I had trouble hearing
your question.

Council Member Tanaka: On Slide 9 of your presentation, the fourth bullet
says the expected fiscal benefit of a new resident is greater than the benefit
of a new employee in the City. If you look at Packet Page 446, it shows the
numbers, and they're different. It shows it actually costs more per resident
than per employee.

Ms. Gitelman: I think this Packet Page 446 shows the cost burden to the
City. The residents cost slightly more.

Council Member Tanaka:      It costs the City more per resident than per
employee.

Ms. Gitelman: Correct.

Council Member Tanaka: How come on Slide 9 you say just the opposite?

James Keene, City Manager: Aren't you building in the tax contribution from
the different … I would say in our situation, given the tax structure and the
high property values in Palo Alto, the tax benefit that we get from a resident
pushes that cost burden a little bit ahead on the employee side. In general,
that's a departure from what the standard practice usually is in most
jurisdictions that are very much due to both the situation with being able to
collect property tax revenues from commercial in California and the high
property values in Palo Alto for residential property.

Ms. Gitelman: When we get to the public hearing, our consultant who did
the Fiscal Study is here and can answer further questions.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. When we do the Final EIR, there is
some stuff going on with Stanford during the same timeframe, both the
existing 2,000 graduate student expansion and the GUP expansion. What's
the interaction between that and the EIR? Is the EIR going to consider that
as well or how is that going to work?
                                                                           Page 20 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
