                         TRANSCRIPT
somewhere that if you write something, you retain it longer than if you just
listen or you later hear it. I got an Agenda for each meeting I went to, and I
wrote down the name of every speaker who came. I wrote five to ten words
about what they had said, what was different or unique of their thing. Did I
agree with them all? No. I voted for some, against some. I had to in my
own mind say, if I voted against someone, "Did I have a good reason for
doing it?" I went through my sheets the other day, figured out there was
about 1,000 people who come to speak each year. That means almost
9,000 people in the time I've been here. That is the basic deal of local
government. We agree to make decisions in public. We have the same
information the public has. We will listen to anyone who comes and has
something to say about that.         From my own experience, I know it's
important to them. They feel it; they know it; they experience it. That
basic deal of local government has been my pleasure to participate in over
the last nine years. I thank my colleagues, and I thank the people of Palo
Alto for allowing me to do that.

Mayor Scharff: Assembly Member Berman.

Marc Berman, State Assembly Member: Thank you, Mayor. First, I want to
thank Staff. You've been rightfully thanked many times tonight, but thank
you for all the hard work you do, the constant politeness with which you
treat everybody, both Council Members and the public. A lot of folks don't
realize how available you guys are, both to members of the public, a small
subset of the public that emails you directly, sees when you reply at 11:00
at night on a Tuesday or 2:00 p.m. on a Sunday. You guys work tirelessly
to improve our community and make Palo Alto the amazing place it is to live.
Thank you for that. I want to congratulate the new Council Members that
just got elected. Thank Council Member Kou for the organizational chart.
For those who couldn't see, Palo Alto residents are first and Council is
second. Let me just say, at least for tonight, in this Chamber it's nice to be
the boss again. I know that'll change as soon as I step outside. I have a
couple of things I've wanted to tell all of you. No. To the new Council
Members especially, the opportunity to serve your community is really
amazing. For me and I know for a couple of Council Members, it's especially
moving because we grew up here. You get to go back to the elementary
school or the middle school or the high school that you went to and talk to
students and try to be a role model. I'm really proud of a lot of the
accomplishments that we had, some that I'll be able to look at for decades.
It's been noted a couple of times that I served on the Infrastructure Blue
Ribbon Commission. I know there are a couple of IBRC Commissioners here
also tonight or they were; they might have gone home already. We're going
to build a new Public Safety Building in Palo Alto, which is something that
had been talked about for decades and is now finally being accomplished.
                                                                         Page 27 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
