                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kou: Second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Kou to add to the Motion, “retain in Section 18.04.030(125),
Retail Service examples.”

Mayor Scharff: Any discussion? You want to speak to your …

Council Member Holman: It's fine to have the general language and the
broad language. I think that's fine. It's so broad, it's good to have some
examples to provide to Staff to use as a basis. Again, I talked with Staff
earlier about this, and they were fine keeping it in. I'm fine with the Staff
editing out the ones that don't apply anymore because those kinds of
businesses don't exist anymore. I'm fine with that. That's the purpose.

Mayor Scharff:    Council Member Kou, do you want to speak to your
second?

Council Member Kou: No.

Mayor Scharff: Just briefly, I'll say I agree with Council Member DuBois
that some of those don't make sense. It gives more flexibility not to have
them in; it makes more sense. That fails on a 6-3 Motion with Council
Members Kou, Filseth, and Holman voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Filseth, Holman, Kou yes

Council Member Holman: The next one is something I mentioned earlier,
which is on Ordinance Page 5, Packet Page 431. It's "C" in about the middle
of the page. That has to do with entrances and lobbies or reception areas
serving non-ground-floor uses may be located on the ground floor. Again,
adding language that limits the square footage needed to serve upper floors.
The reason I'm proposing this is because we do have some occasions
Downtown where a considerable amount of the ground floor is not in retail
use; it is a lobby. This is to preclude that from happening.

Council Member Filseth: I think we should vote on that one too. There was
some discussion on this at the PTC meeting, so we should vote on that one
too.

Mayor Scharff: Is there a second?

Council Member DuBois: I would second it with an Amendment, if you're
willing to hear it. Rather than prescribe what it is tonight, maybe we'd direct
Staff to come back with a proposal to address this.

                                                                        Page 87 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
