                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: I agree with you. It would be nice to have some kind
of floor on this, but it seems kind of complicated to do tonight. In general, if
we do want to support thriving retail, then a density of that retail use is
important for the businesses to survive.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A question for Staff. If we take this out, are we
opening the door to larger facilities taking over? Do we limit the square
footage at least?

Mayor Scharff: I'd probably be willing to limit it to 5,000 or less.

Mr. Lait: We do have a definition of commercial recreation, which we were
just looking at. We define fitness studios or exercise services both as
commercial recreation and as personal service.       The reason for the
identification of the number of students or patrons was to distinguish
between an incidental personal service and a large commercial recreation.
Yes, I'm concerned that we'd want to spend some time thinking about that
distinction.

Council Member Holman: Potentially, just potentially, we could get an
Equinox without this kind of limitation?

Mr. Lait: We would have conflicting regulations. We would have the CUP
requirement for Equinox under a commercial recreation, but then they would
probably argue they're under personal service. We don't want to create that
kind of …

Mayor Scharff: We're thinking about concepts here. I would expect Staff to
harmonize it when they come back with the Ordinance.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible) to Staff to figure it out.

Mayor Scharff: It's got to change in this Ordinance because the Ordinance
has to come back. I think the answer is commercial recreation. I'm not
sure what we have against commercial recreation, frankly.

Mr. Lait: I don't think we have anything against it.

Mayor Scharff: I'm not sure why we need a CUP on it except for big, large
ones.

Mr. Lait: How do we distinguish those big large ones from this?


                                                                        Page 115 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
