                         TRANSCRIPT
Council approves the attached Resolution, we would move directly into
making contract modifications to the existing enforcement and online permit
sales contracts. Then, we would update the administrative guidelines; install
signs within the program area and start selling permits in March, with a goal
of enforcement beginning in April. We would conduct quite a bit of public
outreach to make people aware that this program is rolling out and also give
them the ability to purchase permits.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm just going to add one thing as Josh finishes up, just a
couple of things from the Council's original direction. I wanted to point out
your Motion originally asked us to consider prioritizing retail and personal
service workers as well as low-income workers. We gave some thought to
that and really decided that we would spend all of our time managing that
prioritization program. We know how to prioritize for low-income workers;
we've done it Downtown. If we were going to try and modify that and get
fancy and do it by land use, it was just going to get complicated. We carried
over the suggestion from Downtown to prioritize low-income workers. Also,
you had asked us to consider transferrable permits for the low-income
workers. At this point, we're not recommending that. We have the daily
permits and stickers for the employees. They're not transferrable, but that
might be something you want to consider further. Finally, I don't know if
Josh mentioned it. The limit of 250 permits is coincidentally the same
number of people that we have on the waiting list for the Cal. Ave. garages.
It's a good estimate of current demand for permitted parking in the area.

Mr. Mello: With that, we'll take questions.

Mayor Scharff: We have a lot of public speakers tonight. It's going to be
two minutes, and it's going to be five minutes for the groups of speakers
that we have when we have five cards. I would encourage everyone, if you
can be briefer than that, that would be great. As it is, I would expect us to
finish this meeting somewhere around 12:15. I just wanted everyone to
know that it's probably going to be two hours and 15 minutes at least. With
that, our first speaker is Paul Machado. We have five people who are here
for Paul. Paul, you'll have five minutes.

Public Hearing opened at 9:57 P.M.

Paul Machado speaking for five people, James Cornett, Doria Summa, Dedra
Hauser, Patrick Slattery: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council. Staff
and residents have spent countless hours to create an RPP that prevents
Evergreen Park becoming a commercial parking lot. The process started 4
years ago with residents doing car counts, then collecting signatures on a
petition that requested a College Terrace-like RPP. Residents drafted an RPP

                                                                      Page 79 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
