                          TRANSCRIPT
on this topic, but I didn't know it was so fraught. It's really amazing. I
didn't expect this level of emotion on the topic. Maybe eight, nine years
ago, I was planning to build a house. I went through the Building Code at
the same time Elizabeth Wong was.           I was reading about it in the
newspaper. The neighbors didn't want Elizabeth Wong to build this building.
I wondered why.        If she's got the approval and she meets all the
requirements, why can't she just build her house? It's a house on Webster
somewhere. Never met Elizabeth Wong. Then, I saw this thing. It's like
there's all of a sudden a building that's completely okay and conforms with
all the rules. For some reason, it got stopped. This was maybe two years
ago because I read the newspaper every week cover to cover. Recently, I
figured out it's Elizabeth Wong again. Just recently, I met Elizabeth Wong
somewhere. She had a nametag. I said, "You're Elizabeth Wong." I'm like,
"Why is it that people are stopping you from building a building which
apparently was originally perfectly approved?" The first time it was okay,
and then somebody opposed it. For some reason, the tail is wagging the
dog. If I own a property and I want to build a building and I follow all the
rules, it ought to be okay. I think the same thing for every other person.
We're trying to be a City of laws and not a City of people, if you know what I
mean. All I'm saying is I think it should be approved somehow. I don't
know which one, and I don't know all the details. The building is not too
ugly; it's not too pretty; it's okay. Just a newspaper reader following it, I
was puzzled. I said somebody is stopping this for who knows what reason.
At any rate, thank you. You guys really put up with a lot of stuff. It's tough.
You have my sympathy.

Mayor Scharff: Karin Alana to be followed by Jake Lowenheim.

Karim Allana: Good evening, Honorable Mayor and Council Members. Thank
you for giving me the opportunity to speak. I live on 611 Webster, which is
also in the Downtown area and own a business here as well. I own an
architectural engineering company, Allana Buick and Bers in Palo Alto. We
employ about 120 employees. I'm very happy to see this building go up. I
think that it's a very sustainable building, which is my specialty. It's built
out of concrete. It has very efficient daylighting and light and glass that is
necessary today in energy efficiency. I'm also pleased to see that a building
within the FAR allowable ratio and the zoning is what is allowed here. It's a
mixed-use project, which is great, accommodates both people living and
working, which is exactly what we need to cut down traffic and people. I
also think the building is energy efficient and elegant in construction and
architecture.     What I am puzzled by is the opposition, especially
Mr. Harbour's view. Why would a project that meets all of the City's zoning
requirements, all of the FAR requirements face this type of scrutiny from a
person that doesn't want it in his neighborhood? This is a NIMBY(Not in my
                                                                         Page 44 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
