                          TRANSCRIPT
but it's probably not zero, then do we really want to—maybe it should be 50
percent parking requirement or something like that. What does Staff think?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we proposed two things in this section. One is the
reduction in the guest parking. The other is no parking for really small units,
less than 500 square feet.

Council Member Filseth: The issue, I think, is if somebody consolidates
these lots and they put up an apartment building that's got three times as
many units as there used to be there, even if some of them are small, it
doesn't mean they won't have cars. I'm sensitive to the argument they
might have fewer cars per unit, but they're probably not going to have zero
cars.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we'd be open to some modifications here, if you have
something to suggest. We do think, given the language in the Housing
Element, that HCD is going to be looking for a parking incentive. It's
probably not okay to just have streamlined review and reduced fees. They
said such as streamlining, reduction in parking requirements, or graduated
densities. We haven't provided graduated densities. It kind of feels like we
should do something on the parking side. We thought smaller units close to
transit. SOFA is walkable to Downtown. There would be less parking
demand both because it's …

Mayor Scharff: Do you think we could get away with 50 percent?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah.

Council Member Filseth: I'd be good with that. The maker of the Motion?

Council Member Fine: Nope.

Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff
to add to the Motion, “replace Section (k) with, ‘parking requirements for
residential units less than 500 sq. ft. would be reduced 50 Percent.’” (New
Part A.vi.)

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to propose a—I think I've already spoken
to my Motion.

Mayor Scharff: I'm just going to say I agree with Council Member Filseth.
Giving away parking in these areas as an incentive is the wrong incentive. I
understand that HCD wants it, and I understand it's expensive. I think by
moving to 50 percent we're recognizing that low-income housing produces
                                                                        Page 97 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
