                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Penny Ellson.

Penny Ellson: Thank you. This is just a brief announcement actually of a
meeting. Today the VTA next network plan for bus service regionally was
released. It's very disappointing for Palo Alto. We're going to see probably
some cuts, looks like. There are some upcoming community meetings
where we can comment and take notice. I hope our Council Members will
participate. One of them is going to happen in this room on January 19th at
6:00 p.m. It's an opportunity for citizens to come out and speak. If you
know somebody who rides the VTA 88 to school or to the VA hospital or
perhaps back and forth to Stevenson House or other places like that along
these corridors, I hope that you will take a moment to come out and speak
for yourself or for the people you love who need these services in our
community. I hope that you will join us and learn more. I hope we can
work together on this, the way we did in 2009. Maybe we can make some
changes to this presently disappointing plan. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Before we adjourn, if any Council Members have
any brief comments they'd like to make, don't feel like you're obligated.
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Just briefly. Some folks asked last month if it
was necessary in a community like Palo Alto to proactively address the
threat of hate crimes. On December 12th, as we all know, we unanimously
passed a Resolution reaffirming Palo Alto's commitment to a diverse,
supportive, inclusive and protective community. It said, among many other
things, that Palo Alto rejects bigotry in all its forms, specifically among them
was listed anti-Semitism. It also mentioned that Palo Alto does not tolerate
hate crimes. I learned today from the local press and also from our City
Staff that community members have recently found swastikas and anti-
Semitic messages scattered as vandalism across town, on City and private
property. I heard about two such swastikas myself last night from a friend
via social media. It was about 10:30 at night. I was mad, so I drove over
there and cleaned it up. Luckily it was easy to do so. I've been pleased to
see and learn that community members have also taken matters into their
own hands to clean it up when they've been able to, reported it to City Staff.
City Staff has also been cleaning them up. I hate to mention this somber
issue before we go to our celebratory reception, but I do think it is worth
noting. I do think it's important that continuing the positive mood of this
evening and the people in this room that we do work together. If we see
any time of hate or bigotry in Palo Alto, let's continue to reject it, address it
immediately and make sure that it finds no refuge here. I do want to
mention a couple of quick thank yous. Thank you to Palo Alto Police
Department Officer Derek Souza, who came to the site of the vandalism last
                                                                           Page 30 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/03/17
