                         TRANSCRIPT
term. Palo Alto has generally done a very good job over the years balancing
between a purely residential suburb like Saratoga or Woodside versus a
crowded urban city like downtown San Francisco, for example, or some of
the other cities in the Bay area. We've got both family neighborhoods and
the trees and the good suburban schools and the parks and open spaces, but
we've also got this dynamic tech innovation economy of the Research Park
and the Downtown core—Council Member Fine called it the golden goose—
which is as dynamic as anywhere in the country, but still without a lot of the
urban ills. The City Manager mentioned some of that earlier, the actions we
saw this week that you see from a lot of other areas. Like the rest of the
Bay area, we are straining a little now under some of the challenges like
traffic and parking and obviously housing cost. Overall, we've done as well
at that balance as any city in the area, maybe even the country. As
somebody mentioned earlier, a lot of other cities would like to be where we
are. Would everybody in Palo Alto like to have this and also have no traffic,
easy parking everywhere, all the dog parks and playing fields you can
possibly imagine and housing that everybody can afford who wants to live
here? Of course, but it's not going to happen. What I think most people
want is for us to keep this balance. Most people don't want to be Atherton;
they don't want to be the Mission District either. I think they want to stay
on this trend. This is kind of what the Motion we have on the table does
consistent with history. I know there are people in town who value new
housing so much that a lot of the other things are of secondary importance.
This is what most people want. I think most people want us to grow housing
moderately, to throttle back on massive job growth, and yet continue to be
good stewards of the balance we've developed. I think this Motion does
that. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate the desire by the maker and the
seconder of the Motion to pursue a reasonable balance and to try and
decipher what most Palo Altans want. We know what most Palo Altans want.
We've seen it in our polling that was commissioned by the City last year.
We saw it in the results in November. Palo Altans want more housing. I
don't think rapid housing growth indefinitely into the future would be
sustainable necessarily. I do think we have a critical need in the next few
years to really address our jobs/housing imbalance to make up for historical
deficits. This Comprehensive Plan is the opportunity to do that, to right our
wrongs, to clean up our mess, to be a good steward to our region, and enjoy
the benefits to our community of having that kind of balance. Scenario 6 is
the only one that gets us under 2.9 jobs to housing imbalance. Some people
talked about going to 10,000 new housing units for this Comprehensive Plan
last year. I suggested at the time 8,000 and did not get support. We
                                                                           Page 70 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
