                           TRANSCRIPT
Voting For Doug Hagan:           Fine, Tanaka, Wolbach

Voting For Ellen Turbow:         Kniss

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Study Session

6.    Request for a Pre-screening Study Session to Rezone the Vacant
      Property at 4146 El Camino Real (Near Thain Way) From Low Density
      Multiple-Family Residence District (RM-15) to Medium Density
      Multiple-Family Residence District (RM-30).

Mayor Scharff: Do we have any speakers from the public? No speakers
from the public—we have one. Jeffrey Eustis, if you want to come up and
speak, to be followed by Herb Borock. You'll have 3 minutes.

Jeffrey Eustis: Good evening. My name is Jeff Eustis, and I own 539 Thain
Way in the Barron Square condominium complex adjacent to the proposed
project. I have previously submitted written comments which, I understand,
are in the Council's package. I believe that the Council and the community
need additional information early in the process, and that the present
application needs to be supplemented. Specifically, I believe that a visual
impact study with specific reference to Barron Square is necessary. I
understand visual impact studies involve taking photographs from several
specific points, which are called receptor sites, and then drawing the
proposed structures on the photographs. My suggestion is to select receptor
sites directly in front of the Barron Square buildings, closest to the proposed
structures. In addition, the applicant should provide a shadow study to
address potential reduction in direct sunlight to Barron Square units and
common area during all 12 months of the year. I understand that the
developer is proposing a relatively massive project, almost doubling the
number of permitted units and utilizing multiple three-story buildings on a
small 3/4-acre parcel. To fully evaluate the compatibility of the proposal and
its context, I believe further studies are necessary in order for the Council to
make a recommendation.           Thank you for your service and for your
consideration of these comments.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Herb Borock to be followed by Ari Cartun.

Herb Borock: Mayor Scharff and Council Members, this process on this
Study Session item is opposite of previous Study Sessions where the public
speaks last after hearing the presentation from the City Staff and the
Council's questions and comments. The idea of a Study Session is primarily
for the Council's benefit, so the Council can comment on the proposal. By
                                                                         Page 12 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
