                          TRANSCRIPT
consider when we design the final plan in the coming months. I note that
paratransit is something that's very important to a lot of residents of Palo
Alto. The Federal ADA law requires that transit agencies provide paratransit
service to areas within three-quarters of a mile of a fixed transit route while
that route is in operation. VTA's current paratransit policy exceeds that
three-quarter mile minimum, offering service for an additional one mile
beyond the fixed route. However, there is a premium fare for being in that
expanded zone. That is $16 compared to $4 if you are in the three-quarter
mile zone. Under that current policy and based on the changes that we are
proposing, which decrease the size of the transit network, there would be
some residents who would no longer have access to paratransit in their
current location or who would be bumped to an increased price point under
our current policy. Our general manager and our Board of Directors have
made strong statements not wanting to negatively impact any current users,
so they are currently working on an update to our paratransit policy to make
sure that current residents who use paratransit in Santa Clara County are
not negatively affected. In February, that will go to our committees for
consideration and later to our Board of Directors to be adopted alongside the
draft transit network. The proposals that are being considered are either
freezing the transit service area as it exists today or grandfathering in
existing clients. Our committee for transit accessibility, which includes many
paratransit users, will be the starting place for developing these policy
recommendations. Keep an eye on that at VTA. I also want to talk about a
parallel project that we're doing, called Core Connectivity. This is thinking
about how VTA can provide mobility services for parts of the county where a
fixed-route bus simply isn't a good option. Can we contribute to City shuttle
programs or can we provide subsidies or vouchers for on-demand services
like taxis, Uber and Lyft? We're looking into our options. We're talking to
cities to see about what sort of solutions they like. That's something we're
looking to implement probably later this year, once we get a better handle
on how this program comes together. We're also giving our fares a new
look. One of the things that's been pointed out to us is that since our transit
network encourages transfers—our Draft Plan does so even more—it doesn't
make any sense for VTA not to offer free transfers. Why have a fare policy
that discourages transferring if your network design encourages it? We're
looking at how we can implement free transfers in our system but do it in a
way that doesn't take VTA's fare box any lower than it is now. Our Board of
Directors and our fiscal group are looking at free transfers, perhaps changing
our base fare, evaluating youth fare passes—presently our youth fares are
higher than our neighboring agencies—as well as perhaps restructuring our
Eco Pass program. It's designed to be revenue neutral in line with our
average fare taken in across the system, but it's coming in much lower and
is one of the reasons why our fare box is low. We'll be looking at our low-
income passes as well as simplifying our service classes. We would no
                                                                         Page 7 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
