                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just one question. While it may seem frivolous,
it's really not. The roundabouts that are being studied and put in as a
temporary basis in the neighborhoods—are the neighborhoods being
informed that those will be landscaped? It does make a difference in
perception.

Mr. Keene: I'll look into that. I don't know. I don't know that every design
has a potential. Some of these are pretty small. I'll share that with the
Staff.  I clearly understand, and I think we noticed a big change in
neighborhood attitude after this past year getting those three circles we
have in Downtown North and elsewhere done.

Council Member Holman:       Just thought it might break the logjam.       Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Jim, because that roundabout you're discussing is not far
from where I live, how were the comments received or how were they
initiated?

Mr. Keene: My understanding is there was either a written or an email
survey and actual conversations. Beyond that, I don't have the details.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Do you know how wide a radius?

Mr. Keene: I don't. I can get you that information though, give you a little
diagram.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I like it. Just so it's on record.

Mr. Keene: We'll go back and see whether or not that's what you said in
the—no, I'm just kidding.

Oral Communications

Mayor Scharff: We're now onto Oral Communications. Just a minute. Let
me make sure I have the right Packet here. Stephanie Munoz to be followed
by Esther Nigenda.

Stephanie Munoz:         Good evening, Council Members.       Welcome new
members and old ones. I want to tell you all at one of your first meetings
you carry a lot of criticism up here, but understand that underneath it all we
all appreciate very much your time, your effort and your dedication. Thank
                                                                        Page 25 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
