                          TRANSCRIPT
with—I'm not sure what page it is. It's vii on this book. For me, what was
really interesting was to see what the changes were year over year. Some
of them are plus-seven, and some of them are minus-eleven. For me, it was
really interesting to look at the ones that were down big time year over
year. I don't know the long-term trend or whether it goes up and down or
whether these are—I did look at the survey itself. It's a massive survey, 60
pages of stuff. I know that (inaudible) survey exhaustion happens as you
get a massive (inaudible) the response rate drops. The quality of their
answers are also not there. I saw some that I started grouping them
together. For instance, how well Palo Alto government does at being honest
has dropped 7 percent. Overall confidence in Palo Alto government has
dropped 9 percent. How well Palo Alto government does at generally acting
in the best interests of the community dropped 9 percent. There's three
areas that are somewhat related with a pretty big drop. Is this just
statistical noise? Is this something that is common, is acceptable? Any
ideas of why this might be happening?

Ms. Richardson: When I first came here, I had quite a few conversations
with the National Research Center to help me gain an understanding of the
survey itself and how to interpret a lot of the results. What they told me one
year to the next you see changes. If it's 5 percent or more, it typically may
be a true change in residents' perceptions, their opinions of things. It's
really a lot more meaningful to look at changes over time. I think you see
that in the quality of life questions. At the beginning of my presentation,
where I showed those sparklines, you see the year-to-year changes. Let me
go back to that slide here. Right here, you see ups and downs from year to
year all the time. What you really want to be looking for is consistent
trends. For example, if you look at Palo Alto as a place to retire, it was high,
and now you see a drop. Even though it went up a little bit in 2014, it's
dropping again, and it's staying down at that lower level. Overall quality of
life was high, and now you see that downward trend. You really want to be
paying more attention to those trends over time than just one year to the
next. I put that information in here so you can see it, but it's also an
indicator of something to watch, to say is that changing over time or was
that a one-year change.         You look at some of those others, your
neighborhood as a place to live. If you look at 2006, it was down low, and
then it went way up, and it stayed up. You really want to pay attention to
the trends over time.

Council Member Tanaka: I didn't seen sparklines for these questions. I just
didn't know whether it goes up and down all the time or whether it's a
longer-term trend. That's what I was asking you.

Ms. Richardson: It's time consuming and a lot of work.
                                                                          Page 24 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
