                          TRANSCRIPT
create less than new residences. The other thing I saw in here—I'd love to
look at the numbers they used—is they were valuing a new office building
worth less per square foot than a new residence. That's just simply not
true. I know it's not true. I don't know where that data came from, but I
think it's wrong. That skews the whole thing on the property taxes, which is
what drives these numbers. What that does is drives it to look the way it
does and give people the view that this is not really accurate. At the end of
the day, I would say it actually probably doesn't matter that much, and it's
not worth the effort to go through it. With that said, I just wanted to say
that the EIR was well done. I think we're onto a good start. I appreciate all
the Staff effort on this.

Council Member DuBois: I had a quick question.

Mayor Scharff: Quick, really quick.

Council Member DuBois: Are all those comments going to be considered
part of the EIR? We don't need a Motion, right?

Mayor Scharff: No, we don't need any Motions.

Ms. Gitelman: The comments related to the EIR will be in the Final EIR and
responded to there. The comments on the Fiscal Study, we'll respond to
separately.

Mayor Scharff: We may actually get out of here before 1:00 tonight. We're
doing a fairly decent job.

Mr. Keene: You've dealt with Number 4, Number 1, and Number 2. Correct,
Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: That's correct. Now, we're going to basically come back to
Item Number 3, which is identify the preferred scenario for the Final EIR
based on the City Council's January 30, 2017 direction regarding the Land
Use and Community Design Element as it appears. I'm just going to
basically start this out with a Motion so that we can have something to talk
about. I did send it to Staff. I'm going to basically move that we accept the
Staff's description of a preferred scenario for the Final EIR with the following
elements and adjustments:         that estimated housing growth would be
between Scenario 5, which is 3,545 dwelling units, and Scenario 4, 4,420
dwelling units; (b) that we have an estimated nonresidential square footage
similar to Scenario 2, 3 million square feet of which 1.3 million has already
been approved at SUMC; the estimated employment growth (c) would be
between Scenario 2, 9,850 jobs and 11,500 jobs; (d) the transportation
investments would be those listed in the Staff Report subject to additional
                                                                            Page 67 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
