                         TRANSCRIPT
As you heard with the public comments that we've received, have a visual
simulation, a shadow analysis. These are things that typically you do see in
applications that go forward to the ARB, so that would be considered. Some
of the next steps would be tonight receive the comments from the applicant
and the public, Council Member comments. There's no formal action that's
requested. Next steps would be that the applicant would consider comments
and submit plans for ARB review or the Planning Commission to Council
consideration. That considers my presentation. I'd be happy to answer any
questions you may have. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Now, we'll return to Council. I just
want to remind Council colleagues that the purpose of this session is to give
the applicant feedback if you have concerns. The applicant would probably
go out and spend a lot of money on this kind of stuff. If you're not
supportive of the rezoning, I would encourage you to say you're not
supportive of it. If you are supportive of it with conditions or any concerns
that you have, I think it's a good time to give the applicant some sense of
where we are so they don't go down the wrong path, frankly, and spend a
lot of money. I think that's the purpose of these. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:     Can we ask a lot of questions first (inaudible)
comments?

Mayor Scharff: It's comments and questions. We're sort of behind on time.
We have two big items tonight. Ask all the questions you want. Make all
the comments you want. Then, we can just move down.

Council Member DuBois: Generally, I like to hear people's answers to
questions before I make comments.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Excuse me. I'm sorry.

Council Member DuBois: I'll give it a shot though.

Mr. Lait: Excuse me, Council Member. Typically we hear from the applicant.
They give a brief presentation.

Mayor Scharff: I did forget about the applicant. You're right. Why don't
you give a brief presentation. We normally give the applicant 10 minutes.
Is that correct?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Scharff: That's what I thought.

                                                                      Page 17 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
