                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: I continue to rest my case. We're going to move things
exactly like this as things change in our world and our environment.
Certainly one of them, we have seen more gas stations go out of town now.
I have to now drive 2 miles to get to a gas station that used to be half a mile
away. Gas stations have gone south for the most part.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to say again this isn't that it has to stay
a gas station. It just has to stay retail-like. We did add flexibility in the
waiver process. You convinced me on the automotive services, but the
waiver process captures a lot of these other things that are currently retail
or retail-like. It could remain that. A lot of gas stations have convenience
stores. They might as well remain retail in some form.

Mayor Scharff: You seconded it, right Council Member Fine?          No, Council
Member Kniss did. Council Member Fine, you want to talk.

Council Member Fine: I'm going to support this. While gas stations and car
shops and things like we did in "K" are retail serving and serving the
community, they actually have a different location profile in that gas stations
tend to be highly trafficked automotive corners. One of the more recent
trends in many cities is actually flipping those gas stations to housing
projects, which also may be (inaudible) viable. I completely agree with Vice
Mayor Kniss that we're now getting into the weeds. I'm going to fight on
each of these across the rest of the City because I don't think this Ordinance
is ready for the entire City. I think we're moving Section J here that the
Mayor proposed is the right move.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I just remember that the gas station down the
street from my house turned into the SurveyMonkey building a year ago.

Vice Mayor Kniss: It stayed in retail. That's a perfect example.

Mayor Scharff: Do you wish to speak more?

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to vote against the Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: The reason I voted against eliminating "K" is the
same reason I'm going to vote against eliminating "J." There are a lot of
automotive service providers. I know a lot of people that use them, and
they're walkable. They're absolutely walkable. The same concept applies to
                                                                        Page 113 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
