                          TRANSCRIPT
perspective from a resident, but speaking for the Board I would discourage
that engagement at this point.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I'm looking over here at the Packet that the applicant
had submitted in terms of some of the other buildings that are here in
Downtown. I'm looking at this, and I think one of the best examples is 626
Waverley Street, with its massive, tall building. The thing is Waverley is
actually a wider street. You're putting a building of that mass and that size
on a much smaller street. While it fronts University, which is also wider,
there is also Kipling that is much more narrow. I think the diagrams that
we've received show the lanes to be wider, so it takes it off—even these
diagrams up here, you can see that the streets appear to be much wider,
and there's a lot more room. When I drove down Kipling, I agree with JC
Andrade. There were cars coming at me, and I thought I was going to lose
my mirror also. It is not as wide as it looks over here. I do have a great
concern in terms of the mass of this building and how it transitions to the
rest of the street over there. I was actually looking at it from Lytton, looking
down towards University. If this building goes up, it's just this big wall when
you're looking down the street. I really can't see this as a good transition or
harmonious to the neighborhood or even fitting with the Victorian homes
that are on that street. It is a narrow street, and it is a very pretty street. I
love walking down it and looking at the homes. It's a very different building.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just really briefly, I think there's been some
discussion gravitating toward Option 1 being in the direction that we had
discussed some months ago. I just want to comment briefly on Options 2
and 3. Most of the discussion that we're really having, in fact that we had in
the last meeting, was about harmonious transition, scale, and massing, and
context. To me, again these things, as has been pointed out, have an
element of subjectiveness to them. To me, Options 3 and 2, which are
basically four-story buildings, the transitions are obviously pretty sharp. To
me, that one obviously fails. Option 2 fails on Kipling, and Option 3 fails on
University. I'll stop there.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple of things I hope we'll keep in mind
here. Our alleyways are important connectors in our Downtown area. The
City's actually looking to activate a number of alleyways in the very near
future and recognize the importance of our alleyways. Again, if we're going
to make a good environment and a pedestrian-friendly environment, we
                                                                          Page 62 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
