                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: I just didn't believe these were fully vetted through
the CAC or through our Staff or by this Council to be yet included, which is
why I did accept the Amendment from Council Member Filseth. I think it's
helpful that we can direct Staff to look at these, run with them, see if they
need to be improved, and then come back to us in the annual performance
review. If we like, at that point we should look at an Ordinance across the
City that would affect them. I don't think they are ready to be in the Comp
Plan as currently specified in those tables you're looking at there.

Council Member Holman: As I understood it, the community indicators—I'm
a little less familiar with how the development requirements were vetted—
were vetted quite a lot by the CAC.

Ms. Gitelman: There was a lot of discussion at a subcommittee of the full
CAC, and then it came back to the CAC a couple of times.

Council Member Holman: I'm going to propose a Substitute Motion here,
which would be Option 1 and change the last part of it, "but develop details
through"—let me ask a question of Staff. What is a later program? Usually
things are through the Zoning Ordinance or Zoning Code. Is that what
you're intending here by "a later program"? I don't know what you mean by
that.

Ms. Gitelman: What we're saying is we would include a program in the
Comprehensive Plan Update that called for a Zoning Ordinance to effect
these requirements.

Council Member Holman: A later Comp Plan program. Can we clarify that?
Details through a later Comp Plan program. Option 1, which would actually
reference Tables L-1 and L-2, and Staff would return making any
comments—you're going back to the CAC with this too or just coming back
to Council? Coming back with any comments you have on adding those two.
One comment on the community indicators. VMT is referenced actually
throughout the Comprehensive Plan, but specifically this Motion wherever
VMT is referenced LOS should accompany it. If I have a second to that, then
I will speak to the …

Mayor Scharff: Do we have a second?

Council Member Kou: Second.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Kou to direct Staff to include in the final draft of the
Comprehensive Plan Update: to articulate the purposes and topics for
development requirements in the Comprehensive Plan, but develop details
                                                                      Page 78 of 108
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/30/17
