                         TRANSCRIPT
      to-Exceed $987,630 to Implement Elements of the Foothills Fire Plan
      (an Interdepartmental Initiative of Fire, Community Services, and
      Public Works) and Extend the Term two Years to June 30, 2020.

12.   Resolution 9668 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving the 2017 City of Palo Alto Utilities Legislative Policy
      Guidelines.”

13.   Approval of an Amendment of an Existing Funding Agreement With the
      Palo Alto Transportation Management Association (PATMA) and Silicon
      Valley Community Foundation Extending the Term of the Agreement
      for two Years (to December, 31 2018) and Providing $100,000 per
      Year.

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

14.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Chapter 18 of
      the Palo Alto Municipal Code Making Permanent Interim Urgency
      Ordinance 5330 (Limiting the Conversion of Ground Floor Retail and
      Retail Like Uses), With Some Modifications; Extending the Ground
      Floor Combining District to Certain Properties Located Downtown;
      Modifying the Definition of Retail; Adding Regulations to Improve
      Pedestrian Oriented Design Standards in the Downtown; and Related
      Changes. The Proposed Ordinance is Exempt From the California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) per Section 15308. The Planning
      and Transportation Commission Recommended Approval of the
      Proposed Ordinance.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're at Item Number 14, which is a public hearing.
Adoption of an Ordinance amending Chapter 18 of the Palo Alto Municipal
Code making permanent Interim Urgency Ordinance 5330, limiting the
conversion of ground-floor retail and retail-like uses with some
modifications; extending the ground-floor combining district to certain
properties located Downtown; modifying the definition of retail; adding
regulations to improve pedestrian-oriented design standards in the
Downtown and related changes. Do we have a presentation?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Mayor Scharff?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.


                                                                       Page 41 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
