                         TRANSCRIPT
Listen up, Molly. Look at me. Eye-to-eye here, if you can do that. I doubt,
Molly, you can do that. I have asked for the criminal case file, and it has
been denied time and time again. It's horrible to be locked up in a virtual,
psychological prison. I want to be released. I want to go back to Nicaragua
and enjoy my retirement life. I want to be able to spin the globe, put my
finger on the globe, jump on a jet, and go there with a free conscience.
That woman sitting right over there, that Molly Stump, she is a despicable
woman, a despicable woman. Let me read this letter into the record. Let
me say first, Zach, you have done one remarkable job in my case without
bias. That says a lot about you as a person. It demonstrates police best
practices all around. There's an incredible Supreme Court decision, Gideon
versus Wainwright. This guy had an eighth grade education, and yet he
went up to the United States Supreme Court. He petitioned the United
States Supreme Court under a habeas corpus. Guess what? That man had
an eighth grade education. Incredible court case and I would encourage
everyone to read that. I'm not an attorney, but I have argued two cases
before the California Supreme Court. The last one involved Molly Stump's
Colleague, Gary Baum, that called my employers on three different
occasions and had me terminated.          Now, the thing is I didn't suffer
financially, because I have a ton of cash in the bank.

Mayor Scharff: If we could wrap it up.

Mr. Petersen-Perez: No, I'm not going to wrap it up, because this is
probably going to be the last time I'm coming before City Council. There is a
police officer. You want to get him and jerk me off the podium? Is that
what you want to do? Tell me. Tell that cop back there to pull me off. Have
him tase me goddamn it. I want to be set free, sir. I don't want to be
classified as a rapist and a child molester and be reported—having been
reported to the Department of Justice. Later on, it was determined that that
was totally unfounded. I have been released on that level. The child
molestation case was found unfounded. That calls into question, Molly
Stump, the other rape charge. I'm going to be coming after my criminal
case file if I have to petition all the way up to the Supreme Court of the
United States. I want my records. You got that? Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Becky Sanders to be followed by Sachi Hwangbo.

Becky Sanders: Good evening. I'm Becky Sanders, moderator of the
Ventura Neighborhood Association. At our monthly meeting yesterday, we
were honored to have Adrian Fine come and be our special guest. It was
great to have a conversation with Adrian. It was wonderful. Thank you.
We're looking forward to having Council Member Tanaka come in March. We
haven't got it all ironed out, but thank you, Greg. We had Lydia in

                                                                       Page 15 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/6/17
