                          TRANSCRIPT
elevation from the Kipling side. As you see, the fourth floor is minimally
visible. This is a sustainability slide which explains what we tried to achieve,
basically honest building materials with exposed structure.            This is a
pedestrian-oriented design. What we tried to achieve is zero front and side
line setbacks, building of varied architectural styles which is the eclectic style
of Palo Alto Downtown, attractive street-facing window displays, and
porticoes which demarcate the building entries. As per Municipal Code, we
tried to use the overhangs which protect the openings of the buildings. This
is a view of the alley and Kipling. As you see, we tried to minimize the
massing on the corner of the Kipling and the alley. We have totally
eliminated the mass which was earlier approved and proposed by earlier
revisions. Done?

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Ms. Shah: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Now we'll return to the public.        Our first speaker is Beth
Bunnenberg, to be followed by Ray Hing.

Beth Bunnenberg:        Hello, members of the City Council.           I'm Beth
Bunnenberg, 2351 Ramona Street in Palo Alto. I'm speaking tonight as an
individual to review with you a little bit of the history of 429 University.
News reports from September of 2015, in those I was quoted as saying that
the new plans for this building changed the whole landscape of that section
of University Avenue. It went on to say that there were several nearby
buildings designed by Birge Clark, who really has been the, in some ways,
architect of Palo Alto. They all have decorative fronts, often tile. Now, right
across Kipling from this proposed building was the Swain Music Company
building, but it probably is better known as the first Apple store. Who can
forget the Apple store with Post-Its? When Steve Jobs died, all those
windows were filled with comments. This is an important building in town.
Across University Avenue, there's several small Birge Clark buildings that are
fairly close to the Varsity Theatre. They also have some tile front. Some of
them might be one building, but it appears to have two fronts. The HRB
comments included the fact that the mass and scale of the building would be
a very negative impact. The HRB voted in early September that the building
plans were not compatible. I ask you to look at these new plans and keep in
mind the concepts that the HRB was working for. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Ray Hing to be followed by Amy Sung.

Yungluy (Ray) Hing: The Honorable Mayor, Council Members, this is my first
time to participate in the City of Palo Alto Council meeting. Officially, my
name is Ray Hing. My official name is Yungluy Hing. Officially I become a
                                                                           Page 38 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/6/17
