                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Who seconded it, by the way?

Council Member DuBois: This is increasing setbacks kind of in line with the
Grand Boulevard initiative along El Camino.

Mayor Scharff: Who seconded it? I missed that. I saw hands over there.
Council Member Holman?

Council Member Holman: (Inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: You both did.

Council Member DuBois: I'd also say we have a Council memo on this from
a couple of years ago that we still haven't acted on.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Can I make a quick comment?

Mayor Scharff: No. You can ask for more discussion. That doesn't pass.

MOTION FAILED: 4-1-4 Fine no, Filseth, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach abstain

Council Member DuBois: (Inaudible) go to discussion?

Mayor Scharff: We go to discussion because we have—yeah, we go to
discussion. I'm going to take the no as a discussion when it doesn't pass.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm glad to speak to it.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I remember this one very well. This, as I recall, did go to
Planning. Am I right, Greg Tanaka? This one not only went to Planning, but
my recollection is Planning didn't support it. Here is what I recall. Hillary,
correct me if I'm wrong. Because the El Camino owners, the owners of the
lots there, where the lots are frequently shallow and small, said they felt
that that would be a negative for them as far as utilization of the land. I'm
going to use the word "taking" very hesitantly. In some ways it could be
considered a taking. That is my recollection from the last time we had this
conversation. Not that it wouldn't look much better wider and so forth, but I
recall that we included the owners and those who were involved in El Camino
retail extensively.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.         I thought your light was on.
Maybe I just didn't put it on (crosstalk).



                                                                       Page 90 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
