                         TRANSCRIPT
uses coming in. Separating out a certain development proposal for these
nonconforming uses seems problematic for us. However, one of the things—
I think we mentioned this in the Staff Report. We would come back to the
City Council with possibly amendments to the Municipal Code that would
give the City the authority to then—let me back up one step. If this
Ordinance goes forward and is approved with respect to this aspect that
we're talking about, City Staff would do courtesy outreach and inform
property owners and tenants of this change and our interest in having them
voluntarily comply with the new regulations. We would focus our efforts on
the tenants that are, I would say, grossly negligent in complying with that.
Should King's Shoes, for example, be noncompliant, that's not where we're
going to focus our effort because they have a substantial amount of glazing
available. If you go to Forest and there are some areas there that have
obscure windows, we're going to focus on the obscurity of those windows
regardless of the use to establish that standard.

Mayor Scharff: How about the Wells Fargo building, which is probably the
most obscured use on …

Mr. Lait: Wells Fargo would be one where …

Mayor Scharff: The windows are black.

Mr. Lait: Depending on how we draft that regulation, we could go after
Wells Fargo, but I want to take another look at the Ordinance.

Mayor Scharff: I'm just going to start at the beginning of the Ordinance and
go. If I was looking at the Ordinance, on Packet Page 429, "H," fitness or
exercise studios. We've had a little bit of comment about 15. I understand
where Staff was going with this. Traditionally, you've been looking at this
and saying smaller uses. As retail has changed, I can say that one of the
most vibrant retail uses on California Avenue is the yoga studio. That brings
more traffic and activates that street more than a lot of uses. I see so many
people who arrive to go there as a destination and then go have coffee, go
do other things. Those classes are not 15 or below. I also think Yoga
Source, where I happen to go, classes are not 15. They're quite above 15
for a lot of those classes. I think that's a good thing. As Council Member
Wolbach says, that activates things. Is there any reason we couldn't just
say fitness and exercise studios or similar uses and leave it at that?

Mr. Lait: Council certainly could. You would be carving out these types of
establishments from the commercial recreation definition. I just think you
might want to have some kind of threshold so that we know which one is
going to require a CUP.

                                                                      Page 76 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
