                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: A quick question. On "B," did you just intend for
that to be what Staff recommended?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: There's no change there.

Mayor Scharff: That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, I'll say it again. I want to thank the
makers of the Motion. This was a compromise. It's a balance. I do
appreciate it. If we're going to work well the rest of the year, I hope we can
do this more often. I do want to come back to the school thing real quick.
There were some comments made. We did get three letters today, and we
got a lot of emails today. There was one from Todd Collins. There were
actually two from the School District. Liz, just so you know.

Vice Mayor Kniss:     I did finally get Todd's, but I still don't have the other
one.

Council Member DuBois: There was one from the School District to Stanford
saying that they needed land for one more school for the Stanford GUP.
There was a letter from the Superintendent asking for more time to weigh in
on the EIR itself. We had talked in City/School. For some reason, there is a
disconnect there. I do hope before the end of the month that we can
connect with the right people at the School District. I just want to make
sure that's clear. I'm going to ask for a friendly Amendment. If it's not
friendly, we can take it up in May. There were scenarios that included the
County Expressway Plan. The reason I bring that up is this compromise
scenario is a fair amount of growth. I'm concerned that the Transportation
Element—I would like Staff to be able to analyze that when they come back
in May.

Mayor Scharff: I completely support that. I sit on the Expressway 2040
Committee. Do we need to put that in the Motion or are you analyzing it
anyway?

Ms. Gitelman: It's in some of the scenarios. Just to clarify, in Part D about
transportation investment, we just listed things that we were going to fund
in our jurisdiction.   We are assuming the transportation expressway
elements that are funded in Measure B would go forward, including the new
lane on Page Mill Road with High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) provisions.

Mayor Scharff: You should do it with HOV or non-HOV provisions, because
that's not decided.
                                                                             Page 86 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
