                          TRANSCRIPT
Public Hearing opened at 7:29 P.M.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Scharff. I had sent you a letter earlier this
afternoon. Those of you who haven't had a chance to see it yet, it's in the
compilation, which has this list of 37 names on the front. It's a little bit past
the halfway mark. It describes the relationship of programs to the other
items in the Comprehensive Plan, goals, objectives, and policy. Council
Member Wolbach was helpful in indicating that he now wants to have the
programs in the body of the text of each element. What I have provided you
in the letter is background with the definition of various terms, such as goal,
objective, policy, and program, from the California Planning Roundtable's
glossary of planning terms, whose primary author was our first Director of
Planning and Community Environment, Natalie Knox. As you know, we have
a Housing Element that's been approved by the State with a certain number
of units already through 2023. That's organized in the same way. I don't
believe it's appropriate for the Plan to have vision statements. This is not
about something that we think may never happen, but rather about
development through a specific period of time. In regards to the housing
allocation set by the State and by ABAG, we'll essentially have a check-in
point somewhere in the middle of the current Comprehensive Plan, in 2023.
Perhaps the EIR can be looking at how that time point can be used in
determining decisions to go forward rather than having a firm number of
units past that date. I'll give it to the Clerk to hand you copies of an excerpt
from that letter on the definitions.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Hamilton Hitchings to be followed by Bob Moss.

Hamilton Hitchings: The following are my personal comments. Many people
have expressed the desire to focus on housing rather than office. Housing is
the primary limiting factor for regional job growth. New office development
removes sites and square footage that could be used for housing. San Jose
continues to remain a better-suited place for job growth because of its
superior transportation infrastructure and location to support it in a way that
Palo Alto will never be able to match. Every time you allow more office
growth, such as by removing the limit on office growth Downtown or
watering down an office cap with multiyear rollovers, you're reducing the
rate and amount of housing that will be built in Palo Alto. The EIR makes
optimistic assumptions about transportation infrastructure, such as a 45
percent reduction in peak car trips Downtown via a TDM. Let's not base
growth plans on best case scenario assumptions to support a 21 percent
population growth in 15 years. The programs in the Transportation Element
do take a step towards that. I'm encouraged to hear that we might put
them back. I would be very appreciative if we do. I was particularly
concerned about the Safety Element. In the Safety Element, safety is
                                                                             Page 27 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
