                         TRANSCRIPT
last week in such rapid-fire manner, without consensus of the body to
proceed thusly, and about things not previously vetted by Staff, CAC, public
or Council such as 3.0 FAR for hotels.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no further lights, we're adjourned.

Council Member Holman: Wait, wait, wait. Is no one going to comment on
that? I thought …

Mayor Scharff: This is not a discussion (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: No, but this acts as a Colleagues' Memo if
someone else wants to comment.

Council Member DuBois: I would second that. Were you making a Motion?

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry?

Council Member DuBois: Were you making a Motion?

Council Member Holman: Yes. I'm putting this forward as a Colleagues'
Memo. It's how we do it. It's what our procedures are. If someone puts
something forward at the end of a meeting and somebody else supports it, it
acts as a Colleagues' Memo.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Council Members, there have been very few
number of cases in the past number of years where Colleagues' Memos have
been made orally. As you know, in your procedures, they do call for a
written Colleagues' Memo process that gets distributed to Staff and has Staff
input, and then is placed on the Council's Agenda. I would maybe just note
also that perhaps this is really a timing question because the Staff was
intending to bring back this item anyway based on the preliminary direction
that Staff received from Council on Monday. I don't know that it's clear to
us …

Council Member Holman: This goes a little bit—not to interrupt you. I'm
sorry. This goes a little further than that. What I understand Staff's going
to bring back to Council is talking about what the action that was taken
means. What I’m asking for here is that the Staff bring back to the Council
at the earliest opportunity the consideration of taking the programs out of
the body of the Comprehensive Plan …

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman …

Council Member Holman: … because we don't know what that means.

                                                                       Page 77 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/6/17
