                          TRANSCRIPT
center turn-lane. Because there's only one lane going north on the bridge,
it's already one lane going north. It's not like we're somehow smashing it
down. In case you aren't aware, traffic on Middlefield is generally bimodal.
It goes slow during rush hours and unsafe speeding during nonpeak hours.
During nonpeak hours, northbound drivers often race to see who can be first
where the two lanes merge into one, right where our house is. Sometimes
it's a Maserati versus a Porsche, sometimes it's two old clunkers, but it's a
problem. Nearly every day I walk our dog around the block, not crossing
any streets, just on Middlefield, going around. Every time we approach
Everett and Middlefield, I look carefully at the traffic coming from all
directions. Will a car speeding south on Middlefield turn left and crash into a
northbound car and end on the sidewalk? Will the driver of a car heading
north have a driver who veers into the sidewalk to avoid a car who's out of
the lane? Will the driver be texting and crash on the sidewalk? That
happened two years ago. Fortunately, he ran into a large street tree, which
prevented him from coming fully onto the sidewalk. Also about a year ago
in another accident at Everett and Middlefield, someone ran into the light
pole so hard it nearly knocked it over and had to be replaced at the City's
expense. When it was replaced, it was moved further north on Middlefield
so it would be less likely to be hit again. I assume you've seen photos of the
other accidents where cars have ended up actually on lawns. It's a little
frightening, and I'm kind of tired of it. I don't think it's too much to ask to
feel safe just actually being on the sidewalk, much less trying to cross
Middlefield. I really appreciate the work that Josh and Rafael have done
with the open engagement. The models were great. Thank you very much.
Please support 7A.

Tim Lindholm: Hi. I'm Tim Lindholm from Middlefield. I've lived on
Middlefield North for 8 1/2 years now, 26 years on Middlefield Downtown
overall. I've been working with the neighbors and the City on this project
for about three years. As a residential arterial, we expect that Middlefield is
going to have challenges with traffic.        University Avenue is another
residential arterial that handles a comparable amount of traffic, but it
performs very differently from Middlefield. Whereas, Middlefield has traffic
from curb to curb, University has one lane in each direction, dedicated turn
areas and wide shoulders that provide driveway access and cross-traffic
visibility. Commuters share with residents more equitably. Yes, University
does have problems, but if you spend any time standing on these streets
and watching what happens, you'd certainly prefer to live along University.
Yet again, it's a comparable road with comparable traffic. Mitigation to
traffic problems are often counterintuitive. A (inaudible) configuration along
Middlefield that includes lane reductions might seem like it would reduce
traffic through-put, but that's not necessarily so given the traffic north is
constrained by the single lane across the San Francisquito Bridge, as Beth
                                                                        Page 55 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
