                          TRANSCRIPT
and the Bay area for the past year. I'd like to speak strongly in favor of
Scenario 6. If anything, I would go further in increasing the number of
housing units in the Palo Alto area. As has been said before, Mountain View
is adding about 10,000 housing units in North Bayshore. I certainly think it's
feasible for Palo Alto to add 6,000 units, especially given the height limit and
the opportunities, including in the Stanford Shopping Center. This year, me
and my fellow seniors are going on our first job hunts. What I hear from a
lot of people is that they would love to be able to join local Bay area
communities and become part of those communities and support them, but
they simply cannot afford to stay in the Bay area. The only exceptions being
people who are going to be making extremely high salaries just out of
undergrad, salaries that are way up on the tail of salaries in the United
States, and that a vast majority of people do not have. Because housing
prices are after all at the end of the day just a function of housing supply
and housing demand, the cumulative effect of the Bay area's housing
restrictions has been the kinds of prices that we've seen in Palo Alto and
across the South Bay in particular, which also has the effect of
disproportionately locking out Black and Latino citizens who elect to
contribute to these communities as well. I do think it's very important that
Palo Alto and other South Bay communities do their part to make these
places more accessible and affordable. I urge Palo Alto to adopt Scenario 6.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. If we could have Stephen Levy, to be followed
by Penny Ellson.

Stephen Levy: I'd like first to respond to Liz's question about how could we
build so many more units than we did in the past. Both Tiffany Griego and
Hillary laid that out. We have so many different areas and policies now, the
Research Park, the Medical Center, El Camino, your action on accessory
dwelling units, and the idea of converting not in the Research Park but in
Downtown and Cal. Ave. some commercial FAR to housing and mixed use.
We can do a whole lot better. Can we do 6,000? I don't know. Some
number between 4,500 and 6,000 certainly seems possible if we want to do
it. Jim, after hearing that school discussion, I went on my iPad. When you
sit down with them, they need to know that DOF is projecting that this
County will add 300,000 people between 2015 and 2030 and have 100,000
fewer students. I think the idea is they only looked at the added units; they
didn't look at the reduced number of children that would be in the existing
units from aging and falling birth rates. I just tell you that that finding is
way different then what is projected for this County. On the Comp Plan, I
hope, Cory, when you make the Motion you add some of the things that
we've heard, that the programs go under the policies, that Staff be
encouraged not to dismantle but to consolidate a whole bunch of programs
                                                                            Page 34 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
