                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Would you like to speak to your Motion? Don't feel like you
have to.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Actually I've got a good strong second, so I'm not going
to speak to it. I think it just speaks for itself.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I did.

Mayor Scharff:   I see no lights.   Can we vote on the board?     That passes
unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Scharff: Anyone have any Council Comments they would like to
share? Seeing none, we will go back to the …

Vice Mayor Kniss: Why don't add I something? If you remember last year, I
was President of the Peninsula Division of the League of California Cities.
Among other aspects of what they do, there are a number of Committees
which meet. If any of you are interested in joining those Committees, they
will be meeting, I think—Beth, am I correct—on the 17th and 18th of this
month. That would be Thursday and Friday, of January.

Ms. Minor, City Clerk: That's correct. In Sacramento.

Vice Mayor Kniss: They will be held in Sacramento. They're at the same
time of the Mayors and the new Council Members meetings. If any of you
are going to those, you might be interested in finding out about the
Committees. They include employee relations, taxation and revenue. I've
forgotten some of them. Molly, you might remember some. Public safety
which Cory's on. I'm on tax and revenue. Are any of you on any of the
Committees? If you're interested in getting involved at the State level, it's
really a very good way to do it. It's interesting to be on the Committees. As
I said, I'm on tax and revenue. Mayor Kirsten Keith is going to chair that
Committee this year. One other date. The Peninsula Division will have their
first dinner meeting in Mountain View at Don Giovanni's on February 2nd.
You'll be delighted to know it's going to deal with social justice, inclusivity

                                                                         Page 58 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
