                          TRANSCRIPT
shopping. Programs to get there would be to allow increased residential
densities and mixed-use developments where you have adequate urban
services. It goes on to say in the next program there, as part of planning of
the future of El Camino, explore the identification of pedestrian nodes
consistent with the South El Camino Real Guidelines. It's right there. That's
why we thought this made a lot of sense. We do have transit that provides
bus service. VTA Bus 22, 176 trips per day; VTA 88 does 24 trips per day;
VTA 522, 127 trips per day. The Stanford shopping express, Marguerite,
does 8 trips per day. A lot of those are almost 24 hours a day. This is just a
diagram of Bus 22. Our site is there. It provides access to the Palo Alto,
obviously, Caltrain station. There's connections to the San Antonio train
station, and the route ends up at East Ridge Shopping Center down in the
far right-hand corner, after passing through the San Jose train station in
downtown San Jose. Bus 522 does essentially the same thing, so I won't go
through that. These are the bus stops right in our block, essentially, for this
project. The site is there. You can see the bus stops located there. As a
previous speaker pointed out, from our site a car ride to San Antonio station
is 6 minutes; a bike ride's 8 minutes; a bus ride is 11 minutes. If you walk,
he said 25. I googled it at 30. The program here is a zone change from RM-
15 to RM-30, develop 21, multifamily, one and two-bedroom residential
units instead of 11. We'd have 7 one bedrooms—it may change slightly—at
618 square feet and 14 two bedrooms at 1,100 square feet. We want to
provide three BMR units instead of just the one and provide outdoor
common space. We're going to park it in accordance to the Ordinance. I
understand the comments that were made tonight, and they were good
ones. It's hard for me to read this now up here. The zone change from RM-
15 to RM-30. Really the big issues are—the only real differences are height.
We have an increase of 5 feet in height. Essentially, we have an increase in
the floor area that's allowed, from 16,770 to just over 20,000, 3,300 square
feet more. However, it allows us to move from 11 units to 23. What that
means is instead of having 11 units at an average size of 1,525 square feet
per unit, we would have potentially 21 units at 875 square feet as an
average. That average unit size comes down. These are RM-15 sites.
You're going to build the floor area. They're big units. One way to make
those units smaller is to increase the density and just slightly bump the floor
area. Here's our proposal that we showed the ARB. We're going to go back
and work on it. We understand that there were comments made. We like
this idea of trying to pick up the rhythm of El Camino. We want to push it
away from the Barron Square neighborhood. We want to create outdoor
space at the back for solar access. We want to reinforce that El Camino Real
edge consistent with the Grand Boulevard Plan and create actual yards on
that side too. The main entrance is there. We'll look into the width of that
driveway. Entrance from the garage there. From the street, the main
entrance would come in between the buildings to the elevator core and then
                                                                        Page 19 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
