                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: She actually (inaudible).

Council Member Filseth: She got it?

Vice Mayor Kniss: Yes, I think she wrote it down. Thank goodness.

Council Member Wolbach: (Inaudible).

Council Member Filseth: I'm okay with just "tips."

Council Member Wolbach: Give me just one second to read this and
consider it. I think I will accept this as friendly and hope that the seconder
will as well.

Vice Mayor Kniss: If I might jump in, Cory. I think rather than "equitably
distribute tips," you need to be a little clearer on who the tips are for.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. Can we actually change this to "among
employees," "to more equitably distribute tips among employees"? I would
accept this as a friendly Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: I'll accept it as well. Thanks for the compromise.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Motion Part A with, “replace Active
Advocacy Item A with, ‘at the State level, allow cities to pursue policies to
deviate from minimum wage requirements in order to more equitably
distribute tips among employees.’”

Vice Mayor Kniss: I think that gets what you wanted, right?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. That's much better.

Vice Mayor Kniss: In that case I would—if I might Mr. Mayor, I'll retract my
request to have this divided.

Mayor Scharff: Got it. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: (Inaudible) have a second here. I want to read
where we are here. Is the goal here to more equitably distribute tips among
employees? It sort of goes to what you were saying to begin with, Council
Member Filseth. Are we putting this in a bucket that we aren't really
intending? We still would be required to pay even the tipped employees the
minimum wage if this is what passes. I thought what we were looking for

                                                                        Page 40 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
