                          TRANSCRIPT
whether it's actually a mitigation, if it rose to that level, or just policy
choices to try to design housing options that actually suppress, if that's what
we want to achieve, the impact on schools as far as school-age children.
We've talked about micro housing or other sorts of units that could support a
different demographic. I'm not saying you would automatically do that, but
this idea that there is not going to be policy direction on the type of housing
that we're going to build with the concern for the impacts is something that's
certainly—whether it's 3,000 units or 4,000 or 2,000 or 6,000, I'm sure the
Council will be discussing what the nature of that housing should be.

Council Member Kou: What type of housing. I guess in a way we're not in
the position to build housing.        These are private property owners or
landowners that are going to come in with their proposals. At the end of the
day, we have to look at worst case scenario. When you're discussing with
the Stanford folks as well as with the school folks, I'd love to also have you
bring in the teacher housing. It's not just students; it's also the teacher. I
hope that we can learn from the Stanford Medical—the hospital situation
where there's no housing provided for their nursing staff. Please take that
into consideration as well. In terms of hydrology, on paper we have plenty
of water. Palo Alto has a large allocation from Hetch Hetchy. When we're in
a drought, Palo Alto is told to cut back as well. The water allocation is based
on every year being a wet year. We have seen in a drought that we have
mandatory cutbacks. All this water supposedly that we have on paper is just
a paper commitment. Actual allocations will leave us at the mercy of San
Francisco and the State.        Consequently, water for new residents and
companies would come from cutbacks to current residents and companies.
We have to achieve much in terms of conservation of water. I'm concerned
about whether the additional measures would generate enough savings to
accommodate the proposed levels of growth. I hope the EIR can take this
into consideration as well. With regards to transportation, there is some
optimism in terms of funding for Caltrain electrification. My colleagues came
back from Washington, D.C., and said that they had some good talks with
some of the Senators and so forth over there, the bigwigs. Has the EIR
taken into consideration the worst case scenario, which means we're not
getting the funding for the next 4-8 years? You know why. Also, I would
love to see discussion with the Stanford folks for a comprehensive
pedestrian/bicycle pathway that is east to west or west to east, basically
from the campus to the ballpark trails. That's another thing to discuss.
Also, what the impacts and the studies of the ADUs and the JADUs that
Council Member Holman had brought up earlier, I would really like to see
that analyzed as well. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Vice Mayor Kniss.

                                                                            Page 55 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
