                         TRANSCRIPT
percent down to 52 percent. Moving onto the community engagement facet.
This involves a lot about how residents actually engage with different
aspects of their community. Volunteerism is one big aspect of that. The
National Citizens Survey respondents indicated that about 45 percent of
them volunteered their time at least once during the past year. That
remained steady since 2011. When we look at the Performance Report and
the number of volunteer hours that are reported, it actually declined. I've
got hours in here for Community Services and Library; total combined was
about a 37 percent decline. You can see the numbers there, where they all
were within about that same percentage from the different places where
residents typically volunteer time with the City. There's also some questions
in there with how residents actually engage with the City. To the extent that
they contact the City to ask for help or information, that has actually
increased quite a bit, about 9 percentage points, from 43 percent to 52
percent. The number of people who said they'd attended a local public
meeting or actually watched a public meeting online or on TV have both
declined, 6 percent for actually attending and 13 percentage points, down to
14 percent. This pertains to engagement within the last 12 months, at least
once within the last 12 months. Both of those are declining. The Citizens
Survey asked residents about the opportunities to engage in community
engagement activities. Those responses were pretty mixed. They said the
opportunities to volunteer had declined. When I look at the Performance
Report, I see the same opportunities from year to year, so I'm not sure what
leads them to think that they actually have declined. The number of cultural
arts, music activities have increased from 73 percent to 77 percent. They
say that the opportunities to participate in social events and activities or
community matters have both declined. Those were slight declines, not
significant. Moving onto the economy. I mentioned earlier about capital
expenditures. When we talk about operating expenditures, the Enterprise
Fund operating expenditures increased 11 percent, while General Fund
operating expenditures increased 33 percent. You can see here where some
of these changes occurred. Regular FTES, full-time equivalent staffing,
increased 2 percent. Our temporary staffing increased 32 percent. A lot of
the increase was really due to salaries and overtime and the benefit. You
can see the breakdown there of what that General Fund increase—how it
came about. Salaries was an 8 percent increase, overtime 34 percent
increase, and benefits. A large part of that is the Pension Fund increase, the
benefits from pensions and healthcare. That's a 19 percent increase. Also
related to the economy, the Citizens Survey asked a few questions related to
opportunities for shopping in Palo Alto, which is a good indicator of how the
economy is doing. That has increased 9 percentage points since 2011, from
71 percent to 80 percent. They also showed an increase in employment
opportunities, which I think part of that is we were coming out of the
recession in 2011. The opportunities were fairly low at 56 percent, and
                                                                        Page 13 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
