                          TRANSCRIPT
California Avenue. We're treating the two districts differently, which may or
may not be okay. I'd just like something to come back from Staff.

Council Member Filseth: Staff comment on that?

Mr. Lait:    It's probably just because it's getting late.      I'm not fully
understanding what the specific direction is on that. We are changing the
GF areas as it relates to design standards and permitted uses on University.
With respect to the R combining district, we're making changes only, I
believe, as it relates to the design standards. You'll recall that we have
made some other changes to the California Avenue area since the interim
Ordinance was established with the chain stores and moving some of the
personal service uses off of California onto the side, supporting streets. We
weren't proposing any use changes on California Avenue, only design
changes in that district.

Council Member Holman: What I was asking was when Staff brings this
back, if you'd just take another look at that and see if there are any things
that maybe on a second look might be preferable.

Mr. Lait: I could answer that for you now. It would probably stay the same
as it is now because, as it's drafted, it reflects what we believe was the
Council's intent and direction. Since we're coming back for the second
reading and it's not going to be a public hearing, if there's a specific change
that you're interested in, we would need that specific direction to effect that
change.

Council Member Holman: You captured the Council's direction. Are there
things that Staff would recommend, though, that the Council didn't cover?

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, do you have a Motion?

Council Member Filseth: I think I'm not going to accept that.

Council Member Holman: Actually I wasn't asking it as an Amendment. I
was just asking Staff if they would do that.

Mayor Scharff: We can't really give direction to Staff if it's not in the Motion.
Is there more? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Before we wrap this up, I just want to make sure
a couple of things are addressed. I wanted clarification about—just to make
sure I'm really clear on the map. In the map that we're proposing, I heard
Council Member DuBois say—I'm sorry if I missed it in the Staff presentation


                                                                         Page 93 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
