                          TRANSCRIPT
alternative. Just briefly, the purpose of the EIR is to analyze potential
impacts under the Comprehensive Plan that will be [video malfunction]
scenario in the Final EIR. We will be explaining in that document how the
Comp Plan that's adopted by the Council falls within the range of all of the
scenarios presented. It's important to understand that the EIR and the
preferred scenario are descriptive of the Comprehensive Plan Update and its
impacts; they're not determinative. In other words, what you put in the
Final EIR isn't an action that's an approval action. You actually will be taking
a separate action to approve the Comprehensive Plan Update. That will be
the determinant of what's in the Comp Plan for the next generation here in
Palo Alto. The six planning scenarios that have been analyzed, the first four
in the Draft EIR and the last two in the supplement to the Draft EIR, range in
intensity—I'm just going to skip to that slide that shows all six of them
together. You'll see Scenario 1 is intended to represent business as usual;
that's what we project will happen in terms of growth here in Palo Alto if
nothing is changed about the current Comp Plan, and we just continue on
the road we've been on. All of the various Scenarios, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, test
different ideas about slowing growth, adding housing, slowing job growth,
focusing on sustainability and performance metrics, and things like that. We
can come back to this slide later if you need a refresher on the assumptions
and the characteristics of these scenarios. The supplement to the Draft EIR
that we wanted to hear comments on this evening focuses on the last two
Scenarios, 5 and 6, that were added by the Council. We've also updated
some of the information in the Draft EIR from February 2016. We are right
now in a public review period where we're accepting comments on both of
the documents, the original Draft EIR from February 2016 and the
supplement to the Draft that we published this February. Comments are
due to the City by the close of business on March 31st. Of course, this
evening's public hearing would be a good time for people to comment. We
also have a hearing scheduled at the Planning and Transportation
Commission next Wednesday, the 29th. Just at a high level, the supplement
to the Draft EIR concludes that Scenarios 5 and 6 would not result in any
new significant impacts that weren't already identified in association with
Scenarios 1-4. Many mitigation measures would be required with any of the
scenarios. We've worked on the wording of some of those mitigation
measures to provide the Council with a little more flexibility when you're
adopting the Comp Plan policy language itself but maintaining the
effectiveness of those measures. The conclusions regarding impacts and
mitigation measures for greenhouse gas emissions and the population and
housing sections have been adjusted for the first four scenarios as well.
That's explained in the document. We've also produced a revised draft of
the Fiscal Study. If you recall, the draft Fiscal Study was reviewed by the
Finance Committee the last time around, and then the full Council had an
opportunity to review it. We have updated the Study to include responses to
                                                                            Page 14 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
