                         TRANSCRIPT
election. That's the Lincoln Avenue Phase Three and the Matadero pump
station improvements.        We completed Bowden Park improvements,
completed the Baylands Boardwalk Feasibility Study and began design of the
new Boardwalk.       We completed a traffic circles improvement project,
completed community garden irrigation project, finished the installation of
new Civic Center wayfinding and signage, completed new signage for the Art
Center and Rinconada Library, completed installation of book drops and
bicycle repair stations at Mitchell Park and Rinconada Libraries and
infrastructure plan projects. The Charleston-Arastradero Corridor project
received NEPA clearance, and we completed 35-percent design. We got, of
course, also approval of the Council on the design of the 101 pedestrian-bike
bridge up there on the right-hand corner. The Council made a decision on
the Public Safety Building, and we are in design on Fire Station Three, which
is on Embarcadero and Newell Road. One of your last actions before the end
of the year was approval on the design and environmental services contract
for the Downtown parking garage. That's in the realm of infrastructure.
Just some other notables. Whenever I wonder sometimes what I'm doing,
City Manager and the City, I go out to the Baylands, and I go for a run. As I
run down Embarcadero, I notice the fact that actually we have enhanced car
dealerships that have moved in there over the years, which certainly has
helped out with the City's revenue. I get down to the golf course and see
that we're rebuilding the golf course. I look just beyond that, and we've got
what used to be the County airport that the City has now taken over and is
enhancing. I mentioned the creek project itself. We've got the Regional
Water Quality Control Plant, and we got Council approval to put out the bid
for the $25 million construction project to basically allow us to eliminate
sludge incineration at that facility within two years, reducing our greenhouse
gas emissions dramatically. I knew for certain Council Member Schmid's
attention to the Baylands—he was always asking me when a new section of
the landfill was going to be opened up. These pictures just show you again
this year the additional landscaping. If you haven't been out there, get a
chance to go out and take a walk and run around there. It's fantastic.
Lastly, in the area of water, we've finalized a precedent-setting agreement
with the Water District for them to fund $2 million in studies for new water
resources for Palo Alto including more upgraded water, recycled water and
potential groundwater recharge. We out-performed our drought reduction
requirements from the State. Of course, we had a Colleagues' Memo from
the Council at the end of the year asking us to look at how we could begin to
work with East Palo Alto to share some of our assured water supply, given
the fact that they are way underserved in water. Finally, again, if we go
back to below the iceberg and just remember the day-to-day life of running
the City, all of these are just pictures of things that for the most part take
place every day around the City by different Staff people, who are making
sure that the lights are on, providing friendly customer service at our
                                                                         Page 8 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
