                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Minor swore in Council Members Lydia Kou, Adrian Fine, and Greg
Tanaka.

Mayor Burt: At this time, we'd like to welcome the new Council Members to
take their seats at the dais. Those of us who are departing will do so.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Congratulations everyone and thanks for joining us up
here.

Special Orders of the Day

1.    Election of the 2017 Mayor.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The next order of business is the election of Mayor and
Vice Mayor for 2017.       We'll proceed as follows.    First, I will collect
nominations from Council Members for the position of Mayor. Council
Members may nominate themselves or another Council Member, and no
second is required. After collecting the nominations, I will invite people to
speak in the following order: Council Members who made a nomination may
speak to the nomination and then Council Members who are nominated may
speak, if they wish. Any other Council Member may comment and members
of the public, of course, will be heard. Then, we will vote, and then we'll
redo the process over again for Vice Mayor. The floor is now open for
nominations for Mayor. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I nominate Vice Mayor Scharff for Mayor. Greg is
one of our longest tenured and most experienced Council Members including
past experience as Mayor. He has a strong understanding of policy and City
government and a longtime advocate for infrastructure, local retail and fiscal
responsibility. Greg is the logical choice for this Council tonight. This
Council will be the last one with nine members. With a group this size, it's
natural to anticipate some divisions. I believe there's a broad consensus
available because there is broad consensus in the community around
addressing our transportation and traffic issues; sensible housing growth
that addresses the heavy cost of living here while respecting the capacity of
our schools, services and infrastructure; supporting our local retail and
personal services; continuing to move forward on sustainability independent
of federal activity; and protecting our neighborhoods and the physical
attractiveness of our City and our quality of life here. Survey after survey
shows that these things are things a majority of Palo Alto residents want and
all of us have talked about them as we've stood for office. Greg understands
all these things. As leader of the Council, he'll be in a position to lead us to
this consensus with a Council that works together to do the community's
business. For all these reasons, I nominate Greg Scharff to be the next
Mayor of Palo Alto.
                                                                           Page 2 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
