                          TRANSCRIPT
board. I think that's another topic. I really hope that you guys would take
that into consideration for some of these folks. Second one I wanted to
mention is I don't think El Camino is in the guidelines for the RPP program.
I do on a very constant basis see a lot of camper and mobile homes parked
on El Camino, which I think tarnishes Palo Alto a touch. Just wanted to
make mention of that. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Mehran to be followed by Christopher Bedford.

Mehran Fotovajah: Good evening, Council Members, Mayor. My name is
Mehran Fotovajah, and I'm (inaudible) practices dentistry on 1805 El
Camino, which basically falls into Evergreen district. I understand the RPP
for our district was voted on last month. We also feel that we never had a
chance to really investigate and measure the impact that this imposes on
our practice. We were informed that there are 250 permits that were issued
to the employers in our district. However, my understanding is that all
those permits have been sold, and now there's just a long waiting list. My
building gives us four parking spaces, and I have five employees including
myself. All of my employees travel long distance. Two of them actually live
in the East Bay. We decided to basically try different things. One of the
things is to park in the parking structure on California. It takes them a good
15-20 minute on top of their long commute to get to our building. Even
parking on El Camino is becoming more challenging. If you try to park after
7:30 a.m., those parking spaces are all filled. It seems all of those filled by
either the employees from Stanford or their students. This is a major
problem. We understand the concern that Palo Alto residents have, and
we're not against RPP.        We just want a better solution that meets
everybody. It appears that the Council Members will be voting on RPP for
the Downtown area next Monday. We feel that all this district are tied
together. We're requesting to put the RPP for the Evergreen district back on
the agenda so we also can express our concerns. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Christopher Bedford to be followed by Eric Wu.

Christopher Bedford: Hi there. Thanks for letting me speak. My name is
Chris Bedford, and I'm not a resident of Palo Alto. I work in Palo Alto, and I
like Palo Alto a lot. I'm here to second the other speakers who were talking
about your City's hopeful divestment from anything associated with the
Dakota access pipeline. I'd like to add to that I really hope that you guys
consider divesting from any financial institution that's investing in any kind
of pipeline. The reason I am urging you to do that is I agree with the other
speakers. They made some really good points, especially the Dakota access
pipeline is really desecrating a lot of ancestral burial grounds of native
Americans. I really think that after 500 years those folks have really

                                                                        Page 49 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
