                          TRANSCRIPT
back yard) issue. As much as I love Downtown Palo Alto, there are parts of
it that I don't like. I don't want to be surrounded by tall buildings. I don't
want to have a commercial building across my street either, but I take the
good with the bad. This is where we live. This is Downtown Palo Alto.
We've got to accept what the City allows us to build here. If we just
arbitrarily allow people, individuals to put up a fight and listen to them and
not allow construction to happen, it's going to be a bad thing. It's going to
be bad for businesses like mine. I'm an architectural engineering firm. I
depend on construction; I depend on development.               I want to see
sustainable things built. I want to see laws being followed. If people are
following the rules and they're following the laws and they're building within
the City guidelines, I just don't get it. I don't see why the City would allow
an individual who disagrees with the development, for them to put up such a
fight that the developer has to go through this many submissions and this
many Architectural Review Board hearings. I thank you for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Karim Allana to be followed by Jake Lowenheim.

Jake Lowenheim: You're off by one. I'm Jake.

Mayor Scharff: Yeah, I am.         They haven't changed it there.           They're
supposed to have.

Mr. Lowenheim: I'm here, and I want to echo the words we just heard. I'm
a little bit new to this. I realize there is a lot of you that have quite a lot of
passionate feelings about this. For me—many of you may not know this. I
was involved in some of the civic projects down here, especially the one that
is always everyone's favorite, which is parking. From both sides, I was
involved in it because a I'm resident of the neighborhood, but also there's
parking and monitoring and other things that I initially got started here in
the City. It made me very conscious of what goes on here in terms of pain
points that the City has. I want to speak in favor of this project just very
quickly because I like the idea that a building that's there at the moment,
that is used for office space and other purposes, which does not have its
own parking, now has built-in parking if this building goes there. I also like
the idea that it's a green and sustainable building that's proposed to be built
here. I'm not sure if everyone's aware, but the other pieces of property that
are in that block, in between Waverley and Kipling, there's a lot of it that's at
the moment under construction because there's earthquake-proof things
being done. Actually, it's quite a painful process, so I like the idea of
something new coming in. To echo also whatever one else says, I think it's
fair as long as you are putting something in the footprint of what exists, and
you're actually upgrading to what's going on and not expanding past it, and


                                                                           Page 45 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/6/17
