                         TRANSCRIPT
comments, I think we've had a really robust conversation over the last
couple of months. There's been a good civic discourse. I actually thought it
was important that on the 30th we had greater discussion about this than
some of the other items. That was a request that was made. I thought that
was important, that we did a full round of conversation about this item. We
continued the item. We did not lock this Motion in, the prior idea of moving
the programs only into the implementation section. We did not lock it in
stone. We've had that public input. I've very much valued that. As I said
before, I didn't do a very good job articulating what I really intended and my
reasoning in January. If I'm ever lucky enough to have kids and raise them
in Palo Alto, I'll tell them when they make a mess, they should clean it up.

Mayor Scharff:   Council Member DuBois, would you like to speak to your
second?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. We got several letters from the CAC, from
both Chairs of the CAC, from PAN, several other neighborhood associations,
lots of voters. I think this is the right thing to do. A couple of quick
comments and a question.       We got some information on how many
programs were completed in the past. I didn't have time to go through the
Comp Plan. I saw there were a lot of programs that were essentially
overlays. Around grocery stores, I saw three, like trying to seek public
bathrooms, trying to stripe parking lots. Those programs are always in
effect. Do we count those as completed? When I look at it, I have a feeling
we actually act on more than we reported in that total.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member. You're saying there are some
that are ongoing, that maybe we should consider completed.

Council Member DuBois: We've been following them. They're kind of always
in effect.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sure we could count the number slightly differently.                I
appreciate that point.

Council Member DuBois: Will this draft, once we consolidate and prioritize,
go to the PTC?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. You were talking about the implementation or the
whole document?

Council Member DuBois:        The Land Use Element and Transportation
Element.



                                                                           Page 46 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
