                          TRANSCRIPT
that could be pretty ambitious today; I couldn’t imagine you could do that
across all of them—that would be extremely helpful. Then, we all know
where we're going. I'll end with this. This really is an effort for you to be
able to see the forest for the trees; for you, during the course of a year, to
be really articulate with the community when you're going out and saying,
"Here are our Priorities. In mobility, these are the six things that we're most
focused on. Here's what we're attempting to really have done by the end of
this year. We're in a better position even to give you some quantitative
data." Those sorts of things. To set up a quarterly reporting process, where
we sit with the Council and we really sharpen what this is. You may then
look and say, "You're being too slow on this. I think we have too much
process on this. We're not going to get to the end result; or we think you've
missed some critical things." We have a way to do that during the course of
the year. See the forest for the trees. I'll end with this. Years ago, Stephen
Covey wrote his bestselling book, Seven Habits of Highly Effective People.
At one point, he's talking about organizing to get work done and everything.
He told a story about these guys are clearing a jungle or whatever. They've
organized the teams. They've set the route. They've sharpened up all of
the implements and the tools, and they're hacking their way with the
machetes through the jungle. They're cutting through this road and all this
stuff. All of a sudden, one member of the group climbs up this palm tree,
looks over the top of the jungle and says, "Wrong jungle." Everyone yells
back, "Shut up. We're making such good progress." We want to be sure
that we're in the right jungle. The Council has to be able to see the forest
for the trees. We have to have a way where you can really help guide, set it
now and guide it during the course of the year. If there's too much, we're
not going to get where we want to go. If there's less projects initially, it will
be easier for us to report the conflicts with other projects that we have, that
are on the list. We're still going to do those things, and we will continue—
Tom, to get to your point—to be able to report on those. The Council has to
really say, "Here's our Priorities. Here's how we would express those
through the projects during the course of the year." That's our thinking.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I just want to make sure everyone takes a look
at those Pages, 5-11. Particularly note like on the infrastructure, there's
actually a number of key dates and what the metrics would be at the end of
the year. I personally think some of those metrics—it would be nice to
speed up some of that stuff. We can have a discussion about maybe how we
could and what that would take. I also think the metrics on the Rail
Committee, for instance—I think the Rail Committee needs to meet and
come up with a plan about what it wants to have by the end of the year,
what the timing should be, and all of that. That's something the Rail
Committee could do fairly quickly and what we want to look like at the end
of the year. There is a thing on grade separations on Page 6 that the City
                                                                          Page 37 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
