                          TRANSCRIPT
information based on substantial evidence that the project is larger than it is
entitled to be because it is claiming to use bonus square footage from a
demolished building and calling it seismic upgrade square footage. When
you're presented a fair argument based on substantial evidence, as defined
in the environmental law in this case, and it's not mitigated, you have to
have an Environmental Impact Report if you want to proceed with the
project. Perhaps you might think, "What we should do is direct the applicant
to redesign the project after subtracting that amount of square footage." If
you did that, you already know what the applicant's going to do. The
applicant is not going to do that and will keep asking for more time, while
you keep getting more revisions over and over again. Maybe after two
years, there will be another Council that the applicant can try to convince
what to do. I believe this has been going on too long. The only one who
has kept it going this long is the applicant. Rather than following the
direction that the Council had previously given the applicant and continuing
to ask for more time and hoping that somehow she'll get approval for
something that is worse than you saw before.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I'm just going to interrupt for a second. It's
now 9:35. In five minutes, we're supposed to be starting the Stanford GUP.
We're clearly behind. We've talked to Stanford, and they're willing to move
their presentation to the next Council meeting on February 27th, I think it is.
I think we're just going to go with that and do this tonight and not get to the
Stanford Item. If you're here for the Stanford Item, we're going to do it on
February 27th. Thank you. Richard, go ahead.

Richard Brand: Good evening, Council Members. Good to see everybody
tonight. Mayor Scharff, it's interesting you're bringing this up because my
issue here is policy and procedures. I'm really concerned about you taking
your very precious time to deal with a project that should be at the ARB and
being adjudicated and redone and looked at all the rules and regulation issue
it brings up in the ARB. That said, I'm very concerned about this project.
According to the Comp Plan, it's under-parked. You know my sensitivity
about parking. One of the things that really concerns me about this is it's a
very aggressive proposal. You've seen my note. My brother-in-law's picture
is up there, Kirke Comstock. He died last year. He was a Mayor, worked a
lot of time. Ethics was a big issue for him. He really felt that this Council
was the epitome of how government should be run on a local basis. I'm
concerned with the money being spent to push and influence potentially a
project of this level on one of our most lovely streets in the City. I will say
one thing about this. The appellant had mentioned about the shadow effect.
We all love, at least I do, the Palo Alto Celebrates the Arts. In the afternoon
in the summertime, if you walk along University Avenue for Palo Alto
Celebrates the Arts, big buildings shadow that part of the celebration that
                                                                         Page 48 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
