                          TRANSCRIPT
looking for what is priorities and how do we as a Council know that we've
been successful for the year. We also have planned another Retreat, which
is April 5th and 6th, which will be starting on that Wednesday around 3:00.
It'll be from 3:00 to 6:00, and then Thursday we'll start at 9:00 to 3:00.
This Retreat is about Priorities. As we take our Priorities, we get to how do
we implement them, what's a good governance structure that's effective
management. We always talk about we want a highly effective City, that is
well governed, that is efficient, that gets things done. How do we as a
Council facilitate that happening? How do we work amongst ourselves?
How do we interact with each other? How do we maintain and create an
esprit de corps?     I like that word.     That's really the thought of the
governance Retreat. Let's move on and start with the public comment.

Oral Communications

Mayor Scharff: The first person we have from Sky Posse is Vicky Reich.
You'll have 3 minutes.

Vicky Reich, Sky Posse: Good morning. I'm Vicky Reich. I live in the
Community Center. I've lived there since 1986, and I work with Sky Posse.
Many Palo Alto neighbors, some of whom are here, have participated in the
select committee on South Bay arrivals process. The City contributed a
venue and expert studies. Because of our collaborative efforts, we now have
potential opportunities for relief. We've made progress; to finish, we need
to follow through. I ask you to make jet noise a 2017 Priority and to take
critical action to fix the problem. Here's how. The select committee
unanimously recommended that a new regional political body, the ad hoc
committee, be established. Palo Alto must have a seat on this committee.
The City must actively participate in regional processes to get citizens relief.
We expect Representatives Eshoo, Speier, and Panetta to make
appointments after they receive the FAA's response to the select
committee's recommendation in mid-February. These will be highly coveted
appointments. The FAA, in consultation with the ad hoc committee, will
make final decisions as to which recommendations will be implemented and
when and how this will happen. In particular, four of the select committee's
recommendations are very important for Palo Alto. Council has a one-time,
critical window to redress the grievances caused by planes that have been
moved over Palo Alto from other flight paths. We need you, our political
experts—there are no other political experts; it's you guys—to continue your
good work, to use whatever tools and methods you have at your disposal to
ensure that Palo Alto is represented on this ad hoc committee. The City has
an important role to fill. On behalf of those who are here and a great many
others, thank you Council, for your support and for your action. Neighbors,


                                                                            Page 2 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
