                          TRANSCRIPT
State plans yet. This Study says that areas with coastal aquifers that are
less than four meters, which is 13 feet, from the ground surface should be
considered for the potential to contribute to sea level rise—it's cut there, but
you'll have your copies—via groundwater emergence. These are storms in
the future. As the sea level rises, the groundwater level rises also. We're
going to have—this Report says that underground structures such as
basements, pipes and tunnels will be increasingly vulnerable to flooding at
sea level rise. As you saw in the second map, all of the basements that are
currently being constructed are within that zone. This Report is important
beyond basements, because groundwater emergence is important for our
development planning for the City and for emergency planning where the
groundwater table is 13 feet or less. This includes—I hope when you look at
the plans for the Fire Stations, 3 and 4, you remember to take into account
the 13 feet, any underground construction, green infrastructure planning
and all our current vital infrastructure such as the wastewater plant. Thank
you so much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Mitchell Harnett.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. I'm going to follow up on what Esther was
speaking about. I wanted to thank everyone who came to the December
Policy and Services Committee and made their voices known about the new
regulations or recommendations that Public Works will be presenting to the
full City Council on 2/13. I would like to invite everyone who was concerned
regarding the issue of dewatering and wasting of community groundwater to
attend and/or email the City Council and make your views known. It's
interesting that one of the Items that was taken off the Consent Calendar
concerns basements. I thank you for taking those off the Consent Calendar,
because these will be three large basements in an area where the water
table is seven feet. I'm beginning to wonder what the process is so that
when someone builds a basement that is sitting in groundwater and then
sells that property to another person, do they have to under law disclose this
or is it buyer beware? Since the City is beginning to be informed or is aware
on their own of the potential for sea level rise and what the groundwater
tables are in our area, is this not their responsibility to make sure that
people who buy houses with basements realize that additional long-term
pumping or clearing of the groundwater around the basement is not
allowed? Essentially they're buying a large concrete boat in a water table. I
would love to have Public Works, who it has been a pleasure to work with
over this last year. I want to particularly thank our City Manager for
suggesting a moratorium on dewatering until additional information on
building techniques could be brought forward to reduce groundwater
extraction. Thank you.

                                                                          Page 27 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
