                          TRANSCRIPT
allowing more time at this stage of the process and getting more input from
the rest of the neighbors. Thank you. That don't live on Middlefield.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Katherine to be followed by Katherine Bazak.

Katherine Abu-Romia: I'm on Hawthorne and been there for—I've been on
Hawthorne, living there with my family for 40 years. I would consider
myself a stakeholder in the fact that we're just considered a little side street
for Middlefield. I agree with the previous speaker. Since a lot of that's been
said, back last year when all this traffic became so horrible and those turns
on Hawthorne, no right turn and no right turn coming from Middlefield onto
Hawthorne, no one paid any attention to the—they just drove right through.
I talked to the Police Department, and they said they weren't having any
traffic officers any more. There were no traffic officers; they were being
eliminated from their positions. Then, I was told that I could call a certain
number, and there were patrol cars. They may come or they may not be
able. They said they would try. We were talking about maybe we could
stand, block the street with our bodies or put a sign up saying, "Welcome to
Palo Alto." This is true. "Welcome to Palo Alto. You will never be given a
citation for a traffic violation." Eight out of ten of the cars that come down
Hawthorne pass our houses; they make a left turn during those restricted
times onto Middlefield Road. They make their left turn. They put their
signals on to tell us that they're making that left turn, but no one has done
anything about it. When the cars are coming down, making a turn onto
Hawthorne, they just all come down. What's happening here? How can you
have this Study when you haven't even looked at enforcing those signs?
Also, there's a rush hour at noon, there's a rush hour at 3:00, and there's
even one at 9:00 at night. No one will count the cars.

Mayor Scharff: Katherine Bazak to be followed by John Guislin.

Katherine Bazak: Council Members, I'm one of the people that lives at the
intersection of Everett, Palo Alto Avenue and Guinda Street. I've backed out
of my driveway for 40 years in that location.           It's becoming really
increasingly difficult with the increased traffic that's coming north on
Middlefield, turning onto Everett, making a right-hand turn to a well-known
cut-through to avoid the intersection of Middlefield and Willow. They are
coming down Everett, turning onto Palo Alto Avenue to Chaucer Bridge, over
to Willow to get onto Willow to 101. The whole thing is kind of a convoluted
mess anyway. Or they'll be turning on Chaucer to get onto University
Avenue farther up. I know the speakers have addressed the other issues.
We didn't have any input into this. My son and my daughter's boyfriend
have parked their cars in front of the house. In the last couple of months,
they've lost mirrors off of their cars because nobody respects the stop signs

                                                                         Page 53 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
