                     ACTION MINUTES
             Consider zoning revisions, including greater setbacks, to limit
             basement size and increase basement setbacks from adjacent
             properties;” and

        E.   Remove from Program 4.1.1, “and consider whether these limits
             should be applied in other Centers;” and

        F.   Add a new Program 4.7.2, “explore adding additional Floor Area
             Ratio (FAR) for retail at Stanford Shopping Center;” and

        G.   To clarify that software development is allowed Downtown; and

        H.   Replace in Policy L-1.3, “promote infill development in the urban
             service are that is” with “infill development in the urban service
             area should be;” and

        I.   Add to Program L-1.3.1, “as appropriate” after “remove these
             barriers;” and

        J.   Replace in Program L9.6.1, “citywide average” with “citywide
             standard;” and

        K.   Return to Council with additional information pertaining to
             moving the Policy regarding assessment of school impacts
             associated with legislative actions from the Community Services
             Element to the Land Use and Community Design Element; and

        L.   Add to Program L2.4.2, “and no reduction of retail square
             footage results” after “retail is maintained;” and

        M.   Explore and potentially support new, creative and innovative
             retail in Palo Alto; and

        N.   Replace in Policy L-6.3, “require” with “encourage.”

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Kou no

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

None.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:43 P.M.


                                                                          Page 16 of 16
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Action Minutes: 5/1/17
