                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Eisberg: The people behind me might know.

Council Member Fine: Mr. Mayor, if some of the members (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: Go ahead if someone knows.

Council Member Fine: Six months, 9 months?

Mayor Scharff: If you want to come and use the mike if you're going to
speak so other people can …

Council Member Fine: It'd be helpful.

Mayor Scharff: You better identify yourself.

Mr. Goldman: Jon Goldman. It was quite a long time ago, but I think I
personally attended about five meetings. I know there was also a tour
where groups went all over Downtown looking at individual properties. I
couldn't really tell you the complete timeframe, but it was a number of
months.

Council Member Fine: Thank you very much.

Mr. Goldman: You're welcome.

Council Member Fine: I think that's really helpful. It does seem like in 2009
the City did produce some good results here in protecting ground-floor retail
in the commercial core. I think our City is facing a fundamental problem
about the amount and location of retail in our City. Yes, we've lost retail
across parts of the City. We are acknowledging there is a changing nature
of retail businesses, pressure from offices and, in some case, a lack of
customers. I'm wondering—this is just a question I'll float out there.
Perhaps we need to think about right-sizing our retail spaces and reinforcing
a healthy dense core of retail but not expanding this Citywide, in a sense,
allowing more flexibility of retail uses in the GF core and across the City
otherwise. As some other Council Members have mentioned, there are other
things we could look at and focus on such as a signage Ordinance, perhaps
getting an economic development manager in place. Tonight, the only thing
I would be willing to support is expanding the types of acceptable uses in GF
and other areas. I wouldn't support extending to Citywide and enlarging the
GF area or adding new requirements like the window designs. At the
moment, we probably would be wise to kick this back to PTC or perhaps
form another stakeholders group that does diligent work like we see in this
2009 plan Ordinance and boundary. I don't think we're going to help our


                                                                      Page 67 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
