                          TRANSCRIPT
loading in Downtown and other parts of Palo Alto the same way. Where
there's an opportunity for a shared on-street or alley loading space, we have
found that preferable to every parcel having its own big, massive driveway
or red space and a loading provision. That's where this practice has come
from. What we've tried to do in this language is just kind of memorialize
what we've been doing through a labyrinthian interpretation of the Code.

Council Member Filseth: If it conflicts with Comp Plan goals and policies,
then how do we reconcile that?

Mayor Scharff: I think it has to conflict with Comp Plan goals to be granted.

Council Member Filseth: To be granted, it has to conflict or conform?

Mayor Scharff: It has to conflict. You can't grant it unless it doesn't meet a
Comp Plan goal, unless there's a Comp Plan goal reason to do it.

Council Member Filseth: What we could do is modify this paragraph so it
says (a) providing the on-street loading onsite would conflict and (b) the use
of shared loading offsite would not conflict.

Council Member Filseth: I see.

Mayor Scharff: You want to propose that as an Amendment.

Council Member Filseth: That I got. That I understand.

Council Member DuBois: Why don't you make that Motion?

Mayor Scharff: Why don't you propose that as the Amendment? We could
all get behind that.

Council Member Filseth: That'll be part of it.

Council Member Holman: I'd second that since (inaudible).

Council Member Filseth: You would second that, okay. Based on existing or
proposed site conditions, that basically means anything. Right? The place
we got to, I like that as a reason.

Ms. Gitelman: Should I try some language?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

Ms. Gitelman: What we do is in the paragraph that's there, in Section E—I
guess we'd have to use a "i" or something. Where it says to address loading

                                                                       Page 93 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
