                           TRANSCRIPT
Female: He had to leave.

Mayor Scharff: That's okay. Nelson Ng, come on up.

Nelson Ng: I didn't know where to classify my speech. It's no problem.
Thanks. Please start your lunch. Actually, happy Chinese New Year. This is
the first day of the Chinese New Year. [Foreign language] Today, I'm
actually going to talk about the same topic some of you may have heard
about, how it relates to some of your priority items that I have heard early
speakers and also in some of the survey items. That is the annual Priority
setting. For people who do not know me, my name is Nelson Ng. I live at
1260 Emerson Street, in the single-family neighborhood in Old Palo Alto,
right across the street from Castilleja, an all-girl private school which is also
part of the single-family neighborhood. We have been living there for 20
years, my wife and two kids. We have been supportive of the school, of
their mission and all that. However, since the middle of last year, we have
learned about the expansion plan and very concerned about it. As we learn
more, we become more concerned about it. One of the things that we are
looking at right now is that Castilleja right now is operating under a
conditional use permit, CUP, since year 2000. The permit allowed them to
have up to 415 students. Since 2002, 15 years ago, they have violated that
CUP and gone above it, currently at 438 students. I understand one of the
Priority for the Council might want to look at this next year is enforcement.
Fifteen years of violation, I think the City should really look hard into it and
enforce that law. As part of that, we also have been circulating a petition to
have citizens of Palo Alto to sign, and we will be presenting it to the City
Council so that City Council have some way to go about enforcing that law.
This is one of the first things. For Castilleja for the last number of years,
instead of working to be in compliance of the CUP, they file a new CUP and
asking for a 30 percent increased enrollment. This is one of the things that
is really interesting. Instead of compliance, all they need to do is file a new
CUP so that they don't have to be in compliance. Some logic that I'm still not
quite sure how to work that. As part of that, they're increasing the 30
percent enrollment with 73 percent of students coming outside of the City.
This will have major impact to our traffic as well. It's one of the item. As
part of that, they will want to demolish two single-family homes. That is just
for now. We don't know how much more for the quest of expansion that
they will encroach more into the single-family neighborhood as well. Also as
part of that, they want to remove the 160—they will impact 168 trees with
57 to be removed, 25 to be transplant.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mr. Ng: All this will have impacts to the City's Priorities.

                                                                          Page 43 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
