              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                               Special Meeting
                                                              January 3, 2017

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:22 P.M.

Present:    Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Mayor Burt: Welcome, everyone. This is a special meeting that we have
when we swear in every 2 years new Council Members and elect our new
Mayor and Vice Mayor. I'd first like to acknowledge as many of the officials
that we have in attendance as we've managed to spot, but I'm afraid we're
going to come up short on this. What I'd like to do is first acknowledge the
Former Mayors in attendance. Let me just read them off as a group because
the applause goes on. Former Mayors Judy Kleinberg, Nancy Shepherd,
Lanie Wheeler and Joe Simitian and Betsy Bechtel. That's part of the trick;
all the people who get left off get special applause. We also have a number
of other officials. Please help us out, as we did with Former Mayor Bechtel,
to point out who we're omitting. From the East Palo Alto City Council, we
have Council Member Ruben Abrica and Mayor Larry Moody. We also have
from the School Board Jennifer DiBrienza and former School Board Members
Camille Townsend and Susie Richardson. We'd like to just acknowledge as a
group—we have a number of our Board and Commission Members. Rather
than err in omitting them, can all Board and Commission Members please
rise? Who have I left off?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Steve Scharf from Cupertino.

Mayor Burt: Mayor or Council Member? Council Member Steve Scharf from
Cupertino, welcome.    Now we get onto our real business. The most
important Item tonight is the swearing in of new City Council Members.
Beth Minor, our Clerk, would you like to take the lead? I understand that
County Supervisor Simitian is going to do the honors with one of our
reelected officials.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Yes, he is. Joe, if you'll come up.

Joe Simitian, County Supervisor, swore in Council Member Kniss.


                                                                      Page 1 of 31
