                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Most of my concerns or comments have already
been hit by multiple people. I'm really glad that the EIR is going the
direction it is. I'm really glad that it's broader than—when we first said we
were going to do this many months ago, I was like, "An EIR is really—but
yeah." I think it's broadened beyond air quality and water quality to a lot of
things that people in town really care about even though they don't fit the
classical profile of an Environmental Impact Report. That's good because at
the end of the day we've all got to be asking the question—the things we do,
particularly the Comp Plan where it's so long term—why is this good for Palo
Alto residents. The EIR, we're covering a lot of that. That's a good thing.
Let's see. You know the school thing. I'm really glad that the School Board
and the School District communication lines are open.             That's really
important. We haven't been as close with those guys on this kind of stuff for
whatever reason in the past. I'm really glad to see this happening. They're
weighing in on the Stanford GUP expansion. Some of the scenarios in our
expansion are much, much bigger than the Stanford GUP expansion, so they
should weigh in on that too. In this town, the City Council elections are the
under-card to School Board elections. That's a really good thing. Glad to
see the loop closed and active dialog. The one thing I would say about the
EIR is that—Todd Collins, who is a member of the enrollment committee,
points out in his letter that the EIR uses K-6 and 7-8 and 9-12, and the
School District uses K-5, 6-8. If that could get rationalized, that'd be great.
I'm glad the time period is still open. Maybe I'll comment on it later.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I've been looking at the different scenarios and
thinking about it. Looking at Packet Page 418, the different scenarios, the
financial estimation. One way to think about which is the right scenario for
us is to look at it through the financial lens. I've heard that the City is
forecast to have a deficit around $6 million. One thing that a lot of residents
like about the City is the services that it delivers. As Vice Chair mentioned,
Palo Alto probably spends more per resident than just about any other city.
That's one of the things that make the City really nice, we take care of our
residents. To do that, it takes money. I was looking at Figure 2 on Packet
Page 418 and trying to figure out which one of these scenarios brings in the
most net money. I just want to make sure I understand this. If I look at
this in terms of net income to the City, Scenario 4 is number one, followed
by Scenario Number 6, then Scenario Number 3. Am I looking at this right?
Is this the way to think about it or am I missing something here?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. You're on page …

                                                                            Page 63 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
