                          TRANSCRIPT
reduce speed.     They can cut crashes in half.      The Federal Highway
Administration says that road diets do not cause congestion on roads that
have fewer than 20,000 cars daily. I feel we fit that bill. I really think it's
worth a try to try and address the safety and quality of life for us on
Middlefield Road. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bob Smith to be followed by Neeraj Penose.

Bob Smith: Good evening. Bob Smith, and I live on Greer. I do consider
myself a stakeholder in these matters, being someone who uses Middlefield
more than we might like to. A quick story. A few years ago on Greer, there
was a process with people wanting changes on their street. A huge amount
of traffic on Greer. If you want to go over there at the rush hours, you'll see
it. I was surprised how many people actually wanted to shut the street
down. Just give us our street; it belongs to us. Why are all these people
cutting through? If you look at the map, you see why. The end result was
that they put two speed bumps into play. The theory of unintended
consequences here, I think the street is much more dangerous now than it
was before. We have people slowing down and speeding up to get by the
speed bumps. We have a huge number of people that come up onto the
sidewalk. What I'm noticing in general in town is the amount of traffic has
gone up. People are responding by trying to work around the problem.
They know they're being manipulated. They know the City is shutting things
down and closing lanes and putting up signs and circles and everything.
They are trying to find a way around this so they can get to their jobs. It's
as simple as that. Middlefield is an important street. It shows up on maps
back over 100 years ago, down through the middle of the Stanford farm is
the way I understand it. Also, these problems of traffic and roads and
parking are very complicated things. It's not just so easy to say we're going
to take away lanes and not provide parking and people will do something
else, because it doesn't work that way. We end up with a problem. I'm not
involved in the process as I should have been, but it looks to me like you
have some ideas. Think carefully before you do anything.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Neeraj to be followed by Mark Eden.

Neeraj Penose: Hello. My name is Neeraj Penose, and I live on Middlefield.
I've met many of you, and I've been working about 3 1/2 years on the
Middlefield North safety project along with John and several others. Our
street bares an unfair burden on accidents. Living on it has become very
difficult. We can't get out of our driveways on our block. We feel like
someone will take off our toes when you're trying to stand at an intersection
to cross the streets. What Josh and Rafael have come up with right now is a
set of viable options. Other than applauding them, I also wanted to say that

                                                                        Page 57 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
