                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Campbell: You'll see the table there. It includes onsite employee
amenities, shared parking facilities, senior housing. There's a variety of
different qualifications.

Council Member Fine: Thank you. That's helpful.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Mechanical lifts, how successful and
how much is this utilized in other communities? I'm glad this is going to be
allowed for retail or personal service.

Ms. Campbell: I did some outreach to the various local communities.
Basically, the feedback that I received other than San Francisco is that it
was still a new thing for projects, and it was reviewed on a case-by-case
basis. They didn't have any specific standards in place the way that we're
proposing it now. San Francisco is definitely one of the jurisdictions that has
some specific regulations in place. They allow it for all types of uses. There
are no restrictions. It just is one of the standard parking spaces that would
be following along with a regular at-grade parking. Basically, what we're
trying to do is—we did look at some ordinances that were proposed in
southern California. I think we basically pulled from that all of the things
that seemed to be relevant to our community and came up with what's being
proposed here. Also, we did get the direction again from the Planning
Commission to try to be not as tight with how we're applying the regulations
and to have a little bit more flexibility. I think we're trying to build in some
provisions to make sure we're looking at safety and appropriate use in a
location and things like that.

Council Member Holman: Ground-floor parking is not counted towards—it's
allowed. In some of the commercial districts, does that mean ground floor—
we have some commercial districts here. Does that mean ground-floor lift
parking will not be or will be allowed on—I'm not saying this very well. Lift
parking would be allowed on the ground floor in retail areas? It's not
something I think is a good idea anyway. Does this just expand on that?

Mr. Lait: I think one of our requirements is that the—is your question one of
visual access or floor area?

Council Member Holman: Both.

Mr. Lait: If it doesn't count as floor area today, it wouldn't count as floor
area tomorrow because it's parking. Parking is parking. From a visibility
standpoint, we have some requirements in there about—I'm trying to figure
out which number it is here. Here it is on Packet Page 328, Letter C. It has
                                                                         Page 75 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
