                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Now we're back to the main Motion. In line on the main
Motion, I had Council Member Holman. I had Fine too, but you actually had
your light on five seconds before he did.

Council Member Fine: I would be supporting this overall Motion. Thank you,
Council Member Wolbach. I think you described it well. I also do want to
thank Staff, the CAC and all our citizens for getting us this far. Just a broad
comment before I make a quick Motion. The fact that we, here on City
Council, are essentially getting a multiple choice test on our Comprehensive
Plan says something to the need to make some hard, concrete decisions and
move forward with these so we can get this done this year. Two quick
amendments, and we'll see if they're friendly or not. On "A," I'd like to
make an Amendment that we remove the Research Park. On "C," I support
as a whole, but I'd like to—I'm not sure if it's initiate with Staff, but a
specific area plan for Downtown.

Mayor Scharff: You'd like to do a specific area plan?

Council Member Fine: Yes, initiate.

Mayor Scharff: Do you have a second for the amendments?

Council Member Wolbach:       We should probably take them separately.
Mayor, if that's okay? Let's do one at a time. On the first one, I will not
accept that as a friendly Amendment. If you get a seconder, happy to hear
the arguments pro and con, but I'm not going to support it (crosstalk).

Council Member Fine: Does anybody want to support that?

AMENDMENT: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member
Tanaka to add to Motion Part A, “with the exception of the Stanford
Research Park” after “apply it citywide.”

Mayor Scharff: Do you want to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Fine: Very quickly. I think the dynamics and economics of
the Research Park are unique in our City. The cumulative cap there may not
apply. There are different build-outs as we've seen in the past five or 10
years, and there may be in the next 20 years where Stanford is quickly
developing a large parcel.

Mr. Keene: Was there a second?

Mayor Scharff: There was a second. Tanaka seconded it.

Council Member Fine: I think there are different dynamics there.
                                                                        Page 42 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
