                            TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: When we get to the projects, we can add traffic flow and
that to that. The parking is under transportation, if you want it to be. I
think parking's under transportation frankly. If you want to make a motion,
I don't think commercial environment is a particular focus. We've dealt with
a lot of those issues. I would probably disagree.

Council Member DuBois: I think a lot of them are temporary Ordinances.

Mayor Scharff: We're still moving forward, and those were coming to a
head. I don't think there's new initiatives that we're focusing on. All of that
goes in the Comp Plan, just like we're focusing on the Comp Plan. We're
going to get the Comp Plan done. Most of those issues get talked about.

Council Member DuBois: I'd make a Motion that the Priorities be budget and
finance, infrastructure, Health Cities, and the built environment including
housing, transportation, and commercial development.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to adopt the following 2017 Council Priorities:

A.    Budget and Finance; and

B.    Infrastructure; and

C.    Healthy City, Healthy Community; and

D.    Built Environment:      Housing,     Transportation,   and    Commercial
      Development.

Council Member DuBois: Just to speak to it briefly. I think I made the
point. You need all three legs of the stool. It doesn't make sense to focus
on two and pretend the third doesn't exist.

Mayor Scharff: Do you want to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Filseth: Not (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: That was me speaking to my Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Eric, do you want to speak to your second?

Council Member Filseth: I think Karen actually beat me to it.

Mayor Scharff: Karen seconded the Motion. Karen.



                                                                          Page 66 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
