                         TRANSCRIPT
with the GF or P district. Right now, there's no combining districts applied
with a PC zone. Right now, those provisions—for example, the design
standards that are proposed here in the GF would not apply to a PC zone
that doesn't have that overlay.

Council Member DuBois: This would align it, I guess (crosstalk).

Ms. Eisberg: No, no. This is listed under the issues that would have to be
studied later. A PC zone that was adopted 10 years ago doesn't have this
GF overlay. You can see in the map that there are some locations where
there's sort of a hole in the GF because there's a PC designation. The GF
would not apply.

Council Member DuBois: Would you say a clear window requirement is
uncommon for retail areas?

Ms. Eisberg: Are common?

Council Member DuBois: Is it uncommon to require that?

Ms. Eisberg: No. When we reviewed this with the ARB, we looked at some
comparable cities, San Francisco, Santa Monica, San Carlos, that have
similar window transparency, some percentage requirement similar to what's
proposed here.

Council Member DuBois: Does Staff have any response to some of the
concerns that were raised in terms of the sun being too bright or whatever?

Ms. Eisberg: I think two things. One, you look at the Apple store, and you
have this huge amount of window transparency, because 100 percent floor
to ceiling. In that case, you don't have any fixtures in front of those
windows. It's just not the type of use that has a tremendous amount of
materials or equipment being sold. You think about other uses that require
racks or where you have tables and you're trying to maybe hide certain
things that aren't as attractive from the outside and you want a lower
bulkhead on the bottom of the retail space or you want some privacy to
allow a changing room or whatever it is. The 70-percent requirement
between that 2 1/2 to 10 feet is trying to allow for some of those fixtures or
other elements.

Council Member DuBois: Did you say the current vacancy rate is 2 percent?

Ms. Eisberg: Let me just look for that number. It's been between 2 and 3
percent over the last couple of years. Downtown, that's right. It really
fluctuates tremendously depending on where you are in the City.

                                                                         Page 72 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
