                          TRANSCRIPT
and I think the public has done a really good job of expressing some of the
issues that represent the broader community's concerns, paratransit
certainly and school access. Paratransit because we're an aging population,
not just in Palo Alto or Santa Clara County but the area as a whole. We're
an aging population so paratransit gets to be a more and more critical
component. I'll just go ahead and say this. I guess a frustration that I—
maybe I'll be less diplomatic than some others will say. It's really frustrating
to have been supportive of Measure B, which is a funding mechanism, and
then to these cuts come across to reduce service to our Palo Alto residents.
For us to be able to represent to our voting population that we support a
VTA measure and then VTA comes along with cuts of service to our residents
is frustrating, it's embarrassing and it makes—I'll just say for myself—me
feel like I've been gamed a little bit. That's putting it bluntly, but it's not
pleasant. I think surely you can understand that. I'm glad that you'll be
paying attention to Penny Ellson and the PTSA input. I have a question for
Josh Mello. How the timing correlates between the Palo Alto Shuttle Study
and the VTA input deadline, can you comment about how those two dates
correlate? It seems like our Study is coming post their input deadline.

Mr. Mello: We're estimating that we'll be able to bring you a Study Session
or an Action Item in March related to the Shuttle Study. I think our
assumption now, moving forward, is that we need to be able to react to fill
the service gaps that are in the Draft Plan that was released by VTA. We will
certainly have the flexibility built into the Shuttle Study to adapt to any
changes that are made by VTA before the final plan is adopted by the Board.
I don't think we can wait until the Board makes their decision, because we
need to be ready to fill in those service gaps as soon as service changes are
implemented by VTA.

Council Member Holman:          I wouldn't want us to wait until those
recommendations are made. It sounds like there's not necessarily a good
transition and coordination. It sounds like we're maybe thinking of being a
little bit more reactive to depending on what they cut we'll fill in. I'm not
sure that's a position we want to take.

Mr. Mello: I don't think that's our first position, but I do think we need to be
ready to fill in service gaps that may come out of the ultimate plan. I
certainly don't think that should be our first position.

Council Member Holman: Maybe Vice Mayor Kniss would have a better
handle on this as well as the VTA staff. If there are service cuts to Palo Alto
and our shuttle can run the routes more effectively, more efficiently as was
stated previously in response to somebody else's question, does VTA have a


                                                                         Page 20 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
