                          TRANSCRIPT
Staff has decided that the existing two-way stop configuration was
generating the bulk of the skepticism around the traffic circle, so we plan to
leave the circle in place and convert the intersection to an all-way yield
configuration. We'll leave that in place for six months and then do another
survey. As there are several roundabouts and traffic circles planned as part
of our upcoming neighborhood traffic safety and Bike Boulevard projects,
this pilot offers a valuable opportunity to refine the designs of these
intersections. We're really relying on the feedback that we get from the
public. Just a reminder. Martin Luther King Day, as the Mayor just
mentioned, is next week, Monday the 16th.             The City's youth and
Community Services will hold a celebration event to pay tribute to the life of
Dr. King on Monday, January 16th, from 11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. The event
will include guest speakers and local organizations, activities for youth and
teens, music and dance performances and a legacy exhibition displaying
different periods of the civil rights movement. Organizations participating in
this year's event include Project Safety Net, Outlet Youth, Neighbors Helping
Neighbors, Aim High, the King Papers Project at Stanford, and Stanford's
Muslim Student Union with performances by Dance Connection and School of
Rock. That will be at Mitchell Park next Monday, January 16th, from 11:00
to 2:00. The VTA has scheduled a public meeting here in the City Council
Chambers on Thursday, January 19th, at 6:00 p.m. to discuss their Next
Network plan for bus service changes. We've also invited VTA to present to
the City Council at a Study Session. I believe that's still planned for
January 23rd. We'll be preparing a comment letter to the VTA Board for the
Council's review in February. Secondly, on a different topic, Stanford
University has scheduled a public meeting at Mitchell Park on Wednesday,
January 25th, from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. to discuss their pending application to
Santa Clara County for a new General Use Permit, more affectionately called
GUP, extending to the year 2035. We've also invited Stanford to present at
City Council, and they will do so at a Study Session on February 6. We'll be
preparing a comment letter in response to the County's notice that the EIR
will be prepared. We expect to receive the County's notice this week, and
we'll have a deadline to comment by the middle of February. Palo Alto
Children's Theatre experienced record-breaking attendance numbers in
December 2016 with sold-out productions of The Lion, The Witch and the
Wardrobe on the Main Stage and the Gingerbread Boy in the Playhouse. The
Teen Arts Council, which is an initiative of Palo Alto Children's Theatre, will
host a movie night at Mitchell Park Teen Center on Friday, January 13th,
Friday the 13th, at 7:00 p.m. The Teen Arts Council will also have its next
open mike night at the Palo Alto Art Center on Friday, February 10th, at
7:00 p.m. in collaboration with the Art Center's teen takeover event. Other
than just one more welcome to the new Council, welcome to the new
Council, that's all I have to report.

                                                                         Page 24 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
