                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: I would just say fitness and exercise studios or similar uses.

Council Member Wolbach: Just remove the number? I'd actually just say
remove the "15 or fewer students/customers at a time" language.

Mr. Lait: Is there an interest in a regulation on the size of the tenant space?
Otherwise, we can end up with that California Avenue (inaudible) again.

Council Member Wolbach: Could we change it to "excluding low density"?
It's a tricky one. How exactly do we word this? I'm not sure, and I'm open
to other ideas from colleagues. Do you see where I'm trying to go?

Council Member Filseth: I'm shuddering because it's 11:10. I think this is
getting detailed enough that we ought to discuss it. We ought to discuss it
as a separate item if we get there. I'm not going to accept it.

Mr. Lait: If I could just add one more comment?

Council Member Wolbach: (crosstalk) anyone has any thoughts on this one.

Council Member DuBois: I understand where you're going too, but I'm not
sure we have a problem with people renting out huge spaces for one
student. It seems like the market will take care of that.

Council Member Wolbach: That's kind of what's happening right now next to
Printer's Café, across from what was Keeble and Shuchat.

Mayor Scharff: What are you making the Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm going to defer to others if somebody has a
Motion that they want to make on that one because I can't come up with
great wording for it, unless Staff has (crosstalk).

Mr. Lait: Unfortunately, I don't have anything to address that issue. I do
want to—on that size issue, the reason we were allowing 15 or fewer
students in a place was because we consider that to be incidental and not a
great intensity of use. If we're eliminating the threshold of the number of
people, there's a question. Maybe that question has been asked and
answered on the Council. At what point do you want to have a discretionary
review process to evaluate either the low density of the use or the high
density of that use? We're now removing that incidental concept.

Council Member Wolbach: What if we did it as 15 or fewer students or under
1,000 square feet of space? Either it's a small space or it's a small class or
just change it to small spaces.

                                                                        Page 95 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
