                           TRANSCRIPT
Guislin said. To the south, you're constrained by the stop lights at Lytton
and University, which are basically always going to hit. You're always going
to stop there. At high loads, traffic is going to back-up no matter what we
do, no matter how many lanes we provide along Middlefield North. The
question is only about the shape of what I call the parking lot when it does
backup and the cost in terms of safety and quality of life that happen as a
result of this parking lot. Don't be mistaken in thinking that Alternatives 7A
and 7B are just variants on a theme. 7A meets residents' requirements; 7B
basically doesn't change anything of any consequence. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Annie Ashton to be followed by Andrea Lichter.

Amie Ashton: Hi. My name's Amie Ashton. I am a resident. I've lived
there for about 10 years, and I am a daily commute cyclist. I bike
everywhere I possibly can. I have a bike trailer that I have to pull out onto
the sidewalk to use whenever I want to use it, which is almost every day.
I'm so excited for this project because 7A introduces a bike lane in a place
that doesn't have one and provides an actual, potential solution to traffic in
the area by giving people an alternative, the possibility of riding their bike
through here. I'm very excited. I'll be using it every day. I won't have to
ride on the sidewalk anymore where I'm constantly running into pedestrians
or other cyclists who are afraid to ride on Middlefield. It's a daily, hourly
occurrence that I run into people who are doing that. Thank you and go 7A.

Mayor Scharff: Andrea Lichter followed by Bob Smith.

Andrea Lichter: Good evening, Council and Mayor. My name is Andrea
Lichter. I also live on Middlefield Road, and I've lived there for almost 20
years and have seen traffic evolve to place where I'm constantly dealing
with the sounds of near crashes. My neighbors and I are frequently running
out with our cameras to take photographs. As you know, we've been
working for over three years, collecting a lot of data. Working with Josh and
his team has been a wonderful collaborative effort. We've really examined
several different models. 7A is the model that really best suits our needs
and is worthy of a pilot for one year. It'll slow traffic in both directions. It'll
improve driveway access and allow us to exit safely. It's going to move
traffic away from the sidewalk. I did have a car come through my front
yard, knock down our fence. We're just lucky that my husband or I were not
working in the garden, because we would have been seriously injured. It is
scary, walking on the sidewalk. Especially 7A improves the sightlines and
safety from cross streets, because those intersections at Everett and
Middlefield and Hawthorne are super dangerous. I just want you to know
that some of the studies have shown that road diets actually increase safety
for all. They increase the use of other modes of transportation. They

                                                                           Page 56 of 122
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/23/17
