                          TRANSCRIPT
authority to address these issues. However, in hearing the conversation,
maybe we don't need the precise standards that we're proposing here. We
can come up with some language to the effect that captures our interest,
which is to have this visual access to buildings. That's going to be met by
the retail uses in the district. It may not be met by all of the office uses in
the district because they have a film or window blinds or something like that.
We can come up with a standard that says up to a depth of 3 feet there shall
be visual access for the pedestrian experience. For those that have the
window film, that's an easier fix. For those that have major structural
changes, that's going to be more problematic to address immediately.

Mayor Scharff: If we want you to do that—that's what I'm hearing Council
Members say—how do we proceed tonight? How would you like that Motion
to read, assuming you guys are okay with it? How would you like that
Motion to read? Why don't you read it to the Clerk? If you guys are fine
with it, I'm seeing nodding heads over there.

Mr. Lait: Something to this effect: direct Staff to prepare design standards
to promote the pedestrian experience and add visual access into a building
up to a depth of 3 feet. Something like that.

Council Member Fine: I think that's fair and that addresses the issue of in
some ways we want to provide sticks to other areas outside of retail and not
necessarily sticks and restrictions to retail itself. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka, are you fine with that?

Council Member Tanaka: I'm not sure I understand it. What is this doing
again?

Council Member Fine: This is going to have Staff prepare design standards
to promote pedestrian interest along the street. It's mainly focused on the
idea that retail may have some flexibility there. In terms of office space, we
probably do want transparent glass.

AMENDMENT RESTATED:              Council Member Fine moved, seconded by
Council Member Tanaka to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to prepare Design
Standards to promote pedestrian oriented design and require visual access
into the ground floor of buildings to a depth of three feet.”

Mayor Scharff: There's a bunch of lights still. I'm going to clear the lights.
If you want to still speak to this or if we can vote? You want to speak to it
still.



                                                                       Page 101 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
