                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. McCown: Again, as I said earlier, we're strong supporters of it. Beyond
trying to push the advocacy or help others with the advocacy to get the
traditional methods of funding these things, which is not new, that you put
together Federal, State and local money to make these projects happen,
which we think that's the right societal investment on this. If that truly is
not possible, obviously we're going to be part of a discussion of what comes
next, if that really is not going to be the way this project happens. I don't
know what that would mean. I don't think anybody quite knows what the
Plan B is, if this truly is a roadblock.

Council Member Wolbach: It sounds like you're open to continuing that
conversation. In the meantime, a couple more thoughts on that. I didn't
catch the name of the group of employers that you mentioned earlier. What
was the name?

Ms. McCown: It's called the Caltrain Commuter Coalition, and it was formed
a number of years ago. The purpose at that time was to address the
absence of a secure, consistent sales tax revenue. Many other transit
agencies have passed sales tax—San Mateo County clearly—that give a
steady stream of support for their transit programs and their transit
facilities. Caltrain has never had that. That was the origin of the discussion
a number of years ago. It probably goes back at least 5 or 6 years.

Council Member Wolbach: Is there anything more you can tell us about how
conversations are going with that group or work with them?

Ms. McCown: I don't think that's been an active—obviously several things
have stepped in front of that such as the Santa Clara County transportation
measure from last year. There have been other things that have replaced
that discussion in terms of transportation funding. There hasn't been any
recent discussion about it. Again, I think their focus understandably has
been to try to get this electrification funding from the Federal government.

Council Member Wolbach:        A couple of other thoughts picking up on
something you mentioned earlier. Frankly, the Republican Party controls the
executive branch as well as the Congress in D.C. You asked if we knew any.
I would just ask—there's a conservative leaning institution at Stanford called
the Hoover Institution, which probably includes some people who have some
connection to D.C. I was curious if you've had any conversations with any of
the people there to help share their experience on the ground,
understanding the importance of Caltrain electrification with any of their
friends, at least.

Ms. McCown: We have not done that yet.

                                                                       Page 32 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
