                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka: I have a question for the maker of both Motions. I
heard these Priorities mentioned, and I saw Staff write it, but they're not
necessarily writing in the same order that was said. Are these actually
prioritized or bulletized? I'm trying to understand the intent here.

Mayor Scharff: The order is not order of importance.

Council Member Tanaka: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm still going to support the original Motion. I'm
very sympathetic to the concerns that were raised, that motivated the
Substitute Motion. I would not agree with the contention that if something
is not named in our Priorities, it's not important. As I said at the start of my
comments, when we were first going down the line, everything that we've
talked about today is very important. The issues around Cubberley are
important. The issues around groundwater are important. The issues
around airplane noise are important.         Every one of these projects is
important. That's why we are investing Staff resources and time and energy
and our time and energy on each of them. I'd want to be really clear. Just
because a particular word isn't listed in our top, top Priorities, it doesn't
mean it's not important to the City. As far as the question, which is an
important one, how is the interaction, the systems thinking around
commercial uses of space, housing, transportation, adequately reflected in
the Priorities here. The transportation one is a big part of that. A big part of
our transportation discussion is how does our commercial sector contribute
in a meaningful way to solving our transportation problems through things
like the TMA for primarily Downtown but which might expand, the TMA for
the Stanford Research Park, Stanford's on-campus transportation initiatives.
We'll be weighing in on the GUP. We're putting together a committee to look
at a possible additional funding measure to provide funding for
transportation. Although, it's not guaranteed where the money will come
from; there's clearly a strong indication that one of the most likely funding
sources will be the commercial sector. Not hidden but clearly implicit
reference and understanding we all have if we're going to be genuine in our
discussion about this, the commercial sector is going to be contributing on
the transportation side a lot. I don't think that's going to change. Even if
we do bring a new initiative forward, this isn't an exclusive list of everything
that we're going to touch during the course of the year. Again, I'll be
supporting the original motion. Again, I do appreciate all the concerns that
were raised, that motivated the substitute.

Mayor Scharff: Lydia, you did have your hand up? I thought you did.

                                                                          Page 69 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
