                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I’m sorry. I didn't hear that last part.

Council Member Filseth: We're sort of making this discretionary, but what
you've said is it's already discretionary.

Mr. Lait: We're stipulating a process that does not clearly exist in the Code
today.

Council Member Filseth: Other than you've got to have a waiver.

Mr. Lait: Other than you get variance or we liberally apply different sections
of the Code as we've done in the past. Also note that this Code section
come into place at a time where the trucks used for delivery were larger
than are typically used today. We have smaller trucks, a lot of small vans,
and things like that. I just want to get the dimension on the record. What
was that?

Council Member Filseth: I had another question. On the mechanical lift
issue, in general if somebody wants to put a mechanical lift in, then I think
that's sort of one way we look at it. If the mechanical lift is being used to
satisfy a Code requirement, then what if it's in disrepair? What if it breaks?
In principle, then the owner is in violation of City Codes. What's the City
recourse if that happens?

Mr. Lait: Again, this is another one of these things where we've had projects
reviewed and approved even by Council for mechanical lifts. Here's another
area where the Code is ambiguous with respect to its application. The intent
of what we're trying to do is not have it be this guessing game for Staff or
the community or for developers. They want to have some expectation as to
whether lifts are allowed or not allowed. We're trying to put a parameter
around that. On Packet Page 328—it actually begins on 327. Page 328 has
the types of things that we would require of an applicant who is seeking to
use mechanical lifts. None of this stuff is anything that we really ask for
today. Today if somebody proposes a mechanical lift, we accept that it's
going to work in some logical way. Now, we're asking for—I'll look to Letter
D on Page 328—some very detailed analysis and reporting about how these
systems will operate not only on a day-to-day basis but in the event that
there is emergency maintenance, what's the schedule for that, what's the
backup systems. With this Ordinance, I think we're trying to capture those
kinds of concerns.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. By the way, I noticed on here—since
we're on that page, Life F says it is supposed to accommodate full-size
SUVs. I thought you just said the opposite.

                                                                       Page 61 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
