                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: I'll second it.

Vice Mayor Kniss: You beat me to it.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
direct Staff to include in the final Draft of the Comprehensive Plan Update:

A.    Cumulative Cap:

      Policy L-1.10 would maintain a Cumulative Cap of 1.7 million square
      feet, which is the square footage remaining under the existing cap,
      focus the Cap on Office/R&D uses and apply it citywide rather than
      only in “monitored areas.” It would also exempt medical office uses in
      the Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) area (the current cap
      does not apply to this geographic area), and require annual monitoring
      to assess the effectiveness of development requirements and
      determine whether the cap and the development requirements should
      be adjusted; and

B.    Annual Limit:

      Direct Staff to return with a permanent Ordinance addressing the
      Annual Limit, separate from the Comprehensive Plan Update; and

C.    Downtown Cap:

      Eliminate the Downtown cap found in existing Program L-8 and focus
      on monitoring development and parking demand.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll just speak to it briefly. Actually I think that I
have spoken to it enough. I'll let my seconder and others weigh in.

Mayor Scharff: I fully agree with Council Member Wolbach. I think it's
important to do two things. I think it's important to have the total limit of
1.7 million. I think that's an important cap. I think as we move forward,
that lets the community know that we're continuing along the path we've
laid forward over the long term, and we're sticking with that. I agree that
we should eliminate the Downtown cap. I think if we are going to put office
space somewhere and R&D, you want to put it near transit. Downtown has
excellent transit options; it probably has the best transit options in the City.
I want to remind people when we look at businesses that locate in the
Downtown—if you look at Palantir and Amazon, their single-use occupancy
for traffic is 80/20. That's really amazing. That means 80 percent of the
people are not driving, only 20 percent are. If we're looking at the best
places to do trip reduction, it's Downtown. Nowhere else in the City comes

                                                                         Page 33 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
