                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I guess I've already spoken to it. Particularly
between 10:00 and midnight or 10:00 and 1:00 a.m., how does it currently
work?

Ms. Stump: Again, Council Members, as I understand it, we're not taking
action on changing the noise rules anywhere in the City tonight. Council has
just directed that the Staff do some preliminary work and bring forward an
analysis and considerations as the Downtown has additional residential units.
This could come back in 6 months, later than that. Then, we can have a
policy discussion about noise that's properly noticed.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote. That passes on a 6-3 with Council Members
DuBois, Kou and Holman voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 DuBois, Holman, Kou no

Council Member Fine: That's all. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I'd like to make a few Amendments too. On Page
2—before I do, I'd like to ask Staff a quick question. Actually, I'll just make
the Motion. The Motion I'd like to make is that we remove the chain
restriction. We heard from some of the speakers that having the chain
restriction on Cal. Ave. has—does Staff have … Page 2, Packet 428.

Mayor Scharff: Packet Page 428?

Council Member Tanaka: Yeah. If we're going to have a …

Mayor Scharff: What are you looking at?

Council Member Tanaka: Letter O. My point is if we're going to mandate
ground-floor retail, we should make it easy to get retail. Let me first ask
Staff. Is there a chain restriction right now?

Mr. Lait: On California Avenue, we have a chain store limitation. Pete's
Coffee could choose to go there if they wanted to. There's a process for
that.

Mayor Scharff: Greg, let me just interrupt. The chain store retail issue is
not before Council tonight on this Ordinance. It's a separate Ordinance, and
it doesn't seem to come into this other than in "O" we talk about it as a
declaration as opposed to actually changing the Ordinance. If you disagree
                                                                       Page 108 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
