                          TRANSCRIPT
queuing separate and apart from this language here. This is just saying do
we count it as floor area or not.

Council Member Kou: Thank you. On the housing inventory, piggy backing
off one of the Council Members who mentioned less parking as an incentive.
It concerns me that we still have issues with parking, and yet it's an
incentive to consolidate the lots, but we're not addressing the parking issues
that's going to come especially in our quest for growth. There is going to be
parking issues, and we see it today. To say we're going to incentivize
building these projects or consolidating for affordable housing, which is a
very good deed, but less parking is not going to help out for us moving
forward. I hope that there's better language over here or finding something
else to incentivize. On Item F on Packet Page 321, in the past for affordable
housing, hasn't it always been 50 years? Why is this one 30?

Mr. Lait: I think we need a minute to talk about that one and understand
that.

Mayor Scharff: Do you want us to come back to that?

Mr. Lait: Yeah, we'll come back to that one.

Mayor Scharff: Do you have other questions?

Council Member Kou: I'm sorry, yes. Just to go forward, on these lot
consolidations, they're small lots. We don't know how many units they're
going to be. If they're 5-10 units, with that kind of timeframe, I think one of
the concerns would be when the time comes up are we going to have
another BV situation come around. Please be considerate when you're
thinking about how long it is. If we can get these things to be forever, it'll
be great. On Page 322 on "I," site and design review required in the Code
for a mixed-use project shall be waived by such projects. Why?

Mr. Lait: Again, what we're trying to do here is create a list of incentives
that would allow an affordable housing provider/developer to go through a
process in a more predictable, streamlined and less costly way. One of the
things that we hear about affordable housing is the cost of building it with
the various development impact fees, the land cost, the providing for
parking, and the process time to get through a process all add up and makes
affordable housing projects difficult. The site and design process is one that
we have in the City today where one goes to the Planning Commission, to
the Architectural Review Board, and then to the City Council for review.
What we're proposing—that process could take 8 months if everything goes
well. What we're proposing is a process where one goes to the Architectural
Review Board and then there's an appeal process that exists if it needs to
                                                                        Page 70 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
