                         TRANSCRIPT
Resolutions and comments of the outgoing Council Members? First, we're
going to ask people to read the Resolutions. We will do Council Member
Berman first. I will read Council Member Berman's. First of all Marc, I want
to tell you before I read your Resolution we're really going to miss you up
here. It's been a real pleasure serving with you. I'm really glad that you
realized your dream of going to the Assembly. I know you're going to make
us proud and do a great job there. Mayor Scharff read the Resolution into
the record. Now, we'll go to Council Members, if you wish to make any
comments regarding Marc. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to thank Council Member Berman
or rather Assembly Member Berman for being a friend, a mentor, a
Colleague for the last two years that we've served on Council together. We
didn't always agree. We did frequently, but we didn't always. I appreciated
your candor in private and your courtesy in public through all of those
agreements and disagreements. You've served as a good example and
reminder to myself to remember to bite my tongue once in a while but to
speak my mind when it's important. I appreciate that. I think those are
important lessons for all of us. I know that you'll take those skills to
Sacramento, where you'll continue to serve us well. I know that you'll be a
friend to Palo Alto and to the region, helping us address, as we've discussed
tonight, not only our local issues but our regional issues, where we'll send
Liz to tell you that we need some help. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Marc, why don't you come and stand at the mike?
Nobody can see you, and that's important. Working with Marc has been a
real pleasure. Rather than tout all of the things you've done here, I was
going to tell them a little about your background. Former Mayor Shepherd is
here tonight, and she told me once that you had decided in the eighth grade
you were going to run for State office. You started planning then. I think
that's probably true. I know you went through high school; you were
president of your class.       You continued in leadership roles.    I would
commend you. I remember two years ago when you said, "I'm going to be
running for Assembly, and I'm going to start now." For anyone who wants
to run for public office, I would suggest start early, run hard, engage your
entire family if possible, and hope for a great outcome. You did that. I want
to applaud your tenacity, your perseverance and also indicate that when we
come to Sacramento we expect a great deal of care and attention. Thanks,
Marc.

Marc Berman, State Assembly Member: Thank you, Liz.


                                                                        Page 11 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/03/17
