                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Council Member, I might add      that's exactly right. I think the
interest there was also to create an       opportunity for those types of
businesses to get established without      going through a more rigorous
conditional use permit process, which      would be the alternative if we
considered a commercial recreation use.

Council Member Filseth: Finally, one of the speakers commented on the 25-
percent issue. He said that actually CVS and Whole Foods would be in
violation of that. Do you know if that's true?

Ms. Eisberg: No. I believe that would be an incidental—in that case, if it's a
Whole Foods and there's an office in the back for the Whole Foods, it's not a
separate tenant. It's an incidental use to the retail use or the food service
use in the front versus leasing to a separate office tenant in the ground
floor.

Council Member Filseth: The provision is specifically for subleases?

Mr. Lait: In the Code before the interim Ordinance, you could use the rear
25 percent of the tenant space for an office use, for instance. That was
eliminated with the interim Ordinance. It's also proposed to be eliminated
with the Ordinance that's before you. We make some comments about that
in the Staff Report, about some of the opticians and people who might want
to use some of that space for that. I believe the speaker was also talking
about some other aspects related to the design requirements.         Those
probably would not be in compliance with the window transparency
requirements that we're proposing.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Chop, we're going through this
together again. Thank everyone for coming tonight, for expressing what the
concerns are. To Council Member Kou's points about the 70,000 square feet
of retail lost, those were numbers I was given also by Staff a couple of years
ago. That square footage was lost between 2008 and 2015. Just a little bit
of background here. Before we applied the ground-floor retail protections to
the block of Emerson between Hamilton and Forest, we lost Fraiche, which
had to move. That became office. We lost a shoe store there; it was sort of
a nonprofit shoe store sort of thing. We lost that to office, and we lost the
cleaners at 204 Forest at Emerson. We lost that also to office. We also
have—I don't remember if it was this packet or the packet before—a report
from the Auditor that Palo Alto's overall sales and use tax revenues for the
first quarter of 2016 increased by about $273,000 or 4.6 percent compared
                                                                       Page 62 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
