                          TRANSCRIPT
have for support for the ground-floor retail. To eliminate this now, I think, is
greatly premature.

Mayor Scharff: Do you want to speak?

Vice Mayor Kniss: You've got to vote. You've got an Amendment there.

Mayor Scharff: I meant to the Amendment. Let's vote on this. That fails on
a 6-3 Motion with Council Members Kniss, Tanaka and Fine voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Fine, Kniss, Tanaka yes

Council Member Tanaka: That's all.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: We have been sitting here now for several hours. We've
certainly gotten down into the nitty gritty of this. I'd like to come way back
up again. This covers the entire City, Citywide start to finish. This puts into
place controls for the entire City, and I'm not comfortable there. If there's
support for an amendment to separate this from the Downtown section,
which is one that has been well vetted in the past, in '09 and so forth, and
not include the rest of the Ordinance that is the one size fits all for the rest
of our entire community, I would put that forth as an Amendment if I get a
second.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine is seconding it.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Yes, I saw that.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Fine
to add to the Motion, “limit application of the Ordinance to Downtown.”

Mayor Scharff: You may …

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'll continue on with that. I'm really troubled. We had
kind of an empty chamber tonight, but we had a very full chamber with a
number of people who are in retail telling us what works in retail. We are
busy writing now the manual for the people who have run retail in this
community for a number of years, numbers of years. As I said, I can live
with the Downtown, but having the rest of the City under one Ordinance just
makes me not only uneasy but it seems to fly in the face of common sense.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.



                                                                        Page 110 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
