                          TRANSCRIPT
we can keep our 911 lines free for imminent life-safety emergencies. City
Staff is working in close coordination with Caltrans, as this photo was taken
off of our City's website, and other agencies to monitor and respond to
evolving conditions. We'll continue to update the Council as well as use
other communications, social media channels, with the latest storm
information as they develop. With regard to Edgewood Plaza, this morning
there was an administrative hearing earlier with the Hearing Officer, Lance
Bayer, conducting an administrative hearing on Sandhill Property's appeal of
the citations levied against them for violations of the Planned Community
Ordinance requiring provision of a grocery store at Edgewood Plaza.
Mr. Bayer accepted evidence and arguments from representatives of both
Edgewood Plaza and the City as well as neighborhood residents and
members of the press in attendance to listen in. Among the arguments
advanced by Sandhill Property's legal representatives were arguments based
on the wording of the applicable PC Ordinances, administrative citations, and
the City's ability to increase penalties as well as the property owner's efforts
to locate a new grocery tenant. Parties agreed to continue the hearing for
several weeks in all likelihood before concluding the hearing about 4:00 p.m.
today. When the hearing process is over, Mr. Bayer will have 30 days to
render a decision, which is then subject to judicial review. A couple more
transportation notes, one relating to VTA's Next Network.           The public
comment period for VTA's Next Network planning effort ends next Monday,
February 20th. City Staff has drafted two letters that we'll be sending to the
General Manager, Nuria Fernandez, this week, one on behalf of the City
Manager and one from the Mayor to reflect prior discussions from the
Council. We will provide copies of these letters with the Council Members
and believe you'll agree that they capture the substantive issues that were
discussed at your Study Session on January 23rd. As discussed at that
Study Session, we hope those of you who represent the City with VTA bodies
will also find opportunities to communicate concerns at upcoming meetings.
With regard to Caltrain modernization funding, another transportation issue
that has recently become news is the funding and some discussion among
Congressional members of Caltrain electrification.         We understand this
funding has been threatened in Washington based upon input from the
California Republican members of Congress. Staff will be crafting a letter to
the new Secretary of Transportation voicing the City's support for the
electrification project as a prerequisite for expanding capacity along the
Caltrain line and more frequent service along the corridor. Finally, with all
kinds of issues both nature and the like, weather permitting, there will be
Santa Clara County vector control district activities this week potentially with
application of a biological control agent and insect growth regulator by
helicopter in certain marshes of the coastal areas of the county, currently
planned for this Thursday, February 16th, to reduce the emergence of adult
mosquitoes. The treatments are scheduled to start at approximately 7:30
                                                                         Page 33 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
