                          TRANSCRIPT
boundary to strengthen the retail core, others thought it was overly
prescriptive and unnecessary. Similarly, many stakeholders tended to favor
more flexibility in finding tenants based on current market conditions and
expressed concerns about potential vacancies as a result of the Ordinance.
The Planning Commission met twice on the topic and was generally split.
Some Commissioners expressed support for the draft Ordinance, specifically
the intent to prevent these conversions of retail space to nonretail uses as a
way to promote vibrancy, particularly Downtown and in other commercial
districts. Other Commissioners objected to the premise to the Ordinance,
that it presented too broad a reach and recommended additional analysis to
focus and refine retail preservation and retail policies that would support
more neighborhood-level analysis. Additionally, several Commissioners were
dissatisfied with the scale of the stakeholder meetings and wanted to see a
broader community outreach effort.             Ultimately, the Commission
recommended approval but asked the Council to direct them to study the
issue further. I'm just going to run through the key points of the Ordinance,
and we can come back to any items that you have questions about. First,
broadening the definition of retail, removing the extensive list of retail uses.
This was intended to respond to the changing nature of retail in Palo Alto,
that's starting to focus more on restaurants and experiences and on
services. Second—this is really the heart of the Ordinance—this continues
the Citywide moratorium on conversions with one notable change. The draft
Ordinance only protects uses that are permitted or conditionally permitted in
the retail zone; whereas, the interim Ordinance protected any retail even if it
was not permitted in the underlying zone. The Ordinance maintains the
economic hardship threshold that requires documentation of an
unconstitutional taking but also provides an opportunity to consider an
alternate, viable, active use. The proposed revisions for expanding the GF
district purposes is intended to capture the contribution of architectural
forms, such as transparency, pedestrian orientation, that create a vibrant
commercial district. In terms of Downtown, the draft Ordinance continues
the interim urgency Ordinance provision to restrict the conversion of
basements but only in the Downtown GF CD-C district. Also in Downtown,
there are a number of modifications to the design standards in the GF
district. One, restricting dance, art, and fitness studios from locating on
University Avenue; removing the provision that allows 25 percent of the
ground-floor area not fronting on the street from being used as office or
other nonretail use; and then requiring clear glass or a low E glass
transparency; requiring 70 percent of any sidewalk-fronting façade to have
transparent window and door openings; and prohibiting window coverings
during business hours. I'm going to run through a series of maps. The
Ordinance also proposes to modify the GF boundary on Alma Street and
Hamilton Avenue. This is intended to expand the Downtown core where
ground-floor retail would be required. This is the proposed map, and we'll
                                                                         Page 43 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
