                         TRANSCRIPT
I.    Direct Staff to allow in the RT-35 District on properties with frontage
      on Alma Street between Channing Avenue and Lincoln Avenue to be
      replaced by a private education facility. Property owners would be
      prohibited from converting a discontinued retail use to a private school
      and then to office.

Mayor Scharff: Are we ready to vote on the main Motion? I don't want to
cut anyone off if anyone else had anything else. I don't see any lights, so
let's vote on the main motion. That passes on a 6-3 vote with Council
Members Kniss, Tanaka and Fine voting no. That ends that item.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-3 Fine, Kniss, Tanaka no

15.   Adoption of a Resolution Amending Resolutions 9473 and 9577 to
      Continue the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Program
      With Minor Modifications and Finding the Action Exempt From the
      California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

Mayor Scharff: Now, we have Council Member Questions, Comments and
Announcements, if any.

Council Member Filseth: Do we need a Motion to continue the (crosstalk)?

Mayor Scharff: Yes, we do. We do. I'll make the Motion—is it all right if I
make the Motion or not? I'm conflicted out, so I don't know. Why doesn't
someone else make the motion or do you care?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'll make the (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: We've got to take oral communications. I should leave.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: As I understood it, the Council's intention was
to call the item and allow anyone who wished to speak tonight to do so.

Mayor Scharff: First of all, I have to say I'm going to recuse myself from
this item because I own property in the Downtown district.

Mayor Scharff left the meeting at 12:20 A.M.

Vice Mayor Kniss: That takes us to Item Number 15. This would be the
adoption of a Resolution amending two Resolutions to continue the
Downtown Residential Parking Program. Is there anyone—I'm not going to
ask for comments from Staff. I'm simply going to say that if you have
stayed and you want to speak on this item tonight, you are more than
welcome to. If not, it will be continued to a date certain or uncertain?

                                                                      Page 125 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
