                          TRANSCRIPT
earthquake, the small local dental providers can provide some emergency
services. All of our employees as well as doctors are all skilled in basic life
support. The Evergreen Park community needs to keep this in mind, that we
are there ultimately as healthcare providers. We are there for their benefit,
to serve their better health. Thanks for your consideration.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Reza to be followed by Jeff Shadowa [phonetic].

Reza Riahi: Good evening. I'm an endodontist in the City of Palo Alto, and
I'm also the immediate past president of the Mid-Peninsula Dental Society.
We're here with a group of our colleagues who are deeply concerned about
the RPP as it is written. I'm going to ask them to stand up because some of
them are not going to be speaking. These are the dentists that provide
health for the members of this community, for thousands and thousands of
residents in Palo Alto. You've heard some of the concerns, and I've spoken
before you in the past. This is not just for the dentists. This goes with all
the healthcare providers, which obviously some of them are not here. We all
have difficulty attracting proper employees to our practices, because they
travel long distances. Every office you talk to is looking for new employees
all the time. Besides paying the highest wages in the Bay Area, we can't
attract enough staff. That also puts most of our staff above the medium
priority level. They don't even qualify for the lower fee or getting priority in
getting a sticker. The dental practices generally don't really grow over the
years. Most of us buy a retiring dentist and we take over. The practices
aren't growing that much; we're not adding that many employees. We're
not really actively involved in the congestion that you're seeing. We would
like to ask for a consideration that's separate from the businesses as
healthcare providers to continue to have access to parking for our
employees. We've talked about most of us do have parking in our facilities,
but we give that up to the patients because some of them are even sedated
after treatment.      They cannot be walking down the street.          I really
appreciate you listening to us tonight. I hope you'll allow us to have a
special consideration. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Jeff Shadowa to be followed by Stan Bee-La-Itz.

Stan Bee-La-Itz: Good evening. I'm actually the second guy, Dr. Stan Bee-
La-Itz. Jeff is one of our neighbors and friends, and he had to leave earlier
and didn't realize that this meeting was going to go as long as I'm sure most
of us haven't. I just wanted to quickly introduce myself. I'm Dr. Stan Bee-
La-Itz. I work on El Camino and Park Avenue. I'm also on your Mid-
Peninsula Dental Society Board, and I do a lot of outreach programs as a
part of it, so very involved with the community. I just want to shed a little
bit of light on my practice. I would say that most of my patients come from

                                                                         Page 84 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
