                          TRANSCRIPT
Now, what we're trying to do is codify a practice by which the Director does
have that authority to do it.

Council Member Filseth: You're saying the Director has the authority to do it
now, but the mechanism is to classify something as other uses?

Mr. Lait: I guess what I'm saying is the Code specifically clear about giving
the Director the authority to waive loading zones. We've done, but there's
no provision in the Code that explicitly states that. What we're trying to do
through a variety of these amendments is align practice with Code. As you
know, there's been a lot of conversation about the plain reading of the Code.

Council Member Filseth: If I understand what you said—I'm going to start
asking what's the default if we don't approve this. Your answer is there is
no default.

Mr. Lait: The default would be ambiguity but also a variance, which is not
necessarily the standard that one might want to apply to a loading zone
issue.

Council Member Filseth: It would require a variance.

Mr. Lait: Right. What we're talking about here is in part urban design
concepts. I think we mentioned in the Staff Report the space dimension for
a loading zone. That could have a significant effect on how one designs a
building on a site. There may not be any physical constraint with a property,
which is the standard for a variance, but there may be some other City
objectives where we'd want to allow for that waiver. If there are other
loading zones nearby, if there's an alley or some other convenient use or
even just modifying the dimensions so there not such a space constraint.

Council Member Filseth:   Are we doing comments or just questions in this
round?

Mayor Scharff: You can do comments as well.

Council Member Filseth: The reason to have a Loading Zone Code is so that
trucks don't block up the street while they're unloading and loading. We're
talking about the process by which we grant an exemption for that. You can
look at it the other way, which is maybe the applicant needs to build a
project which isn't too big for its loading zone capacity. The process for
deciding those things seems like the burden ought to be on the applicant. If
we don't have this in Codes, then everything is discretionary, and that
means it's sort of done by …


                                                                      Page 60 of 102
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/27/17
