                          TRANSCRIPT
tax. That will in turn help our City coffer, our schools, and our park. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff:     Thank you.     Cheryl Lilienstein to be followed by Vita
Borgunova.

Cheryl Lilienstein: In looking through the Staff Report, there is direction
that says where new projects are built abutting existing, lower-scale
residential development, care shall be taken to respect the scale and privacy
of neighboring properties through transitions of development intensity from
higher density development building types to building types that are
compatible with lower-intensity, surrounding uses. Massing and orientation
of buildings that respect and mirror the massing of neighboring structures by
stepping back upper stories to transition to smaller-scale buildings including
setbacks and daylight planes, etc.         Respecting privacy of neighboring
structures with windows and upper-floor balconies positioned so they
minimize views into neighboring properties. Minimizing sightlines into and
from neighboring properties. Limit sun and shade impacts on abutting
properties. In looking at the Shadow Study that was produced by—who was
that? Something ending with E-K. I forget. You can see that on the left
here that's what it looks like today. That's the shadow. With the building
proposed going in, that shadow is certainly going to be a lot different.
Michael, can you get me to the shadow slides? The proposal shows the
upper part. The upper schematic is what the situation would be at the
winter solstice at 3:00 p.m., given the present condition. That's where the
shadow is. The lower slide shows where the shadow will be if this building is
allowed to be built as is. It certainly intrudes all the way over the yoga
studio and also into the front yards and the front faces and the roofs,
although it doesn't show it, of the buildings across Kipling. This is at 9:00
a.m. What does it do at 9:00 a.m.? Again, the upper slide shows where the
building casts a shadow today and where that shadow would be cast if the
building is allowed to be built. This is obviously not taking into consideration
the quality of life for the people, the alleyway, the pedestrians, and the
residents who are living alongside. It's really not compatible. I would like
this to be sent back to the ARB. I wish that the requirements that the City
Council established in 2016 were something that the applicant had
responded to instead of just giving you another version of the same thing.
Thank you.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you very much. The next speaker will be
Vita Borgunova, to be followed by Mark Mollineaux.

Vita Borgunova: Hello again. I'm resident of Everett Avenue, about three
blocks from the proposed project.    I'm here to support an appeal of

                                                                          Page 40 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
