                          TRANSCRIPT
questions. For me, it's a question of can people get where they need to go,
do they have mobility, and are we reducing traffic, congestion management.
For me, those are the two primary drivers. You look at fare box recovery for
Palo Alto shuttle; it's zero because it's free. Look at fare box recovery for
the Marguerite, which I think we should look to as Josh and others in our
Planning Department are looking to improve our Palo Alto City shuttle. We
can look to the Marguerite as a very effective, successful, essentially local
bus program, local shuttle program. It's fare box recovery is zero because
it's free. Again, I'm not sure that fare box recovery is the most important
metric.    Of course, you do need to get the money somewhere.                  I
understand. The goals with the Marguerite and the Palo Alto shuttle are
mobility and congestion management. Those remain my primary concerns
and interests for VTA as well. As VTA continues to explore things like the
Core Connectivity Study and like the flex program that you've launched in
north San Jose, which is another example of good innovation and good
experimentation, if the funding model needs to change so that you can
continue moving in a direction of supporting mobility, especially for people
who are on fixed incomes or transit-dependent and improving congestion
management, if you need to change the funding model, let us know how we
can continue to help. We were obviously very supportive of the recent ballot
measure. If there is other things we need to do, let us know. You talked
about how you have these inherent tradeoffs and how you can't do one more
and do the other more. The caveat to that is you can't do one more and the
other more at the current funding. This goes both ways. Let us know and
give us feedback how we can support you as you continue to focus on things
like that Core Connectivity Study. I will say it'll be good to hear that as that
comes back, and that along with this will inform our decisions on our local
City shuttle and how we improve that, rebrand that, etc. I want to reiterate
for members of the public and for my colleagues the date that was
mentioned by you and reiterated by Vice Mayor Kniss. February 20th is the
last date. Do you need comments on the 20th or before the 20th.

Mr. Burger: We'll accept comments on the 20th.

Council Member Wolbach: Get them in soon. As you guys mentioned at the
Policy Advisory Committee meeting, I just want to implore everybody to get
your comments in. I do appreciate that you are taking those comments. I
trust that you are taking them very seriously. I'll also add my voice to those
pointing out that potential riders have not really been studied. I hope that
changes in the future. When we're looking at the numbers of increased
access, increased ridership, decreased access, etc., the numbers that we're
looking at right now are among current ridership. The demand for mobility
and the demand for congestion management are much, much higher than
the current pool of VTA riders. I know you guys acknowledge that, so I
                                                                         Page 18 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
