                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: Yeah.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Fine to
add to the Motion, “remove Section 18.04.030(125.1)(K).” (New Part F)

Vice Mayor Kniss: Which one are you on? Where are you?

Mayor Scharff: I'm on Packet Page 430, and I'm eliminating …

Vice Mayor Kniss: On the top.

Mayor Scharff: Yes. Eliminating "K." As I said, this is really nebulous.
There's a lot of automotive-related stuff that you may or may not want to
preserve. It's a real hardship on the landowner to call that retail. The
Vance Brown is the poster child for this. It's not a good retail location. It's
way down Park Boulevard. He got caught up in stuff. I don't think that
makes any sense.

Council Member Fine: What the Mayor said.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kniss, did you want to speak?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I think this speaks exactly to what I said 5 minutes ago.
We are now rewriting what's in here already. We're going to continue doing
that because we have said tonight that we know what's good for this City for
the next 10 years. Anything that's retail now, unless it comes back just as
you've done now and it will have to do that, that's the only way we can
change it.

Mayor Scharff: Can we vote on the board?         That passes on an 8-1 with
Council Member Holman voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-1 Holman no

Mayor Scharff: The next one, which Council Member Wolbach did mention,
was automobile service stations. I am a little torn on this frankly. The
question is do we want to say if it's a gas station, it has to remain a gas
station. I don't think we do. I think it's an individual choice. To me, it
doesn't make sense, and I come down—I move that we eliminate "J."

Vice Mayor Kniss: Second.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to add
to the Motion, “remove Section 18.04.030(125.1)(J).” (New Part G)

Mayor Scharff: Do you want to speak to the second?
                                                                       Page 112 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
