                    ACTION MINUTES
MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:                    Council Member Fine moved,
seconded by Council Member Wolbach to direct Staff to conduct public
outreach and work with the Planning and Transportation Commission and
the Finance Committee to refine recommendations related to the
introduction of various parking management strategies in Downtown Palo
Alto, and return with various phasing, finance, and implementation plans for
the Council’s consideration in the fall of 2017; and

A.    Direct Staff to coordinate paid parking in Downtown Palo Alto pricing
      with Residential Preferential Permit Parking (RPP) Programs, garage
      permit pricing, and lot permit pricing.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

12.   Staff Recommendation to Approve Sending a Letter Supporting the
      State's Latest Regional Traffic Relief Plan.

MOTION:     Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to:

A.    Authorize the Mayor to sign a letter to the state legislative Bay Area
      Caucus supporting the most recent iteration of the Regional Measure
      supporting a Regional Traffic Relief Plan; and

B.    Authorize the Mayor to sign future letters to elected officials, as
      needed and after City Manager approval, concerning this Reginal
      Measure.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Holman requested Staff consider reopening the comment
period regarding the scope of the Environmental Impact Report for Castilleja
School’s request to expand enrollment and redevelop the campus.

James Keene, City Manager acknowledged this request.

Council Member Wolbach expressed his appreciation to the Mayor, City
Manager, and facilitators at the Council Governance Retreat this past Friday
and Saturday.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:07 P.M.

                                                                           Page 5 of 5
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 4/11/17
