                    ACTION MINUTES
D.   Transportation investments would be those listed in the Staff Report,
     subject to additional review and refinement when the Transportation
     Element returns to Council on May 1; and

E.   Additional Zoning Code amendments and policies advancing
     sustainability measures would be those listed in the Staff Report,
     subject to additional review and refinement when the Land Use
     Element returns to Council on May 1.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Wolbach no

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Scharff reported that there are a number of bills in the State
legislature that impact housing and potentially impact local control. He
requested Council schedule an agenda item to discuss these bills.

James Keene, City Manager advised that he will work with the Mayor to
schedule such an agenda item.

Mayor Scharff supposed that the Association of Bay Area Governments
(ABAG) may take a stance of some of these bills.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member DuBois shared his appreciation of Robert De Geus, Peter
Jensen, and James Reifschneider for their attendance at the Barron Park
Annual Meeting and their presentations regarding Community Services and
Police services.

Vice Mayor Kniss reported her attendance at the National League of Cities
Congressional City Conference in Washington, D.C. She and several Council
colleagues met with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). She shared
that the Conference is a great opportunity to interact with officials from
around the country. She reported a general sense of negativity towards
California. She shared her appreciation at having the opportunity to attend
the Conference and that there was significant discussion about changes that
may be made by the current administration.

Council Member Wolbach announced that he also attended the Conference
and encouraged other Council Members to participate in the future. He felt
that meeting with the FAA was helpful regarding airplane noise. He shared
his hopes that Caltrain electrification funding becomes available, that relief
from airplane noise becomes a reality, and that funding for the upstream
portions of the San Francisquito Creek project becomes available. He

                                                                           Page 7 of 8
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 03/20/17
