                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Greg Tseng to be followed by Becky Sanders.

Greg Tseng: Hi, I'm Greg Tseng. Nice to meet you all. I am a practicing
dentist in Palo Alto; I'm also a resident of Palo Alto. We also own our
property Downtown. I've been here since the 1960s. I met my wife at
Jordan. We went together at Paly, went to Stanford, came back to this area
after dental school. We've been here a long time. One of the things that we
want to make known is that we provide a real service to the community.
Over the years since '81, I've had elementary school kids fall on the
playground, basketball injuries, teeth knocked out, swimming pool injuries,
basketball, all kinds of injuries. These teeth need implantation back in
immediately; they can't wait or they lose the tooth. We've had 80-year-olds
trip on the sidewalks; we've had bathroom accidents. They need the
emergency treatment immediately. If we can't be in Palo Alto, I'm not sure
how we can properly take care of our patients. A lot of the patients are our
neighbors and friends. I think we should be able to—especially since I own
property Downtown, it seems like I should be able to at least get as many
permits as the residents get. We're Downtown; we've paid our properties.
We're integral members of the community. I think we do quite a service for
them. Also, I'm not sure if you know. When patients go to Stanford
emergency room and they have dental problems, they are not addressed.
They are sent back to their dentists. If you're in pain, you need something
attended to immediately, you don't want to be driving down to Mountain
View, to wherever you have to go to try and find dental care. I think it's
something that hopefully you can take into consideration. Appreciate that.
I'm not much of a public speaker, but I thought I needed to come out and
voice my opinions. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.     Becky Sanders to be followed by Karen
Machado.

Becky Sanders: Good evening, Council Members. Thank you for your
service. I want to acknowledge Tim Mulcahy, my dentist. Reza, I think
you've done some work on me as well. I feel your pain; I really do. I want
you to stay as well. I do want to call out that that's a good point. I want to
say yeah, I hear you. Great workers. I live on Margarita Avenue in Ventura.
I, however, totally empathize and sympathize with my brothers and sisters
in Evergreen and Mayfield because I see the parking impacts every day
where I live and also over there because I'm a frequent visitor to those
neighborhoods. North Ventura essentially has already become a heavy
parking lot for businesses already. As I go about my neighborhood, I
regularly witness people parking, getting their bikes off the rack, hopping on
the bikes and then driving away for 10 hours. I have a neighbor who
actually asked someone who always parked in front of her house, "Why do
                                                                       Page 86 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
