                         TRANSCRIPT
schedule a contractor to perform the abatement. If we then still have to
actually perform the abatement, it's the cost of the abatement plus $434 to
cover our costs because I'm here tonight as I am in several other
jurisdictions. There is a lot of work involved in what we have to do to ensure
that we're, one, dealing with the correct property owner, which is part of
what I said we would take care of, making sure we weren't in the wrong
spot, and to run through the process of being able to help people in case,
like I said, there could be a misunderstanding or any of those things that we
would like to address and make sure that we're accurate.

Council Member Kou: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: With that, seeing no further lights, I will move the Staff
recommendation which is to adopt the attached Resolution, Attachment A,
ordering the abatement of weed nuisances in the City of Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to
adopt a Resolution ordering the abatement of weed nuisances in the City of
Palo Alto.

Mayor Scharff: Second by Council Member Holman. If we could vote on the
board. That passes unanimously with Vice Mayor Kniss absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mayor Scharff: I forgot to mention that Vice Mayor Kniss wanted me to say
that the reason she is absent is she has a family emergency that she needed
to take care of. That's why she's not here tonight.

11.   PUBLIC HEARING: 429 University Avenue [14PLN-00222]:                To
      Consider a Continued Appeal of the Director of Planning and
      Community Environment’s Architectural Review Approval of a 31,407
      Square-foot, Four Story, Mixed use Building With Parking Facilities on
      two Subterranean Levels on an 11,000 Square-foot Site.
      Environmental Assessment: the Mitigated Negative Declaration was
      Circulated November 17, 2014 to December 12, 2014.             Zoning
      District: CD-C (GF)(P). The Council Previously Considered This Appeal
      on November 30, 2015 and Remanded it to the Architectural Review
      Board for Redesign and Further Review Based on Council’s Direction.

Mayor Scharff:   Now, we're moving onto Item Number 11.          We are
approximately 30 minutes behind schedule already. Does Staff have—let me
go through a couple of things first. I knew we had something. A couple of
                                                                        Page 27 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
