                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to adopt a Resolution approving the issuance of the bonds by the
California Municipal Finance Authority (CMFA) for the benefit of Channing
House (Borrower).

Mayor Scharff: Moved by Council Member Filseth, Staff recommendation,
seconded by Council Member Wolbach. If we could vote on the board. That
passes on an 8-0 vote with Vice Mayor Kniss not currently present.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss not participating

16.   PUBLIC HEARING: Comprehensive Plan Update: Public Hearing on the
      Supplement to the Draft Environmental Impact Report and Revised
      Fiscal Study; Council Discussion and Direction to Staff Regarding a
      Preferred Planning Scenario; and Council Discussion and Direction to
      Staff Regarding the Organization of the Comprehensive Plan.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we move on to Item 16, which is the Comp Plan
discussion. We have a Staff Report. As soon as you're ready.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm joined by Elaine Costello, our project manager on this project.
We will shortly be joined by Joanna Jensen from our consultant, PlaceWorks.
She's on the road. Tonight, we're here to talk about the Comprehensive
Plan Update, which we have done, as you know, many times. Specifically,
this evening we're asking the Council to conduct a public hearing and receive
comments on the supplement to the Draft EIR. We are also hoping the
Council will assist us in identifying a preferred scenario for description in the
Final EIR. We've provided some recommendations on that based on your
direction to Staff on January 30th and earlier. No final decision on anything
is really going to be made tonight. This is for the purpose of gathering
comments and direction on what should be in the Final EIR, not a final
decision on what should be in the Comp Plan. We're also hoping this
evening that we can clarify and receive additional direction from the Council
on placement of programs in the Comprehensive Plan Update. In terms of
some background, you all know that this process to update the Comp Plan
started back in 2008. We've been going through a long series of twists and
turns on the road. We're now at the point in the process where the Council
is reviewing and refining the work products of the Citizens Advisory
Committee, and we are concurrently undertaking the CEQA review process.
It's really that CEQA review process that we're focusing on this evening
when we talk about the supplement to the Draft EIR and the preferred
                                                                             Page 13 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
