                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: As we consider this, the key is what's going to be
the benefit to residents of a rezoning here. The priorities for residents tend
to continually be traffic, parking, and the cost of housing here. On traffic,
it's probably a negative. Basically any time you add people you add more
traffic. Parking, as we'll hear more about later this evening I'm sure, the
City's parking Ordinances, not everybody in town has full confidence in
them, so we're not sure exactly what to do with that. As far as the cost of
housing here, it's an unknown at the moment. The arguments in favor of
this that we've heard so far are intensification and density. I haven't yet
seen a compelling benefit to residents of Palo Alto why the up-zoning makes
sense. I would be delighted to support a high-quality project that meets
existing zoning. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think the first and most important thing about
any future project on this site is that it's properly parked, whatever happens
with the zoning. It's no secret that I'm probably as in favor of more housing
in Palo Alto as anyone on the Council. I'm not excited about changing the
zoning for this location. I'm not 100 percent sure I'm against it, but I'm not
really excited about it. I haven't heard a compelling case yet in favor of
encouraging this project to move forward as it's been proposed. It's not
near real transit. I know we talk about El Camino as a transit corridor. I
was on the Policy Advisory Board for El Camino Real Bus Rapid Transit. We
struggled to, even among that Board, even recommend a pilot of a very
toned down vision for Bus Rapid Transit along El Camino Real. While I'd love
to see El Camino be a more efficient and effective transit corridor in the
future, I'm still not sure how we're going to get there and what that would
look like in the future and how we can do that in a way that helps
congestion. That's the transit context that we're looking at. I do know that
this is in the triangle area. It's considered one of the potential future nodes
for greater intensity of use, but I think that's something that's further down
the line. Improving congestion and transportation in that area is something
I'm going to need to see at least a path towards. That's not something that
you guys, the applicant, is going to be able to do, but I think I'm going to
need to see more of a path towards that before I get instantly excited about
greater intensity of use at a site, at a location like this. That's just from the
traffic and the transportation side of things. Five years from now, 10 years
from now, that might have changed. We might have something on El
Camino that moves people more efficiently; at that point, I might be more
open to that. You guys are bringing forward a proposal now, so that's what
we're looking at. As far as the density compared to the neighbors, the
proposal here is certainly much more dense than the neighbors right behind
you. You did point out and it is true that there are other locations not far
                                                                         Page 25 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
