                            TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. The point about the relation of the
program to the policies is really important. The original action was pretty
late at night, and maybe we were a little bit quick to do that. I'm glad to
see we're going to revisit that. These Comp Plan issues are such long-term
impacts that we really need to think carefully through stuff that affects the
Comp Plan. I'm glad to see this happening.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Council Member
Wolbach, for this. Obviously, we did act a bit rashly. We heard loud and
clear from the community. That's democracy in action, isn't it? It's
important to underline what our intent was when we made this Motion and
voted on it after midnight a month and a half ago. As I understood it, I
think our intent was to streamline the programs and at times eliminate
redundancies or programs which may have been out of step with their
policies. I was pretty interested in Co-Chair Garber's comment about what
role the CAC should play going forward. We have an opportunity right now
to help them support this community and the Council to move forward. It is
important for the CAC to make sure that programs do support the policies,
that each program within those policies is supporting it, and we're not going
beyond that. It's also important to prioritize them. The word infeasible is
helpful in some ways. There are certain programs that we'd love to see
done, but they may not be feasible in Palo Alto at this time. We should note
that and perhaps remove them if so. Finally, to Vice Mayor Kniss' point
about the number of programs, one of our reasons for thinking of shifting
where these programs are is the sheer number of them and what burden
that caused Staff. If the CAC would be aware of that as well, that's an
important consideration. Otherwise, I'd be happy to support this.

Mayor Scharff: With that, let's vote—Council Member Wolbach, you've
spoken once. Is it really short?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah.

Mayor Scharff: Go for it.

Council Member Wolbach: I haven't heard any suggestions. As I indicated
before, I'd be open to amendments because I have heard some concerns.
We heard tonight concerns from some CAC members about the process, the
stickering process that has been tried in the CAC, where they each provide a
priority or try to identify their favorite programs within each element.
There's a lot of consternation about whether that was the right process or
                                                                          Page 49 of 91
                                                           Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 03/20/17
