                          TRANSCRIPT
following the rules. It should be something that should be allowed. That's
pretty much all I have to say about it. Thanks for your time.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.    Meredith Slaughter to be followed by Nikoo
Namazian.

Meredith Slaughter: Good evening. My name is Meredith Slaughter, and
I'm a resident of Downtown Palo Alto. I want to make three points tonight.
The first has to do with the project site's close proximity to public transit,
both the Caltrain station and the Lytton Avenue bus route. These close
proximities make the project and other sites along University as well ideal
for mixed-use design and to high-density uses. By building up and varying
the land uses within a single project site, we are going to decrease the
reliance on the automobile. The second thing I want to talk about tonight or
to suggest to the Council is that, when you're considering the compatibility
and context-based criteria under the Plan or the Code, the most appropriate
application considers not only the existing uses of the immediate
environment or the adjacent properties or the abutting properties,
depending on the provision that applies, but also the potential uses under
the Code. The project site is in the Downtown commercial district. Under
the General Plan, it is in the regional center. It is considered a prime area
for this type of development. Moreover, Kipling Street, as the appellant has
made clear many times, is apparently the narrowest street in Downtown
Palo Alto. That makes it even more compatible with a mixed-use, high-
density design because narrower streets are inevitably more pedestrian-
friendly because they encourage fewer automobiles to come down their
travel way. The last thing I want to say tonight is that I hope the Council
will consider the implications for future projects, not just this one but future
projects that are proposed in the area if you deny this one and the
limitations it will place on the City's development. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.     Nikoo Namazian to be followed by Simone
Sadri.

Nikoo Namazian: Hi. My name Nikoo Namazian. I've been resident of Palo
Alto for last 30 years. I live on East Crescent Drive. I like to make it a little
personal here. When we, my husband and I, graduated from college, we
lived in Cambridge, Massachusetts, around Harvard and MIT and so on. We
thought that we live in Cambridge, Massachusetts, forever. When the
opportunity to came up and we moved to Silicon Valley and then we chose
Palo Alto as our residence, we thought we would miss Cambridge, but we
didn't. We never missed that place. This City has a unique and beautiful
character. It has been great community to raise my daughter, my only
child. This new wave of generation is trying to get to Palo Alto, rent

                                                                          Page 46 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
