                         TRANSCRIPT
submitted a third version, the third being an iteration of Option 1 that added
another approximately 2,600 square feet of additional floor area at the
fourth floor. Option 2 in our discussion is going to be the plan that the
Architectural Review Board recommended denial on. That takes us to the
meeting that we're having here this evening. Just to reorient or familiarize
those unfamiliar with the project site, it is located at the corner of Kipling
Street and University Avenue at 429 University. This is a photograph, the
first one, looking southwest down University. The project site is toward the
right, in the center-right of that photograph. The bottom photograph is
taken from Kipling Street and down Lane 30. This is the area behind the
subject project site. It's looking at the subject property; it's the rear
property line.     On November 30th, the City Council gave Staff clear
direction—we should say that the comments that the City Council had
offered at that point were focused on the context and design compatibility.
The City Council gave specific comments with respect to four Context Based
Design Criteria, which are set forth in the Municipal Code that the Council
felt the project needed to respond to and additional Architectural Review
Board findings. With respect to the Context Based Design Criteria, the
Council was concerned that the proposed project—the contextual and
compatible criteria set forth in the Code regarding the siting, scale, and
mass of the project still needed some work; that the compatibility goal in
relation to the pattern of rooflines and projections still needed to be
evaluated; and that the proposed design, the street building facades needed
some additional work to address the human scale and help break up the
building mass.      With respect to direction from the Council regarding
Architectural Review Board findings, the Council expressed concern about
the compatibility and appropriateness of the materials and textures; felt that
the design's compatibility with the area as having a unified design character
had not been achieved; that the design's compatibility with the immediate
environment still needed to be addressed. With respect to that last point,
this is a line diagram. The top part of the slide is showing the proposed
project in relationship to the adjacent one and two-story buildings along
University Avenue.      The below photograph is a street view of those
properties to the southwest or left of that project site. As viewed from
Kipling, the proposed project separated by an alley from the one-story
building on Kipling. As you continue down Kipling, there is the Victorian
architecture that exists on both sides of the street. The photograph below is
the street view of that one-story building looking toward the subject project
site. Here's a summary of the three options that are presented to the City
Council. Again, Option 1 is the one that Staff believes is most responsive to
prior comments and direction.       It has three residential dwelling units.
Option 2 is the one that was rejected by the Architectural Review Board.
That had five residential units. Option 3 is the plan that was submitted in
December by the applicant. This is their plan that they are putting forth as
                                                                        Page 31 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
