                          TRANSCRIPT
18.   Resolution 9659 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Execute and File an Application on
      Behalf of the City of Palo Alto to the Federal Transit Administration
      (FTA) for the Management of and Participation in a Grant Award to
      Enhance and Evaluate a Comprehensive Technology/Policy Solution
      Called Fair Value Commuting (FVC), Designed to Reduce Traffic
      Congestion.”

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we're back to the Consent Calendar.
There's a Motion to approve the Consent Calendar without Items 9, 11 and
14. If we could please vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

18A. (Former Item No. 11) Policy and Services Committee Recommends the
     City Council Adopt the City's Legislative Program Manual and 2017
     Legislative Priorities.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll move to Item 19A, which is former Item Number
11, which is the Policy and Services Committee recommendation about the
legislative priorities. Council Member Wolbach, you pulled that Item and you
have your light on.

Council Member Wolbach: Two things. I'd basically likely to remove one
Item from Item 11. This is, of course, our legislative priorities that we're
sending to our lobbyists in Sacramento and in Washington, D.C. There's one
Item in our—it's actually tiered into different sections. You'll find this
particularly on Page 298 of our Packet, Attachment 11B, Page 1 of 3. The
highest level is Active Advocacy Items. Letter D regards the minimum wage.
I'll come back to that in a second. I'd like to see that one sent back to Policy
and Services where I think it needs a little bit more discussion before we
establish it as a legislative priority. Also, I would like to add something
under Important Priorities, the next section, an Item H which would basically
reflect the legislative advocacy that would accompany the Resolution that we
passed last month. I've sent sample language to the City Clerk as well. I'd
be happy to discuss each of those in greater detail, but I just wanted to give
that quick preview. (Crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: Was that a Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I'd be happy to make it as a Motion.



                                                                          Page 34 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
