                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: That's right. We analyzed it both ways, so we can have that
discussion.

Council Member DuBois: That was listed specifically in other scenarios. It
wasn't in this report.

Ms. Gitelman:    Understood, and I apologize for that.   We were really
focusing on these investments that the City would make in bringing this
forward. There are investments by other agencies that would affect us. We
can outline those.

Mr. Keene: Really you don't need to amend it. We assume that "D" covers
that, and we're just clarifying that we would bring that back.

Council Member DuBois: May 1st, you'll be prepared to talk about it. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I almost forgot what I was going to bring up.

Mayor Scharff: Don't feel obligated.

Council Member Holman: I've brought this up before, but I'm not the only
that's still a little confused and concerned about the picking and choosing
from one scenario to another. When this comes back—I'm not offering an
Amendment—could Staff please offer a really clear explanation of how you
can pick and choose from one scenario and plunk it into another scenario
and it all make good pudding? There was a second one, but I have—I know
what it was. The other one was if Staff, also when this comes back, could
respond to, assuming the comment was correct, the comment that Jeff
Levinsky made, which was in a letter to MTC or ABAG by the City that 286
units were unachievable due to impacts on neighborhoods. If the City could
respond to that question also when we come back. If 286 are unachievable,
how is it we're looking at …

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Holman, if it's okay, I think we'd like to
respond to that in the Final EIR. I think it was offered as a comment on the
Draft EIR. It would be appropriate to put that response in the Final EIR.
Just briefly, I know the City over the years has done a lot of advocacy at
ABAG about its RHNA numbers. I'm confident that was the context in which
that letter was drafted. We can confirm that. This is a different exercise.
We're not looking at a 7 or 8-year RHNA period; we're looking at a 15-year
or longer Comprehensive Plan. The Council's policy direction has been to


                                                                         Page 87 of 91
                                                          Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 03/20/17
