                          TRANSCRIPT
side of the Bay and to a lot of the big companies out there. I'm not sure I
can support this Motion.

Mayor Scharff: We should vote. That passes the Amendment on a 6-3 vote
with Council Members Kou, Kniss and Filseth voting no.

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Filseth, Kniss, Kou no

Mayor Scharff: I think we're done with housing sites except for—no, I think
we're done with housing sites. What do we have left here? I think the next
thing we have is development requirements and community indicators. I
see Council Member Fine's light on.

Council Member Fine: On the CAC, we had a lot of discussion about this. As
you'll see in the plan, there's actually about two pages of tables, of
development indicators, community indicators. I think some of them are
helpful for our City and our Staff to consider. I don't think they're ready for
flight yet in the Comp Plan. A number of community members actually
wrote in about that. I'll move that we go with Option 3, which would not
address development requirements in the Comp Plan.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct Staff to eliminate from the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan
Update Development Requirements and Community Indicators.

Mayor Scharff: Do you want to speak further to your Motion?

Council Member Fine: I think these indicators do have promise.            I don't
think we're ready to bake them into the Comp Plan.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss. Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Hang on a second.

Ms. Gitelman: Mr. Mayor, can I just make a clarifying question? There are
two things being addressed in this section, development requirements that
would be imposed on new development and community indicators which
would be things we would monitor over time. I'm just trying to understand.
Council Member Fine, the third option would eliminate the development
requirements from the Comp Plan and would maintain this concept of
indicators. Is that right?

Council Member Fine: I'd also like to add "would not address development
requirements and would eliminate the community indicators."
                                                                        Page 74 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
