                          TRANSCRIPT
properties where—there's a property actually right next to my house—not
right next but near, on El Camino and California, which is one of the busiest
intersections in Palo Alto. I think that Radio Shack has been vacant now for
2 years. I don't think we want that. It's important that we have enough
concentration of traffic in an area for retail to be successful.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Again, the properties on Hamilton are all currently
retail, across from retail. It makes sense to me to add those. The other
area on Alma, right across from the train station, is a great area and kind of
fills in this hole here.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'll echo what I said earlier, what Tom said.
Despite what some people argued earlier, a lot of these locations that were
taken out of retail had been retail for many, many years. To say that they
aren't viable retail and shouldn't be retail is just not understanding the
history. The properties that Staff wants to add on Hamilton are currently in
retail purposes. If we accepted this, we wouldn't even be adding those back
in or adding them in period.

Mayor Scharff: I'm going to oppose the Motion as well for the reasons
stated. That fails on a 7-2 Motion with Council Members Kniss and Fine
voting yes. It fails on a 6-3 Motion then.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Fine, Kniss, Tanaka yes

Council Member Fine: One last one, Mr. Mayor, per your discussion about
the restrictions on late-night uses and activities. As we do as a Council and
as a City move towards perhaps exploring increased density of housing
Downtown, we should acknowledge that some of those units will be near
recreational and night uses. People choose to live near that. I'd like to
remove the late-night use and activity restrictions. They're mainly on Page
438. I'd like to delegate that to Staff to figure out.

Mayor Scharff: Are you going to direct it to Staff or are you going to limit it
to Downtown or are you going to limit it to …

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Council Member Fine: Can you repeat that, Cory?

Council Member Wolbach: I was going to say I'll second it if you exempt
Downtown or if you just change it to exempt Downtown or (crosstalk) …
                                                                       Page 105 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
