                          TRANSCRIPT
rather not give a report that has 12 or 13 projects that are red, when at the
start of the year we would know we're not going to be able to do some of
those things. Let's stay more focused. What we're suggesting today is that
you hear from the public, you're going to set your Priorities, and then we
would identify the key projects that you would see wanting to happen under
those Priorities. If you go to the next tab, it says 2017 priority projects. I
don't know if you had a chance to read that. I asked our Staff under the
areas of transportation, housing, the Comp Plan, the Climate Action Plan,
infrastructure and budget and finance to identify a number of issues and
projects, and then to identify the most important for 2017 within those
areas. If you look at this—this is on Page 2 and 3 of that tab. We listed, for
example, six projects under transportation as most important, grade
separation alternative identify. These were the idea of thinking about them
during the course of the year and by the end of the year, an alternative
identify. Secondly, ensuring that the VTA Measure B funds, we're securing
our fair share, positioning ourselves to maximize what we get. Three, we've
got Downtown parking management decisions. We'll be bringing to the
Council this year a set of recommendations and plans to move to pricing
parking in a comprehensive way in the City in order to really manage
demand and facilitate movement to alternate modes and also to generate
funding that could significantly fund the TMA and other issues. Fourth is
bike boulevards. Fifth is shuttle funding. Lastly is the TMA funding and
maturation. I'm not going to go over all these. I'm just using this as an
illustration of what we said. In the area of mobility, we would think at a
minimum these are six things that we really need to get to work on. If you
turn to Page 5 on that report, if you look there, you'll see this piece here
that's got blocks of projects under different topics. The highlighted ones in
gray are the six items that we identified were most critical. That doesn't
mean we're not going to do anything on this other list. It doesn't mean that
there isn't going to be some pop-up issue that comes about during the
course of the year. I'll be honest with you. Seventy-nine or 85 or 100
projects is not comprehensible or strategic or just with priorities by the City
Council. What we were trying to get to—and for the Staff—is to, once you
set your Priorities, that we get in a more focused range of 20, 25 projects
that really matter, one. Two, with you guys taking more ownership over
what those really are in identifying them, if we can do that today. If you
said these are the most, 20, 25, I'm not saying exactly what the number is.
You get too many things there, it becomes less effective. We'll revisit this
when we go through the process. Our thought was you may change some of
the—you may say these aren't quite the right priorities. We've got to figure
out where we go from there. I know a bunch of these things, I'm sure, will
be there based upon your prior feedback. Let's nail down the projects. Mr.
Mayor, you and I have talked about this. To the extent that you could
identify any outcomes that you would want to see by the end of the year—
                                                                         Page 36 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
