                           TRANSCRIPT
Study Session

2.      Update on Stanford University's General Use Plan (GUP) Application to
        Santa Clara County.

This Agenda Item continued to February 27, 2017.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Scharff: Now, we go to Council Member Questions, Comments and
Announcements. Tom, did you put on your light or did I just not turn yours
off?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: It's going to be a little bit noisy I think. Can we
ask the public to move to the lobby? I've actually provided to David
Carnahan something I'm going to be reading. My comments are these. The
Staff bring back to the Council at the earliest opportunity the consideration
of taking the programs out of the body of the Comprehensive Plan. While I
acknowledge that reconsideration of an action is typically made by a
member of the prevailing side, this referenced action had a number of
unusual and far-reaching implications including—these are in no particular
order—(a) no discussion by Council or presentation by Staff as an option;
(b) a radical departure from the Comp Plan work that has been ongoing
since 2008 and most intensively the last 18-24 months; (c) lack of clarity
among at least some Council Members, Staff, and public what happens to
the programs and their influence if other than in the body of the
Comprehensive Plan. Could we ask the public to move to the lobby please?
Could we ask the public to move to the lobby please or lower the tone? (d)
Concern about a show of disrespect for the intensive efforts of members of
the CAC; (e) the manner of voting was not one that supports transparency
or discussion of issues and, while the Chair has discretion on running
meetings, the Comp Plan deserves a consensus discussion around process
given the radical departure from typical procedures. Making policy is not a
lightning-round event. (f) It is further procedurally not clear if we were
actually voting on whether to discuss the various matters or voting on a
Motion to approve the matter. While not part of what I ask here, I am also
greatly concerned about other far-reaching, impactful decisions brought up
                                                                       Page 76 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/6/17
