                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff:   Don't go anywhere yet, because I have to give you the
Proclamation.

Mr. Bains: This is my first time receiving something like this here, so I don't
know the protocol. Forgive me. Thank you for allowing us to serve.

4.    Proclamation of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Honoring Clarence
      B. Jones.

Mayor Scharff: Now, I've asked Vice Mayor Kniss to read the Proclamation
honoring Clarence Jones. Is Clarence Jones—come on up to the podium.

Vice Mayor Kniss: It'll be my great honor to read this to you, Clarence.
Come right up; stand right where Paul stood. It's wonderful to have you
here this evening.    Thank you so much for being here.       This is a
Proclamation honoring Clarence B. Jones. She read the Proclamation into
the record.

Clarence B. Jones: Thank you so much. I never forget that I am the
providential, gratuitous beneficiary of having a relationship with perhaps the
most extraordinary person in the 20th century. I just last month celebrated
my 86th birthday. Dr. King's birthday was always 1 week later on the 15th.
When I teach and I speak around the country, I try to give persons a
summary description that they can take away about this extraordinary
person. He was in the pantheon of the history of our country. I tell them
this, and I tell you this. Hopefully you will remember. In 12 years and 4
months, from 1956 until April 4th, 1968, the date of his assassination in
Memphis, Tennessee, with the exception of the presidency of Abraham
Lincoln and the Emancipation Proclamation of 1863, Martin Luther King Jr.
may have done more to achieve social, racial, political justice and equality
than any other person or event in the previous 400-year history of the
United States of America. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mr. Jones: If I can just say one other—I'm glad to see you here because
when the election was coming up, I kept getting all of these mailings with
your pictures on it. I now am glad to see what you look like in person.
Council Member Fine, I was especially delighted to be with the (inaudible)
you made to see me yesterday at the Temple Beth Am rally refugee run. I
was glad to hear you speak. I listened to you very carefully about your
parents coming from Lithuania, I think I remember. Is that correct? I'm
proud to have been there along with several hundreds if not a thousand
people there yesterday. I am especially proud to see you there and to know

                                                                         Page 5 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
