                         TRANSCRIPT
think they need to be in the Comprehensive Plan. I think the goal of the
Comprehensive Plan is to lay out our values, our vision, our high-level
policies. Specific programs and the implementation, etc., is not the job of
the Comprehensive Plan. We all know that the existing Comprehensive Plan
is too long. The existing Comprehensive Plan has too many programs, some
of which were implemented, some of which weren't. We know the existing
Comprehensive Plan has something in there that everybody can point to, to
justify just about anything. I'm looking to make this Comprehensive Plan,
especially this most important element, short, concise, usable and high level
rather than prescriptive.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the board. That passes …

MOTION FAILED: 4-2-3 DuBois, Kou, no, Filseth, Holman, Scharff abstain

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Council Member Holman: I'm going to lodge a complaint about this, because
this is an enormous decision to be made on an up or down vote with no
discussion. It's a huge, enormous decision to be made with this kind of
vote.

Mayor Scharff: I agree with you. On that basis, I will change my vote so
that we can have some discussion.          I actually think discussion is a
worthwhile thing on this. I will let the—do you wish to speak further to your
Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I think I've already spoken to it.         I'd like to
reserve the option to speak again on this item.

Mayor Scharff: I will let you speak again if necessary. We had—who was
the seconder? Council Member Fine, why don't you speak to your second?

Council Member Fine: I agree with Council Member Wolbach. I think our
Comprehensive Plan should be a document where we focus on goals and
policies. Programmatic stuff is nice to have as ideas. Many of the programs
in here would serve the City well as templates going forward to fulfill our
goals and policies. Having served on the CAC and worked on a number of
Comp Plans in different cities, with respect to all the volunteers on the CAC
and the PTC, there's a lot of stuff in here programmatically that may be at
odds with our purposes actually. There's a little bit of a grab bag that
sometimes repetition on the CAC would get a program into the Comp Plan. I
don't believe that's a good way to build programs that our City is going to
                                                                      Page 97 of 108
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/30/17
