                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Anything else on that? Let's see. I actually agree with
Council Member Holman on the Town and Country. We just may have a
disagreement, me and Council Member Fine, on it. I view Town and Country
as the place that has the worst traffic in the entire place in Palo Alto. I don't
really see, until we solve the ingress and egress, the densification of Town
and Country. I find it is not the place where I would like to see a
densification in new housing right now. Town and Country is a wonderful
place that works really well, and I actually like the current architecture and
the way it works and the way it looks. I think it's iconic in some ways. I
would move that we delete Paragraph C and do not support housing at Town
and Country.

Vice Mayor Kniss: That's what I would agree with.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman will second that.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to replace Part C of the Motion with, “not support housing in the Town &
Country area.”

Mayor Scharff: No. Council Member Holman—I thought Council Member
Holman—I didn't realize she had a second. Are you willing to withdraw your
Motion?

Council Member Holman: I'll withdraw the Amendment if we can come up
with better language.

Mayor Scharff: The language was that we would delete "C" and that we
would not support housing at Town and Country. I appreciate the second,
but it was actually Council Member Holman who seconded it. Since I got the
second, I am going to speak to my Motion. I spoke mostly to it. Again, I do
feel that Town and Country is a special place. It's one of the last places that
has this history of Palo Alto feel to it. It's been redeveloped in a really great
way. I wouldn't want to see housing there and take away the character of
that. I also do think that, given the traffic situation especially with Trader
Joe's and how that's gone in there, finding parking there at all is virtually
impossible. I always ride my bike there, frankly, because it's quicker than
going anywhere else. It's so difficult to get in and out. The way traffic flows
on Embarcadero, we haven't fixed that issue. I'm not sure if there is a fix to
it. We've looked at it several times; we actually voted recently on that. I
think it would be a mistake to build housing there. I support housing in all
these other places, but I don't think it's the kind of place we just need to put
housing. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'm good.
                                                                         Page 66 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
