                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lew: We did review those particular findings on one of the earlier
schemes. I think that was in the second architect on the project. We're on
the fourth architect now. I personally did go through all the context based
findings in my last review of the project. The two other Board Members who
reviewed the project said they may or may not agree with what I had said,
but they didn't specifically cite where they would have a differing opinion. I
couldn't give you something specific. If you looked at this last Staff Report,
I did highlight areas where the Staff did not think that the context based
criteria were met.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mr. Lait: Excuse me, Mayor. If I may supplement that. I concur with Chair
Lew's response to that. I would note that the Motion that was made on
October 20th was a reference to draft findings that were included in the Staff
Report. The Motion stated to accept the draft findings that were included in
the Report. That speaks to the findings that were made. I can quickly just
summarize a few of those if that would be helpful for the …

Council Member DuBois: This is against which option?

Mr. Lait: This would have been against Option 2. The findings that the ARB
adopted, one had to do with the—we had a conversation of the old ARB
findings. Finding 1, that the design was not consistent or compatible with
the applicable elements of the Comprehensive Plan. Finding 16, that the
design is not consistent with the purpose of architectural review, which has
to promote orderly and harmonious development in the City, enhance the
desirability of residential or investment in the City. It goes on to cite a
couple of different components. Specifically with respect to those findings,
the Board found that the building's size, scale, and mass would not enhance
the pedestrian environment, that it would conflict with the following goals,
and it listed, in policies of the Comprehensive Plan: Goal L-1, Policy L-5, to
avoid land uses that are overwhelming and unacceptable due to their size
and scale; Goal L-4 speaks to pedestrian scale; Policy L-20 speaks to
reinforcing street corners or that form corner plazas; Policy L-23, promote
the quality of design that recognizes the regional and historic importance of
the area and reinforces the pedestrian character; Policy L-24, Goal L-6,
creating well-designed buildings that create a coherent development pattern,
enhance City streets and public spaces. It goes on. Finding 2, Finding 4,
Finding 5 and 6 of the old findings were not supported with explanations as
to why. Then, it went on to the design compatibility standards, which I can
elaborate on further, but there's a whole set of findings that the Board found
for Option 2 was not supportable.


                                                                        Page 56 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
