                          TRANSCRIPT
to go to work. If you think that all the 21 whatever units can fit in that little
bitty space with one or two people per home who need to get somewhere, I
just don't think that's going to happen. I don't have any problem with
somebody making a lot of money on their property. That's totally fine, but
they can have two or three or four big houses or whatever, and they'll make
pretty much the same kind of thing. There's a limit to how much you want
to build in this City, how much we need to build in this City if we're not going
to provide people a place to put their cars, get to and from, invite their
friends over, and make this a living place. If this were near a transportation
hub, I'd have a different thought about it. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bob Moss.

Ruth Lowy: Good evening, Council. I'm Ruth Lowy. I live in south Palo Alto
in the Barron Park neighborhood. I urge you not to increase the zoning to
RM-30 for this lot. RM-30 is intended for larger parcels, and this is not a
large land parcel. The 4146 lot facing El Camino Real is small. In fact, it's
3/4 acre. I urge you to keep the RM-15 zoning and insist the project
conform to the 3/4-acre limits. RM-15 zoning will better allow for more
adequate underground parking for residents and for their guests and for
more open space above. One RM-15 acre allows up to 15 units. Three-
quarters of an acre allows for 11-12, which amount is reasonable on a small
lot. Fewer units would keep population density increase at a reasonable
pace. It will not cram more people into smaller spaces. Over density will
negatively impact increasing traffic in this congested section of town. Fewer
units will be better for the new residents and will provide more outdoor
space and quality of life.     It would better conform with the adjacent
neighborhood and will keep parking from creeping into the surrounding
neighborhoods. Eliminate one tower with perhaps six buildings, three units
to make 18. I suggest that the north-most tower be eliminated to create
more space between the massive building and the adjacent surrounding
ones. Parking could be improved such as no tandem parking. The Council's
history of allowing under-parked buildings is impacting all neighborhoods
such that we now need permit parking plans. Don't let this happen here. If
zoning is increased to RM-30, remember that the Comprehensive Plan
supported the concept that lower unit amounts within the formula should be
the outcome, so that we don't have runaway growth. If RM-30 allows 23
units, then 3/4 acre would allow 17, getting close to my suggested 18. I
would like to acknowledge that the architect did meet with our neighbors,
listened to our concerns, and used some of the information in planning the
project. Unfortunately, the number of units are still too many. Please keep
it at RM-15.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bob Moss. Bob.
                                                                         Page 14 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
