                          TRANSCRIPT
category of retail or general business office?    I thought there was some
pretty basic categories.

Ms. Gitelman: Again, that exists. It's just not accessible to the people who
are issuing these parking permits. It would add a level of effort and
complexity to their work and take time away from other activities. In that
sense, we think it would impose an administrative burden. If the Council
wants us to proceed with that, we could look at a way to handle it. It's just
going to make this program that much more complex to administer.

Council Member Holman: I guess that's pretty disappointing. I thought one
of the purposes of the Business Registry was to be able to use it for this kind
of endeavor. Another question is TDM compliance, also in the Colleagues'
Memo. We talked about—Council Member DuBois, I think Council Member
Filseth was part of that. I can't remember who else. We talked about how
this is an opportunity to do a parking district, an RPP. It would also be an
opportunity to help determine whether our TDM programs were effective or
not. There are a number of projects in the California Avenue area that were
granted parking exceptions because of TDM agreements. Do we have any
notion of how many of those TDM agreements are being complied with or in
compliance with their development approvals?

Ms. Gitelman: Off the top of my head, I do not have an answer to that.
We've done some investigation. Amazingly, a lot of the buildings that went
in had TDM programs that were part of the proposal, so part of the project
description. They didn't get put in place with kind of the enforcement
mechanism and the conditions that we would use today. That would take
some digging to figure that out.

Mr. Keene: Could I just add. I think we need to keep in mind the fact, as
you well know, that we have ten different interlocking initiatives going on
relating to parking and traffic. They're all in various stages of evolution.
We're not anywhere close to the end at all of evaluating both the status of
our existing TDM and how we can most effectively expand that. I'm sure for
the rest of the time everybody who's up there is on the Council, we'll still be
advancing on those issues. I didn't want to leave it that the Staff is done
with this.

Council Member Holman: I didn't think that. One other comment. I'm just
going to throw this out there for folks to think about. I don't think it's an
extreme idea, but I haven't heard anybody mention it. For the dentist and
medical offices—I've thought about this and even mentioned it to the City
Manager a while back, because I live not so far from a number of dentist
offices. Some of the speakers even mentioned how most of your clientele is

                                                                       Page 115 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
