                          TRANSCRIPT
who will be implementing the Plan should be involved in its preparation. I
meant that Part B in the Motion to reflect that guideline from the State.

Council Member Holman: That could be addressed, I would think, as part of
the prioritization. Does Director Gitelman have any comments on that?

Ms. Gitelman: Obviously our intention is not to include programs that are in
themselves infeasible in the document. If there are any, we would highlight
those and not want to carry those forward. In terms of the implementation
programs, we think of feasibility more, as Council Member Holman suggests,
in the prioritization process; we all acknowledge that it's not going to be
feasible. We're not going to have the resources to implement all of them. It
is going to be an exercise in prioritization in the Plan and then in subsequent
annual reviews to make sure that we're prioritizing what we should be.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I appreciate that this has been—that
the programs have been restored to the Comprehensive Plan. I was a little
bit uncomfortable with the comments. I've been going back and forth
whether I would make a comment about this or not. I appreciate this
action, but I was also uncomfortable with how it was presented with
accusations about others. I would hope, as we go forward as a Council, that
we're respectful of each other and just maybe have disagreement but not
make accusations about others. With that, I appreciate the Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss:         I would echo what Lydia Kou said, which is
congratulations to you, Cory. It's important to listen to the public. We
certainly heard from the public on this one, very clearly. Again, I would look
at "B," which talks about the process of consolidating redundant programs
and so forth. I think that's one of the most important parts of this Motion.
One of the conversations we've had earlier about this, Hillary, as I recall, we
talked about the number of programs that had been implemented in the last
Comp Plan. Was it roughly 15 percent? If we look at a Plan that had 200-
plus programs in it, at 15 percent we're done after 15 years-plus. As we
look at this, the consolidation and elimination, where possible, is really
important. These programs should really complement the policy. That's
precisely what you've said tonight. That's why—did you want to make a
comment? I think that's one of the most important parts of this. Putting it
back in clearly is the right thing to do. Also making it really fit, as they say,
the jacket in this case would really make a difference. You don't want to be,
as they say, straitjacketed, but you do want that jacket to fit the policy. I
think that is where this is heading. Again, thank you to Council Member
Wolbach for, as he said, cleaning up his mess. I'm voting yes.

                                                                             Page 48 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
