                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Just making sure. I would add a "D" that Staff
would define clear metrics for level of impacts that determine success or
failure, so that Council can evaluate this pilot with data at its conclusion.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I think that's a good Amendment. I certainly accept it.

Mayor Scharff: Adrian?

Council Member Fine: I accept it as well.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to define clear
metrics for level of impacts that will determine success or failure, so that
Council can evaluate this pilot with data at the conclusion.” (New Part D)

Council Member DuBois: Thanks. That's it.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I will be supporting the Motion as well. Just to say
thank you. You've worked really hard with the community. I saw the
interaction at the meetings and so forth. Also, the residents who have been
impacted have been working extremely hard. I'm glad to see this come
forth. I realize the phrase road diet brings about many different reactions
from people. The notion is to take away lanes as a matter of philosophy.
However, this plan emphasizes safety. I want it to be clear it's about safety.
One of the lessons that we did learn from the Arastradero road diet is the
issue of displacement. There is evidence and there was controversy that
there was a lot of traffic that was diverted onto Maybell Avenue, which is a
Safe Routes to School street. Just piggy-backing off Council Member DuBois'
"D," yes, we do need clear metrics in order to evaluate whether it does
impact all the other streets on the side. Lastly, I just want to say tonight
we're here on two issues with regards to traffic and parking. I think it's
important to recognize, as Council Member DuBois said, that we have to
address growth. I really hope that our community will come together when
our Emergency Ordinances with regards to office and R&D cap comes up for
expiration, that we do support it by extending it. Further, the ground-floor
retail space by preserving that too. This way we can actually have some
growth metrics and some preservation of ensuring that we do have less
congestion or we can bear the congestion on traffic and parking. Thank you.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by
Council Member Fine to:



                                                                       Page 72 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
