                         TRANSCRIPT
from all over the community and beyond our community showed up and
really gave a nice send-off and a lot of stories and respect. Remembrances
were shared by people there. That being said, we're out in the initial stages
of our Police Chief recruitment. I'll be sharing with Council over the next
month or so the process we'll be using.          We have fortunately got a
revamped command Staff under the direction of Interim Police Chief Ron
Watson. I just thought it would be beneficial for the Council to meet them
briefly here. I would ask Ron to come up and introduce folks to the Council.

Ron Watson, Interim Police Chief: Mayor Scharff and Council Members, Ron
Watson, Interim Chief of Police. I want to thank the City Manager for the
opportunity to introduce some of the new command members for the Police
Department to a new City Council. For myself, I've been with the City for
the past 27 years, been on the management team in the Police Department
for the past 10 years. Four of the last five years, I oversaw the patrol
division, which is the largest division in the Police Department. It's between
80 and 90 employees and all the folks you see out in uniform that do most
of the operational level of work. Patty Lum, who could not be here tonight,
is the Acting Assistant Chief of Police right now. She oversees all the daily
operations in the Police Department.            Patty's been with the Police
Department for the past 25 years and last year oversaw the patrol division.
I'm going to let the rest of the team briefly introduce themselves and tell
you a little about them. First up will be Captain Zach Perron.

Zach Perron, Police Captain: Mr. Mayor, Council Members, my name is Zach
Perron. I started with the Police Department as an Explorer Scout back in
1994 and was born and raised here in town. I've been a police officer now
for 19 years. I currently oversee our detective division. For the two years
before that, I was our Public Affairs Manager and did all of our public-facing
social media, website and other items like that. Thank you.

Andrew Binder, Action Police Captain: Mr. Mayor, Council Members, good
evening. My name is Andrew Binder. I'm a 19-year police veteran. I'm
currently an Acting Captain in charge of the field services division, which is
our operations, our patrol division. Prior to that, I was in charge of the day
shift, day shift watch commander. Thank you.

Charlie Cullen, Director of Technical Services:          Mayor Scharff and
distinguished Council Members, my name's Charlie Cullen. Like Zach, I grew
up here in Palo Alto, graduated from Palo Alto High School. I'm the Director
of the technical services division. Technical services includes 911, records,
crime analysis and most of the technology for the Department.



                                                                        Page 5 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
