                          TRANSCRIPT
EIR should be conducted, how should traffic be looked at, how should other
impacts be evaluated in the best way, please do it, get them in this Friday.
Go to the County website, scc.gov.        You can download the Notice of
Preparation and information to write to there. The Council will receive an
extension. They will get a report from City Staff. It's not ready yet, and it's
not clear what input you'll be able to have on that when you come here and
speak on that day. Best to put your own comments in separately. The
deadline is this Friday. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Tim Mulcahy to be followed by Gianni Maxemin.

Tim Mulcahy: Good evening, Council Members. Later on tonight, you're
going to be discussing changes, issues in the Downtown RPP program. I
would like to remind the Council that the Evergreen RPP program needs
some important changes before permits are issued in March and the project
starts in April. Currently, the California Avenue Parking District wait list has
400 people on it. They will take up all the 125 permits allowed. That means
that the dentists and my office, any office won't be able to get one permit.
Healthcare businesses have been left out of discussions and solutions. I ask
why. We provide emergency services for our patients at the time of need.
We're first responders in emergency.            We have community-based
healthcare, and we've been there for 9-20 years. There are eight dentists
that could be affected. Our employees can't afford the cost of housing here
and have to drive anywhere from 40-70 miles in order to get to the office.
Some go through the robust transportation system. I have two in my office,
but the others can't do it for some reason. We are fighting a healthcare
shortage even without this issue. Without parking, reasonable parking, we
will lose these employees, and we will not be able to thrive here in Palo Alto.
We will have to move. It may not happen right away, but it's pretty quick.
A petition has recently been circulated in Palo Alto and signed by your Palo
Alto constituents. We're over 1,000 people signing this petition. We need a
better solution. We need to go back to the drawing board at least, at least
visit some other solutions. Thank you very much.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you. You'll also notice that the names are up on
the board. If you can read them from where you are, the next person is
Gianni Maxemin, if I got close, followed by Stan—I won't try the last name—
and then by Sea Reddy. Good evening.

Robert Mazzola:     Hi, good evening.      Good evening, Council Members.
unfortunately, Gianni had to step out for a phone call. As his corporate
counsel, I get stuck with the task of an impromptu speech here. My name's
Robert. We've been listening to …


                                                                         Page 35 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
