                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'll accept this one, but I feel like we're over
wordsmithing at this point.

Council Member Wolbach: I thought it was worth mentioning. I appreciate
your indulgence. That's all I've got. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was going to do the "explore" thing.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Question asked and answered.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:             Council Member Fine moved,
seconded by Council Member DuBois to direct Staff to include in the final
draft of the Comprehensive Plan Update:

A.   Explore multifamily housing at the Stanford Shopping Center, provided
     adequate parking and vibrant retail is maintained, as alluded to in
     Policy L-4.7 (the language could be strengthened); and

B.   L-5.4.1 Explore with Stanford University various development options
     for adding to the Stanford Research Park a diverse mix of uses,
     including residential, commercial hotel, conference center, commercial
     space for small businesses and start-ups, retail, transit hub, and other
     community-supporting services that are compatible with the existing
     uses, to create a vibrant innovation-oriented community; and

C.   Not support housing in the Town & County area; and

D.   Include a new program to explore multifamily housing near Stanford
     University Medical Center (SUMC).

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the main Motion. That's our first unanimous
vote.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Keene: Let's have 10-0.

Mayor Scharff:   Now, Council Member DuBois on the San Antonio housing
sites.

Council Member DuBois: I would just move it as written in the Staff Report.


                                                                       Page 70 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
