                    ACTION MINUTES
      2017 for a     Public   Hearing   for   Objections   to   Proposed        Weed
      Abatement.”

16.   Resolution 9658   Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving    the Issuance of the California Municipal Finance
      Authority 2017     Tax Exempt Loan (International School of the
      Peninsula) in     an Aggregate Principal Amount Not-to-Exceed
      $7,500,000.”

17.   Policy and Services Committee Recommends City Council Review the
      2017 City Council Priority Suggestions in Preparation for the Annual
      Council Retreat and Direct the Mayor to Appoint Council Members to
      Work With the City Manager in Identifying a Facilitator for a
      Subsequent Retreat.

18.   Resolution 9659 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Execute and File an Application on
      Behalf of the City of Palo Alto to the Federal Transit Administration
      (FTA) for the Management of and Participation in a Grant Award to
      Enhance and Evaluate a Comprehensive Technology/Policy Solution
      Called Fair Value Commuting (FVC), Designed to Reduce Traffic
      Congestion.”

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

18A. (Former Item No. 11) Policy and Services Committee Recommends the
     City Council Adopt the City's Legislative Program Manual and 2017
     Legislative Priorities.

MOTION:     Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Fine to:

A.    Remove from Active Advocacy items, “at the State level, exempt
      tipped employees from minimum wage” and refer the topic to the
      Policy and Services Committee; and

B.    Add to Important Priorities, “oppose attempts to undermine rights of
      any group, whether by federal government; or by coercing states or
      local government; or by weakening existing laws and enforcement
      thereof against harassment, discrimination, and hate crimes;” and

C.    Adopt the update to the Legislative Program Manual and the 2017
      Legislative Priorities.

                                                                              Page 4 of 7
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                  Action Minutes: 1/9/17
