                         TRANSCRIPT
achieve this. I think it's also a good way to on-board new Council Members
frankly and to have a thorough discussion of governance and any concerns
people have. Finally, with the national election, I do believe we as a City, a
region and a State need to be vigilant in support of our values should the
need arise. Finally, I wanted to recognize my family for attending, my wife
over there and my daughter Emily and my son Jason right there in the thing.
Thank you all for coming and supporting me tonight. Thank you for your
support, and I look forward to a great 2017.

2.   Election of the 2017 Vice Mayor.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll move onto the election of Vice Mayor.            Do we
have any nominations for Vice Mayor? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to nominate Council Member Liz Kniss for
Vice Mayor.

NOMINATION: Council Member Wolbach nominated Council Member Kniss
for Vice Mayor for 2017.

Mayor Scharff: Do we have any other nominations for Vice Mayor? Seeing
none, Council Member Wolbach, would you like to speak to your nomination?

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to, briefly. Council Member Liz Kniss, as
we know, is eminently qualified and experienced. She's a great ambassador
for Palo Alto in a number of regional bodies where she represents us and in
all of the Ad Hoc communications that she participates in with neighbors and
with Council Members from neighboring cities to make sure that Palo Alto is
respected, understood and involved in the regional discussions on those
issues that we can't solve on our own. She's also clearly and enthusiastically
supported by the community, as we saw this fall. I think that she brings a
calm, steady and unifying voice rooted in tremendous understanding of Palo
Alto and institutional memory. It would be my pleasure to nominate her for
Vice Mayor.

Mayor Scharff: Would anyone else like to say a few words? Council Member
Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you, Mayor.

Mayor Scharff: It has the wrong names up here, so it takes me a moment.

Council Member Fine: No worries. Liz, I would also be happy to support
you. You've served our community for decades, and you make me proud as
a Palo Altan. You could have an entourage of 100 people doing your work,

                                                                          Page 8 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
