                          TRANSCRIPT
these important goals, the Zoning Code should be geared for increasing the
housing supply by allowing smaller units, accessory dwelling units, realistic
parking requirements, and rethinking height limits where appropriate. As
you provide guidance on the draft Transportation Element, we encourage
you to consider the League's positions that support measures and options to
promote the efficient flow of traffic; minimizing the use of single-occupant
autos; and encourage the use of alternative transportation modes. The
League also supports a transportation system that offers viable alternatives
to single-occupant vehicle use that is multimodal, efficient, convenient,
reliable, effective, equitable, accessible to all people, particularly those who
are transit dependent, and safe for vehicles, pedestrians and bicycles.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Mark Mollineaux to be followed by Dan Garber.

Mark Mollineaux: Hi there. Mark Mollineaux. I graduated from Stanford,
and now I live in Redwood City. Zoning is a State right—the State of
California resides in Sacramento—but it's entrusted to all cities to implement
their own zoning with the thought that each city will be able to do that
correctly for its own good but also serve the regional good and serve the
State good. However, the zoning plan here, all of the options, I would say,
don't begin to serve the regional or State good. It really only serves the
local good of Palo Alto. There's some system that makes this inevitable.
Who has standing to approve this? It's not people from outside of Palo Alto
who can't afford it. It's only Palo Alto residents and people who aren't
outside Palo Alto. People who work here—they may be the people serving
you in all the businesses here in Palo Alto, even well-paying jobs—still can't
afford to live in Palo Alto. We want to be welcoming to immigrants who seek
opportunity. They have no say in that they're coming into a place that has
enough housing for them. A second thing that makes this inevitable is the
financial scheme. Due to the economics of Prop 13, every city in the
Peninsula has the incentives to build all businesses, all commercial zoning,
no housing. It's a broken system. It's inevitable Sacramento is going to
have to do something about this. There's more renters every year; there's
less homeowners every year. Sacramento has a bunch of bills right now to
take away the local zoning power. I guess the thing is I think Palo Alto
needs to see what their role is to influence Sacramento. My personal charge
is I'd like to hear what Palo Alto's recommendations are to Sacramento,
because the system doesn't serve Palo Alto sustainably for the future. I'd
like to see what you think is a sustainable path forward that serves Palo Alto
and serves the region and makes locals and people who would like to be Palo
Alto locals both happy. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Dan Garber to be followed by Rita Vrhel.
                                                                         Page 17 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
