                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Are you on the list?

Female: No.

Mayor Scharff: Why don't you put a number in the list, and I'll just go to the
next person. You can just take your minutes. Rob, Amy, Lee Crystal.

Female: He was here earlier.

Mayor Scharff: Hamilton Hitchings, I see Hamilton.

Hamilton Hitchings: Thank you. Today's comments are my own. When I
look at what has improved in Palo Alto—I'm a longtime resident—over the
last 10 years, the first thing I think of is the libraries. I was just telling one
my friends the Palo Alto libraries are amazing. I'm sure Jim's glad to hear
that. They are fantastic. When I look at the Citizens Survey for the things
that have improved most in the last 10 years, three out of the four top items
are the Library. I also really appreciated the investment in our storm drains.
We've had a lot of rain, and things went really smoothly because the City
has invested a lot. When I look at the Citizens Survey, Number 3 is the
storm drains. I also have really noticed a big improvement in our roads.
I've been living here over 20 years. The roads are so much better than they
used to be. It's a great example of how when you execute well, it really
makes an improvement. Sure enough, our roads are high on this list as
well. When I think about the Priorities and what this Council can do over the
next few years to really have a long-term, positive impact, I think about
infrastructure. All these projects are going to make a really big difference to
the community. The Public Safety Building, we have a dilapidated, outdated
Police Department in the basement of the City Hall, which will not function
after a major earthquake. We have fire stations which can't let their fire
trucks out after a major earthquake. When it was raining, many of us were
hitting refresh on the creek monitor to make sure we didn't have another
flood because I bought my house 3 months before the '98 flood and was
wading around in the rivers on Channing and stuff. Improving those
bridges, the parking structure, and Liz was bringing up earlier the bike
bridge, biking is part of the DNA of Palo Alto. It's part of who we are. It's
another great infrastructure project. Even though those plans are already in
place, execution is the area where all of you can leave a really big positive
impact on the City. I encourage you to make sure that moves forward
quickly. The other thing there's going to be a lot of discussion on over the
next year is housing. It's not about if we do housing; it's about how we do
housing. Really, the issue is not a housing issue; it's an affordable housing
issue. What that really is about is economic diversity. Are we trying to get
a better deal for multimillionaires or are we trying to keep our community

                                                                           Page 45 of 75
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/28/17
