                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you very much for this project. It looks like
you've done a lot of hard work with the public, and they seem to be happy
working with you. That's nice to hear. A few small questions. One, do you
have kind of a guestimate about which alternative has less of an impact on
some of the side streets around there? I know it's a general, broad
question.

Mr. Mello: Concept 7B preserves all of the existing southbound capacity, so
there would be very little added delay or queuing going southbound.
Alternative 7A reduces the number of lanes in both directions.        That
northbound lane does drop immediately after Hawthorne, so you're really
only reducing it for another block and a half.

Council Member Fine: A number of speakers commented on the inability or
danger of backing out of their driveways. This is something that we talked
about when it came to PTC. Do you guys have any suggestions there about
protecting people backing out of their driveway, whether it's painted, curb
cuts? I'm just looking for some solution there.

Mr. Mello: I know a lot of the difficulty is especially during the period where
the traffic is stopped. Some of the residents anecdotally described situations
where they've had to put cones in the road to stop the travel lane as they
went back to their car and maneuvered out. I think Concept 7A, you'd only
be backing into one travel lane, and you would have that buffer of the
shoulder. Your car wouldn't immediately enter the travel lane when you
departed your driveway. There's a little more maneuverability there. At
times, the roadway is completely stopped. I don't know if there's an answer
beyond having a circular driveway, which is not available to a lot of these
folks, for people that need to maneuver out of their driveway into stopped
traffic.

Council Member Fine: Thanks. That's all for now.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Going up level a little bit. How does the accident
rate compare on this street to other Palo Alto streets?

Mr. Mello: That's not where the basis of the analysis originated. This was
primarily a resident-driven exercise at the beginning, and then when we
started to look at the collision data, we noticed that there was a pattern. We
                                                                        Page 62 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
