                          TRANSCRIPT
it was the 2,927, the business as usual number, which was that. That's
significantly smaller than the 3,545 and the 4,420 number. It has to be a
range. I think it depends on where we go. It depends on what we get. I
think that's more appropriate than choosing an arbitrary number on that. In
reality, I don't think these things are as precise that we should choose one
number. I'd also point out that this is basically the EIR. These numbers do
not go into the Comp Plan. This is basically an EIR that justifies the Comp
Plan according to State law. I also think it's really important to have
numbers that are accurate and that make some sense. That's how I got
there on the job numbers. I've heard from Staff over and over again that
anything less than 9,850 jobs probably doesn't make much sense. What we
want to do is have not a huge job growth, so 11,500 jobs on the outer limit
makes some sense in terms of showing that we're not pushing job growth.
We're pushing housing growth on this, but we are not going crazy on either
housing or jobs, and we're taking a balanced approach to it. On "D" and "E,"
this is really so that we get out of here tonight. What I was really saying to
my Council colleagues on this is these elements are returning under both "D"
and "E" on May 1st. We'll have an entire Council meeting and possibly more
Council meetings, frankly, on those issues. To talk about the items set forth
in "D" and "E, " so you don't need to spend a lot of time tonight saying we
want to change this or change that, because we're going to have a separate
Council meeting to go through those items. That was the purpose of putting
in "D" and "E" like that. That covers all what Staff needs. I just wanted to
confirm with Staff that we've covered, if the Motion passes, what you need
tonight.

Mr. Keene: I would just add, Mr. Mayor, under "D" and "E," what we have
put in here was material that was presented to the Council on January 30th
or comments as we heard from the Council. Your suggestion of being able
to take it up on May 1st would be to correct, if there were some nuances or
issues we didn't get right.

Mayor Scharff: That's what I was thinking. I didn't want Council colleagues
to think by voting for this that they're locking in stone anything in "D" and
"E" if for reasons they have issues with it. We will have a full discussion of
it, and everyone will have an opportunity to weigh in. We may in fact have
more than one meeting on it on May 1st depending on how those elements
go. With that, Council Member Filseth, would you like to talk to your
second?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, maybe I'll talk for a minute here. I wanted
to see—I passed out this chart, which Hillary was very patient with me last
night on this. I wanted to see the scenario growth rates relative to historical
growth rates because we are talking about long-term stuff. This is the long
                                                                            Page 69 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
