                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: I think we'd want to get away from trying to classify whether it's
a doctor's officer or a dentist's office. I think it might be better to just pick—
there's a handful of standalone …

Mayor Scharff: You don't have to classify dentist or medical.         I just said
medical, dental or medical. You don't have to classify.

Mr. Mello: There's a handful of standalone dental and doctor offices mostly
along El Camino. I think we'd rather have it based on a location than a
classification of business. We would identify those standalone dentist and
doctor offices and allocate the 50 permits for those locations.

Mayor Scharff: How would you write this?

Mr. Mello: Medical services and dentist offices along El Camino Real.

Mayor Scharff: I'd be fine with that, but I don't have a second yet. Maybe
no one else is. Seeing no second, I'm just going to drop it. No second.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “increase the number of permits for
medical services and dental offices along El Camino Real to 50.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Scharff: With that, we should vote on the board on the whole Motion.
I did have a couple of other questions. I forgot. Yes, sorry. What is the
timing on the garage? I think that is an important question I don't think we
got out there. When do we expect that to be completed?

Mr. Keene: Several years. We'll give you more of an update.

Mayor Scharff: Could we speed it up? That's really the question.

Mr. Keene: Yes, we can. With the utmost respect, I will also be asking the
Council that too when we come back with any adjustments that we have.
It's complicated because it's linked to the Public Safety Building also. I think
we still have some additional decisions to make on the parking garage. We
talked about this potential scale and retail and that sort of thing.

Mayor Scharff: I think as part of that we should look at what our size
options on the garage are and what the costs are. We heard a lot tonight
about a future TMA for this area. At some point, maybe that should be on
some Council Agenda or something. We may want to have a discussion
about how we expand the TMA or something like that. I think we should
start thinking about that.
                                                                         Page 119 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/23/17
