                          TRANSCRIPT
do. It must be that this is much more amorphous than something that's
much more tangible like where are you going to park or put a dwelling in
your backyard. That's very interesting to me. There was huge support for
going with the 6,000 number that didn't work. Politics always is the art of
compromise. Tonight, we're talking about a compromise, but what we need
to do is move on with this. We're going to have two more long meetings
that deal with both "D" and "E." I certainly look forward to those when I'm
not quite as jet-lagged as I am tonight. The Motion that is in front of us is a
reasonable, as I said, compromise. It begins to take us where we want to
go with this Comp Plan, which has now been in process for 10 years, since
before you came and most of us were sitting here. With that, I'm voting for
the Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Since we're talking about the EIR and looking at the
numbers, may I make an Amendment or a friendly one for Number A?
Instead of Scenario 5, to go to Scenario 2 using those numbers.

Mayor Scharff: I was really informed that it makes absolutely no difference
if I say Scenario 5 or Scenario 2. I chose Scenario 5 because that's …
Scenario 2 is the 2,720. Sorry. Got it. You can make the Motion. Maybe
we can get a 6-3 vote.

Council Member Kou: Estimated housing to be …

Mayor Scharff: You wanted the 27 …

Council Member Kou: I want Scenario 2's 2,720 dwelling units.

Mayor Scharff: Do we have a second for that? Seeing no second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kou moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to replace in Part A of the Motion, “Scenario 5 (3,545 dwelling units)”
with “Scenario 2 (2,720 dwelling units).”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Scharff: Did you have something further you wanted to say? I don't
want to cut you off.

Council Member Kou: No, thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.


                                                                            Page 85 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
