                          TRANSCRIPT
things I'd like to achieve tonight. One, I'd like to signal to the community
where we are. The other part is a defensible EIR that withstands legal
scrutiny. These low job numbers don't do that. It's really important that we
have the right job numbers, realistic job numbers. If you look at the job
numbers for business as usual, they approach 16,000. By going down to
11,500, we're being realistic and honest with the community about where
the range is, which is 9,850-11,500, which is how I chose those numbers. I
would ask that you do not support this Amendment. Who still needs to
speak? Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I wanted to ask Staff if they can color a little bit on
what would be involved in us actually getting to 9,000 jobs. This is an EIR.
It's not a target that we're setting. I am sensitive to the idea that there's no
point in us spending a lot of time on studying circumstances that aren't
achievable. I guess I'd like to hear from Staff about that one. What would it
take for us to get to 8,868 jobs? Is it even possible?

Ms. Gitelman: That's a good question. We've been giving a lot of thought to
what are the policy levers that the Council would have to try and diminish
the rate of job growth. The office annual limit is one of those. We've talked
about perpetuating that in the future; although, the Council was not
interested in making that Citywide. That was one of the conversations we
had on January 30th. We've also talked about this issue of starting to
require a use permit for new office/R&D uses to regulate employment
densities. There hasn't been a lot of interest. You heard from the Stanford
Research Park representative today that there's some concerns about that
and its impact on the business community. There aren't a lot of levers
there. As I indicated earlier, job growth happens in existing space. The way
we've thought about this 8,868, if 2,500 happens at the Research Park—I'm
sorry—at the Medical Center, that means there are 5,300 jobs for the rest of
the community in 15 years, which is about 350 jobs a year. It just doesn't
seem that realistic. Nine thousand doesn't seem particularly realistic, but
8,800 just seems low. I'm not saying it's impossible for you to move
forward with that number, but in in our opinion it just seems that someone
looking at our conclusion would say, "How in the heck did you ever get that
number?"

Council Member Filseth: If I understand the corollary to what you just said,
it's pretty likely that no matter what we do we're going to end up at least
10,000, maybe 11,000.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that's our feeling based on just the amount of building
space we have in Palo Alto.


                                                                            Page 79 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
