                          TRANSCRIPT
build the suggested routes to school improvements on its lands that are next
to Nixon and Escondido schools.         Just stepping back a minute.       The
application submitted in November has a lot of different components. What
I've been talking about here is all contained in the project description, which
is in Tab 3. While Stanford was thinking about its development request and
what to put in the application, we also did a lot of technical and
environmental studies so that we would understand the potential
environmental impacts of what we were requesting. Those analyses helped
shape our request, and we've also provided them in our application so that
the County and the public could review them. The County will be having its
experts do an independent review of these studies as well. They're available
on the web if anyone's interested in looking at them. I'm going to touch on
just four of them and give you some quick highlights of them. That's going
to be vehicle miles traveled, greenhouse gases, water supply, and parks and
recreation. As you know, the State is moving to a new way of looking at
transportation impacts, and it's vehicle miles traveled, moving away from
congestion types of impact analysis. The reason for this is to encourage infill
development and decrease sprawl in order to reduce emissions and get cars
off the road. The State is looking at a threshold standard of having a project
meet 15 percent below the current Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) average for
our region. In that way, if you can bring people 15 percent below, it will
help make the State's greenhouse gas goals for that time. Stanford did
conduct a vehicle miles traveled analysis and found that we will at full build-
out do much better than that 15-percent reduction. Stanford's average
commuter VMT will be 75 percent below the current regional average. The
VMT of our campus residents will be 40 percent below the regional average.
These numbers are really just quantification of the benefits that happen
when Stanford gets its population out of its cars either through
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) or by providing housing on or
near campus. As Jean mentioned, the flexibility of the General Use Permit
provided Stanford the opportunity to make a huge impact in the area of
greenhouse gas emissions. That was development of the Stanford Energy
System Innovations (SESI) project, which created a new heat recovery
facility used for heating and cooling of campus. It replaced a natural gas-
fired cogeneration facility. The immediate impact of that was to reduce our
greenhouse gas emissions associated with campus heating and cooling and
electricity use by 50 percent immediately. Because it's fueled by electricity,
there's an opportunity to continue to provide more emission reduction as the
electricity supply gets greener. To support this, Stanford developed a solar
farm in Kern County and installed rooftop panels on campus. Together
those two projects will supply more than 50 percent of Stanford's electricity
demand, which takes the emission reductions from 50 percent to 68 percent.
Looking forward, we also did a greenhouse gas technical analysis in the
application. The State of California has created greenhouse gas goals for the
                                                                        Page 17 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
