                          TRANSCRIPT
making your case that—it's like you were saying. It could be a Colleagues'
Memo or whatever.

Mayor Scharff: We need to do the Transportation Element. I'm opening up
the Transportation Element. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: This meeting was originally supposed to be our
time to look at transportation and land use and how those intertwined. Here
we are at 11:00, and we haven't talked about transportation at all. I have
quite a few concerns about a lot of transportation policies, kind of a long list.
We've spent the whole night on the one element. I think I'll just go ahead,
again to be consistent, and make the same Motion that Council Member
Wolbach made, that we remove all the programs and move them to the
implementation plan rather than try to go through them one at a time.

Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
remove all Programs from the Transportation Element.

Council Member Dubois: Again, I think this is kind of crazy to do this two
years in, but I think we should be consistent if we're going to do it.

Mayor Scharff: Do you want to speak to your Motion? Let's vote. You can
vote to have more discussion on that or not. That passes on a 6-1 with two
people requesting more discussion. Council Member Holman voted no.
Council Member DuBois voted yes, Council Member Kou voted yes, Council
Member Wolbach voted yes, Vice Mayor Kniss wanted more discussion, I
voted yes, Council Member Filseth wanted more discussion, Council Member
Tanaka voted yes, and Council Member Fine voted yes.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1-2 Holman no, Filseth, Kniss abstain

Mayor Scharff:     Anything regarding the policies or the goals on the
Transportation Element? If anybody wishes to advocate that what was
previously a program on the Transportation Element could come back.
There's a third option here, since it's late, that we could continue the
Transportation Element to another night, where we discuss it more fully.
I'm open to any of those kind of motions.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Could I make a comment?

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: This would hardly be the first time I've said this. We just
don't make our best decisions after 11:00. Also, we don't make our best
                                                                        Page 105 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
