                        TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Second from Council … Shall we vote on the board? We can
take a few seconds if you want to look it up quickly. That's fine. You've
taken a look at it.

Council Member Wolbach: We're at "H5," right?

Mayor Scharff: Yep, "H5." Do people feel they've had enough time to look
at it or not? We can have more discussion if people want to. Just hit the
abstain button. That passes on a 5-4 vote with four Council Members
wanting to abstain. With Council Members Kou, Scharff, Filseth and Holman
abstaining, but that passes.

MOTION PASSED: 5-0-4 Filseth, Holman, Kou, Scharff abstain

Council Member DuBois: I'll move Number 6.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kou to direct Staff to include in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan
Update, maintain Policy L-3.3 and/or Policy L-3.6 (some repetition can be
eliminated) and associated Program L-3.3.1 about preserving existing
housing that is affordable, such as small cottage clusters, removing from
Program L-3.3.1, “and the replacement of rental housing units with
ownership housing units.”

Council Member DuBois: I would like to speak to it.

Mayor Scharff: Go ahead.

Council Member DuBois: I agree with the policy. I would actually amend
the program. Overall it talks about discouraging loss of housing units. I
think that's pretty clear. The second part of the program focuses on
preventing replacement of rental with ownership housing. I think that goes
too far. As long as we preserve housing units, we shouldn't discourage
ownership.

Mayor Scharff: You want to go ahead and make a suggested Amendment to
that?

Council Member DuBois: I would suggest that we amend Program L-3.3.1 to
delete "and replacement of rental housing units with ownership housing
units."

Mayor Scharff: We went through those pretty quickly. My intention actually
was to go back when we look at the actual things. If you had wording
                                                                    Page 86 of 108
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 1/30/17
