                          TRANSCRIPT
there. Somehow they get from the Green House on San Antonio Road,
closer to 101, and seem to do quite well. As I said, I've said it before and
I'll say it again, I'll probably be the last woman standing.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm going to surprise a couple of people. I'm
actually going to support this one. As Council Member DuBois pointed out,
there's some light industrial uses, especially on the east side of San Antonio.
I also think that there's a lot of potential for hotels in that area, which have
a much lower traffic impact than housing or retail or just about any other
use. That's important because I'm very sensitive, living in that part of town
and using San Antonio as my regular egress from 101 to go home, to the
traffic on San Antonio. I don't think that's the best place, given the current
transportation scenario, for housing. It might be in the future, but the focus
here is on not eliminating housing but decreasing housing in one place and
equally increasing it somewhere else in the City by focusing on even more
housing in the Downtown/Cal. Ave. areas, closer to our Caltrain stations. I
think those are the most appropriate places to put the housing. It's not a
net loss of potential housing sites. I think that's important to understand.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: I won't be supporting this Motion. I think it is
important to maintain the flexibility of having housing on San Antonio.
Nonetheless, I actually do hear some of the concerns here about this being
one of our last mid-range, light industrial, commercial areas. That is
important to our City's character and to the business environment here. I
would just put it to my Colleagues that the better way to protect that is
actually to protect those uses rather than to prohibit a new use. I don't
think it's actually that one use shuffles out another.     There are new
modalities of design and housing and mixed use where you actually are
mixing light industrial or office space like we have on San Antonio with
housing. I will not be supporting this.

Mayor Scharff: In listening to the comments here, I think I need to put
something in context I don't think people understand. When we did the
Housing Element, you have to have a certain number of housing sites.
When you have housing sites—we need to have new housing sites, and that
was the concept of taking this off being a housing site. If you make this a
housing site, people basically have the right to build on that nursery, to build
in that area. What we're doing by removing this as a housing site is creating
flexibility as opposed to taking away flexibility. By passing this—I just want
to get Director Gitelman to weigh in for a second. We're not saying we could

                                                                         Page 72 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
