                          TRANSCRIPT
Sea Reddy: Good evening, City Council. I'd like to thank Mayor Greg
Scharff, Lydia Kou, Greg Tanaka, and Adrian Fine who attended the College
Terrace annual meeting last Saturday. We got to know our Mayor's views a
lot more. I appreciate the time they spent with us. The second item is near
and dear to all of us. This is the time of the week that our seniors in the
accomplished Palo Alto high schools get college notifications. We've all been
parents. Some disappointments, some congratulations, but nothing matters
more than graduating. I can assure the children, the families that they're
going to do fine. They're going to do much better than they might be
thinking. It's time to reflect and congratulate them. Also remember that, if
you are absent for more than six times in a class, you could get an "F," and
you have to be here for summer. We have to manage our children's
whatever, glory or disappointments. Please allow that. Third thing, great
news. There's a lot of talk about President Trump doing this and that. I'm
happy to inform you that one of my customers, managers that I supported
at Boeing has been picked to be the number one Pentagon official. His name
is Pat Shanahan. He is an outstanding person that has the greatest way of
troubleshooting programs, problems, people, and technical issues. He was
the one that recovered the 787 program. Pat has been the senior vice
president of supply chain at Boeing, and he is going to work under General
Mattis. I assure you that he'll do the best for the country. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.    Mark Petersen-Perez to be followed by Ryan
Rzepecki.

Mark Petersen-Perez: [Spanish] I'm going to be returning to Nicaragua, so I
probably won't be back for 6 or 7 months. I've enjoyed coming here and
standing before you as a standup comic. I know that a lot of what I have
said over the years—everyone treats it as a joke. I have been studying First
Amendment law now for nearly 30 years. My mentor is Hayden Covington,
senior chief legal counsel for the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society. That
individual won more First Amendment Supreme Court decisions than any
other person in history. A lot of our First Amendment rights that we have
today and enjoy is the direct result of Jehovah's Witnesses. Liz, I take issue
with you on the First Amendment issue, and I'll explain to you why. This
chamber is a quasi courtroom. There are decorum which we follow and
quite naturally. When you say no booing, hissing, clapping, etc., that is
simply not true. We have a First Amendment right in order to do so. What I
have found over the years, ladies and gentlemen, is that you clap in happy
talk. When there is an issue involving police issues and you're criticizing the
police chief or any other racist activity in this City, you stand up, and you
say "No, you shouldn't do that." That is totally false, and it's a disservice,
Liz, to the First Amendment. Please make a note of that. Thank you.

                                                                             Page 5 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
