                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Why don't we just take a five-minute break.

Vice Mayor Kniss left the meeting at 9:29 P.M.

Council took a break from 9:29 P.M. to 9:36 P.M.

Council Member Holman returned to the meeting at 9:32 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Before we start the presentation, I haven't counted them,
but it looks like close to 30 speaker cards. If there are other speakers, if
you could get it in because I'm not going to take any more speaker cards
after the presentation finishes.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment: Thank
you, Mayor Scharff, Council Members. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm here with Joshuah Mello, who you know. Joshuah has another
fantastic presentation. I wanted to remind everyone who doesn't know this
that Joshuah is right now doing the job of three people . It's been a
tremendous effort for him and his team to bring forward this Evergreen Park
RPP proposal. We're looking forward to presenting it to you this evening and
hearing your thoughts on the pilot program.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Greeting, Mayor, members of
Council. I'm going to talk tonight about a creation of a new Residential
Preferential Parking Program in Evergreen Park and Mayfield. Just to give
you a little bit of background. The Citywide RPP Ordinance clearly defines
findings that must be made in order to implement an RPP Program. These
include the fact that nonresident vehicles substantially interfere with the use
of on-street or alley parking by residents; that the nonresident vehicles
occur at regular and frequent intervals; and that the nonresident vehicles
cause traffic congestion, noise or other disruption. It also outlines that other
alternative parking strategies are not feasible or practical in order to
consider an RPP Program. This particular RPP Program, the Evergreen
Park/Mayfield RPP, began back in February of 2016 when a Colleagues'
Memo was drafted by several Council Members, recommending a College
Terrace-like program in Evergreen Park. In March, before the deadline of
the end of March, a group of residents from Evergreen Park submitted a
petition according to the guidelines that are outlined in the Administrative
Guidelines in the Citywide RPP Ordinance. In April, we brought this petition
as well as several others to the PTC for prioritization, and Evergreen Park
was prioritized over several other petitions that were submitted. In May of
2016, we brought the petition to City Council and received direction from
you to proceed with the Evergreen Park RPP Program.                Immediately
following that meeting, we began initial data collection and initiated a
stakeholder progress as outlined in the Citywide RPP Ordinance. Between
                                                                         Page 74 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
