                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the Amendment. That Amendment fails on a
6-3 Motion with Council Members DuBois voting yes, Council Member Kou
voting yes and Council Member Holman voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 DuBois, Holman, Kou yes

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're back to the main Motion. If we could vote on
the main Motion. That passes on a 7-2 vote with Council Member DuBois
voting no and Council Member Holman voting no.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 DuBois, Holman no

Mayor Scharff: How do people feel about a five-minute break?

Vice Mayor Kniss: That would be very nice.

Mayor Scharff: Let's just take a five-minute break, but let's try and come
back in five minutes.

Council took a break at 8:49 P.M. and returned at 9:00 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: The next item we'll be taking up is childcare. I believe we
have almost all our Council Members back. I see no lights yet, if anyone
wants to weigh in.

Vice Mayor Kniss: On childcare?

Mayor Scharff: On childcare. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll move "G2." That would mean to exclude
childcare from the list of typical uses in neighborhood commercial areas.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to direct Staff to exclude from the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan
Update “child care” from the list of typical Neighborhood Commercial uses.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll speak to it. I was moved by the comments by
Annette Glanckopf earlier. I'm happy to take her considerations and move
forward with "G2."

Mayor Scharff: Do you wish to speak to your second, Vice Mayor Kniss?

Vice Mayor Kniss: Let me say this. This is difficult. For those of us who
have searched for childcare in the past or are searching for it at the present,

                                                                        Page 59 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
