                          TRANSCRIPT
Clara County Public Health Department, the Epi-Aid Study has now been
completed. We understand that the report will be released this Friday
morning, March 3rd, on the Santa Clara County Department of Public
Health's website. I'll provide the address here, and we'll also distribute it.
It's www.sccphd—Santa Clara County Public Health Department--.org/epi-
aid. The City is working closely with Palo Alto School District and Project
Safety Net partners and will coordinate dissemination of the report as well as
a response to the report's findings after it is released. On March 22nd from
4:00 to 6:00 p.m., Project Safety Net is planning to host a special
community forum on the Epi-Aid report.             A location has yet to be
determined, but the meeting will be open to all that are interested. More
information will be posted on the psnpaloalto.org website. Just a couple
more upcoming items of note. Community meetings related to the California
Avenue parking garage that is being developed in conjunction with the Public
Safety Building. On March 8th, two community meetings will be held to
present options and gather input for the proposed California Avenue parking
garage to be constructed in advance of the planned Public Safety Building.
The first meeting will be held during the day, 9:30 a.m., at the Palo Alto
central meeting room, 122 Sherman Avenue, Suite A100. Second meeting
will be held that evening at 6:30 p.m. at the Escondido Elementary School
multipurpose room. The information presented at the meetings will be
identical, so those interested would only need to attend one of these
meetings in order to fit their schedule. Finally, I would just like to note—I'm
sure I'm testing your patience here in City Manager Jim Keene's absence. I
just wanted to report to you that we all know that his return is eagerly
anticipated. He's now, I think, informed all of you of his planned return in
mid-March, a few weeks longer than originally expected to be out. As we all
know, recovery from a medical procedure can take its time. Jim is doing
fine, but he's not running. Thankfully he's not out running yet, so hopefully
you won't see him out running on the street. If you do, let me know. I'll
have a conversation with him on that. We have been juggling items on the
Council agenda so that we can cover the items or actually allow time for Jim
to involve himself directly on those items he's indicated he wants to have
personal involvement with. As a result, we may be juggling some items to a
slightly later date than originally anticipated. I also want to apologize for
some of the hiccups that you've seen in our choreography of the items and
perhaps being a little less nimble in anticipating the time it will take to get
things through the Council discussion. With that, I'm sure we all look
forward to seeing Jim back. That concludes my report.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much.




                                                                        Page 41 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
