                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-3 DuBois, Holman, Kou no

Council Member Fine: I have two more if you'll permit, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Scharff: Go ahead.

Council Member Fine: Thank you. I'll start with the bigger one. I'd like to
strike Section 12 on Page 449, which is expanding the GF district. I'd like to
keep it as it is.

Mayor Scharff: Packet Page 449?

Council Member Fine: That's correct.

Council Member Filseth: I won't accept that.

Council Member Fine: I'll make an unfriendly Amendment to strike Section
12 on Page 449.

Mayor Scharff: You need a second.

Council Member Fine: I do.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member
Tanaka to remove Section 12 from the Ordinance.

Mayor Scharff: You want to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Fine: Sure. I think there was some really hard work done
in 2009 to figure out, as some of the speakers said, with a laser pointer
which buildings are suitable for retail in the GF zone. If you look at the
maps over time, these ones down on the circle and west of High Street have
come in and out. I think all of us know that west of High Street is certainly
a different retail experience. They are not as successful. They are more
marginal businesses, and many of them there are actually supported by one
or two clients, namely Palantir. I don't think we need to add these extra
properties to the GF zone.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: The main reason why I support this Motion is
because in order for retail to be successful you need a certain concentration
of traffic. When you spread traffic out too far, what happens is no one wins.
I think we need to make sure that we have a focused core of retail, that has
high amounts of pedestrian traffic, that allows retail to be successful. If we
don't, what happens is we start legislating vacancies. You start having
                                                                      Page 104 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
