                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Why would we care if we have a CUP for recreation uses?

Mr. Lait: The concern for a commercial recreation is mostly about the
intensity of vehicle trips and parking. If you have, say, a large commercial
fitness studio, like an LA Fitness or something like that—do they have those
out here?

Mayor Scharff: That takes a lot of space.

Mr. Lait: It could, but there's—the spinning courses that take place don't
require a tremendous amount of room. You can put a lot of bikes in there.
It's just a question of how you want to regulate the balance between the
number of trips and parking.

Mayor Scharff: Isn't what we want in retail, to be successful and have a lot
of trips? That's sort of what you want retail to have. The other thing I
wanted to address is retail parking. At least in the Downtown, I don't think
retail creates more trips than office. That's a mistaken thought. I realize
that people think that because they're assuming every car for every person.
15 percent of the people Downtown—I think it's probably higher than that.
It seems to me that a large number of people who are Downtown are
already there for being in the office uses, for being in—whatever reason
you're Downtown already are the people who go to those different retailers.
There's not a specific trip that you're taking in a car for a vast majority of
people for the Downtown. I don't think we necessarily create that many
more trips than we do for retail. Anyway, I have a concern with "H." I have
a concern, as the gentleman who was with Vance Brown. I do think it's a
mistake to add in automotive services as defined in section whatever as a
retail-like use. I think we're capturing people like Vance Brown where they
lease to an automotive use that is really not a retail-like use. We shouldn't
basically have that. That's "K" on Page 430 of the packet page. What else
was I going to say? The basement space I'm not sure of. I understand that
there's a lot of issues, that people are saying that's not being used by
retailers any more. I heard a lot of people talk about that. I'm not really
sure about that. When we get to Page 434, that was the waiver process.
I'm concerned that the waiver process, frankly, is too easy. I'm concerned
that going to the Director's decision makes it too easy and too much
pressure and too easy to frankly change it. It should be that it go to either
the Planning Director who then refers the matter to the City Council or I'm
fine if the Planning Director makes a decision, and then that goes on
Consent, but then Council Members can pull it if they have a problem. It's
just too easy to lose track. The reason I feel so strongly about this is what
happened on California Avenue where Plantation Café was. That was a
really nice plaza, and so many people used that on the street when they

                                                                       Page 77 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
