                          TRANSCRIPT
of Mountain View, I know, has some step-down requirements. I don't know
the details of how that works in Mountain View. I'd heard it works well to
have—they have some clear rules maybe that we might want to look at
about based on the surrounding buildings how high can you build next to
that or across from that. Something to think about. It's also another
example of why we should look at having mixed-use zoning that is more
housing, more homes, and smaller unit homes over retail. As Council
Member Filseth pointed out, this makes the jobs/housing imbalance worse,
not better. That's what our zoning is. When this project started, the calls
for more housing in the community weren't as strong as they are now. It
just kind of reinforces the discussions that have been happening around the
need to change the zoning priorities to be housing over retail. It's also a
good example of where we might want to think about a future of having
coordinated area plans as a more regular zoning tool. This kind of complex
intersection of styles, not just streets, and the complexity of this area, I wish
we'd had a better process, but it's the process that we have. I wish we had
better zoning and better Codes, but they're the zoning and the Codes that
we have. I'm not super thrilled with this, but I am going to support it
reluctantly.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Staff talks about this would be subject to more
detailed Code review when it comes to a building stage. If we're approving
Option 1 here, do we have sufficient detail to know that Option 1 is what
gets submitted?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we're going to have to make sure that what we get
matches the Council's Motion here. We're committing to do that.

Council Member DuBois: I'd offer a friendly Amendment, "E," that this
approval is subject to the actual project matching Option 1. Just because
we've had so many variations, I think we need to be very clear that's what
we're approving.

Mayor Scharff: That's fine. From what I understand, Council Member
DuBois' Motion is that the approval is subject to the project actually
matching Option 1 as described by Staff. Is that—I see no downside to that.

Council Member DuBois: Is that accepted then?

Mayor Scharff: Unless Staff has some objection, forever hold your peace.




                                                                          Page 74 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
