                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Harbour and urge you to deny proposed development plans. To my
surprise, this project made it back to the Council. No changes were made,
and concerns the Council had a year ago are not addressed. The building is
still a huge brick taking over half the block and replacing three distinctly
separate buildings. It's still utterly incompatible with the scale and character
of the neighborhood. Airbnb actually says so. Developer just haphazardly
slopped some architectural elements taken from already-approved buildings
in Palo Alto and just played for time, waiting for the new Council to take over
and hoping to influence you with donations. Now, they present it to us with
a set of alternative facts. Honestly speaking, there is no alternative facts.
There is facts of life. I see (inaudible) interest in it. They're getting five
times square footage they have now and more than six times actually, if you
count underground. I don't see what's in it for Palo Alto. It will worsen our
parking problem Downtown. It will worsen our office/housing imbalance. It
will definitely not going to be an architectural gem. Nothing to be proud of.
All of that on top of not following City's rules and guidelines. Honestly
speaking, this project reminds me of the Cinderella inside out. It's like the
stepmother is forcing ugly daughter's shoe on Cinderella. It's still size 13,
like nothing what you do. It doesn't (inaudible). Developer wasted already
Staff time, resources, now wasting my taxes, my time and your time too.
Please deny the project. Developer apparently has no intention to work with
the City on making this project and have no regard for City's resources and
for good of the community. It's not true there is no other way to build it
here. Walk along University Avenue and you will see plenty of modern
architecture buildings which are working with the old neighbors. Somehow
the owners, I guess, were not that greedy. All the reason you need to deny
is imagining the University Avenue full of those projects of the same
buildings. Here I am. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Mark Mollineaux to be followed by Rita Vrhel.

Mark Mollineaux: Hi there. My name is Mark Mollineaux. I graduated from
Stanford, and I currently live in Redwood City. I live in a warehouse in
Redwood City. Just this week, I learned that my landlord has sold the
warehouse, so I am not going to be living there very soon. All us equal, I
would like to live in Palo Alto. It's very close to Stanford University, and I do
work at Stanford University. However, rents all through the Peninsula,
especially in Palo Alto, are really not very affordable. Buying a place around
here is just impossible. Let's be frank about it. The question is why is this
the case. It's a matter of supply; there's just not enough supply for all the
renters and all the homeowners to be able to live on this limited amount of
land. One small part of this is the approval process. Here in the Palo Alto
City Council, it has arbitrary standards. It can find any reason to deny
something, inconsistent massing, design linkages, unharmonious transitions.
                                                                          Page 41 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
