                         TRANSCRIPT
are different. Never a negative word. Ron Watson as the Acting Police Chief
needs to pay my mother a visit and personally apologize to that woman.
She's 92 years old. Now, speaking publicly, I've learned to switch gears
rapidly. That's—extemporaneously is the word I'm trying to get out. I
taught my students to do that, to move quickly on their feet and to
demonstrate power, pitch and modulation. Have I demonstrated that to you
this evening? Do I come through loud and clear? I'm just a little bit angry
that Patty Lum or Patty lump of human flesh is the Acting Police Chief. She
should be terminated.

Mayor Scharff: Sea Reddy to be followed by Stephen Levy.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, City Council, Honorable Mayor, Vice Mayor and
citizens of Palo Alto. I am going to talk about something just as disturbing,
but we need to talk about it. We're at a crossroads. We have seen on the
television over the weekend how approximately 109 people were subject to
additional questions and interrogation and being in the airports and all that.
Waiting is a great thing. We want to make sure that nobody does any harm
to us. There is 13 million people that have come to this country just like
me, that have been here, that have not been vetted properly. Some of
them have been; some of them haven't been. I think it would be wise for
the President and the team to vet all the people in the country who might
harm us. You never know. Proper resources need to be put to make sure
that we are safe, and the country. Fortunately, we have right here a great
team, two miles from here at Stanford. Dr. William Perry was the Defense
Secretary. He's working on nuclear arms reduction. This is a fantastic time
to work with the Soviets to try to get to the arms reduction. It's going to be
monumental. I think it's time we do this. We want to keep the world a safe
place, and the opportunity is here. I worry about this, and I am sleepless
sometimes. The countries that have nuclear material and how they go about
doing things, what they shouldn't be doing, harming us. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Stephen Levy.

Stephen Levy: I'd like to thank you, Mayor, for at the Retreat on Saturday
letting the people who wanted to speak, speak on time and before the item.
I hope that's a precedent we can carry forward. I'm really lucky. I live a
block away, so I can go back and forth between Channel 26 and basketball.
When I see you're on, I can walk right over. There are lots of people that
have really busy schedules. I hope in the future that we have set times for
public comment at the start of an item. I know an item can run later. To
come here and not know whether we're going to listen to you first or the
Staff first is a huge burden. I hope we can do that. I want to follow up on
what Council Member Wolbach said at the Retreat. I usually don't think of

                                                                        Page 8 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
