                          TRANSCRIPT
but I've always seen you do your own work. That's a real honor to you. I
think you'll anchor us in wisdom and, as Council Member Wolbach said, in
regional connections will help our City solve some of our problems. As you
said yourself in the campaign, experience matters.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I also support Council Member Kniss for Vice
Mayor. I had a chance to campaign with you during the election, and I was
thoroughly impressed. You're gracious. You're well-liked by everyone. You
get things done. I can't think of a better choice for Vice Mayor. You have
my support.

Mayor Scharff: I also would like to say a few words. I've known Council
Member Kniss for a while now. She is one of the most effective leaders we
have regionally. In fact, she is going to be Chair of the Air Board. That is a
huge accomplishment.       I don't think we can tell you how huge an
accomplishment that is for a Council Member to achieve something like that.
That's because she is the most well-thought-of person regionally. She's
extremely gracious.     Everyone likes Liz.      In fact, if you noticed, our
Supervisor made a special effort to swear her in today. That's a testament
to how well Liz is liked regionally. That is a huge benefit for Palo Alto.
Whenever I need anything done regionally, I always talk to Liz about it. I
tell you, nine times out of ten Liz can pull it off. I think Liz will be a great
Vice Mayor. She has my full support. Seeing no further lights, if we could
vote on the board. Community, do we have any? No, we don't have
anything from the community. If we could vote on the board. That also
passes unanimously. Liz, come talk, yes. Do you want to come sit over
here first?

NOMINATION PASSED: 9-0

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm okay right here. I'm kind of used to this. First of all,
if I could just ask my family to stand up.          I will tell you what my
granddaughter said. "What do you do on Monday nights for five or six
hours?" Would you all stand up so I can recognize you? All of you who are
sitting out here, especially those who supported any of us during this past
campaign, know the time, energy and effort that this takes. You need your
family's support to do this. This is a job that takes far more than five or six
hours on Monday nights, and it takes more than either a Tuesday or
Wednesday and sometimes a Thursday night and many days to do this as
well. We do it cheerfully and, I think, in good humor. Would you agree,
Marc Berman, who's sitting in the front row? Assembly Member Marc
Berman. It makes a difference, having the support of the community. I can

                                                                           Page 9 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
