              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Regular Meeting
                                                            February 13, 2017

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:09 P.M.

Present:    DuBois, Filseth, Fine, Holman, Kniss, Kou, Scharff, Tanaka,
            Wolbach

Absent:

Special Orders of the Day

Mayor Scharff: The first thing we have on the Agenda is some Special
Orders of the Day. We have one public speaker, Fred Balin. You'll have 3
minutes.

Fred Balin: This relates to Item Number 4 about Dr. Clarence Jones.
Council Members, Dr. Jones, your family, honored friends and colleagues,
thank you in advance for this indulgence. Nine years ago, Dr. Jones spoke
from this dais to an overflow crowd at the dedication of King Plaza. "By
honoring Dr. and Mrs. King, you honor yourselves," he graciously said. The
concept to rename a Palo Alto public site in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King
and Coretta Scott King came from Council Members Peter Drekmeier and
LaDoris Cordell the year before. City Hall Plaza became the obvious,
appropriate, and meaningful place. You may be surprised that neither in
public discourse nor Council vote was their consensus. The motion passed
5-3 with one no-show. The dedication ceremonies helped change minds.
Eight months later, after an unfortunate comment by the Police Chief
sparked a sizable protest march beginning in East Palo Alto and culminating
in a rally outside this building, the Kings' commemorative plaque situated a
few feet away from Mayor Larry Klein, standing on a ledge in the midst of a
large crowd with no microphone, provided, I believe, the needed oomph and
sincerity as he said with conviction, "There will be no racial profiling in Palo
Alto." Annual commemorations of the Kings continued inside City Hall for
several years before petering out. In the summer of 2013, Dr. Jones, the
subject of an excellent cover piece in The Weekly by Sue Dremann, had at
least a hand and word in another remarkable event on this block, the
commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington. The
event, sponsored by the City and funded by Jim Baer, saw Hamilton Avenue


                                                                       Page 1 of 127
