                          TRANSCRIPT
structures and development. The same thing with energy use. On the
question of schools, I really appreciate the responses from Staff and also
from the consultants to the letter, which I found quite puzzling, from School
Board Member Collins. Certainly on the City/School Liaison Committee,
which I was on with Council Member DuBois last year, the issue of this Comp
Plan, the growth scenarios, the EIR, potential for impact for schools came up
quite clearly, and it was clearly discussed. If the School Board has not yet
agendized a discussion about that, that is not our responsibility, but
something they need to do. I'm glad to hear that Staff will continue the
collaboration they've already done and are looking forward in the next
fortnight to working with the School District staff again. I'm glad to hear
that the numbers that we're using for our projections of how many students
will be associated with new housing are the numbers—in fact, the higher
numbers that we got from the School District themselves. For those who
are concerned that future development will be like previous development in
that it was not all small units, that's the reason we need to emphasize
having more small units. I agree with that. That should be our priority. I
think we've all been really clear and the public's been clear that future
development of housing in Palo Alto ought to focus on smaller places which,
according to the School District, is less likely to create a large impact on the
schools. For those who are concerned that we do not have enough school
sites, it is certainly unfortunate that the schools sold off or leased off many
of its sites many years ago. That doesn't mean that we can't work together,
put our heads together, and find future new school sites if that does become
a necessity. One of the ways to do that is through coordinated area plans,
where you could incorporate a school site along with new housing, places
like Fry's or even potentially the Stanford Research Park. In the future,
those are options that we ought to explore. The phrasing in the policies and
the programs in this Comprehensive Plan point us in that direction and
enable us to have those conversations, so that future housing development
along with schools and park space can all go together. Back in the fall, there
was an email I saw from—somebody had forwarded to me—School Board
Member Collins where he said you can potentially turn it around. Instead of
more housing being a threat to the schools, you can make demographic
hollowing out, which is what they call it in the rust belt cities, a threat. The
kindergarten enrollment decline is a good stat for that. Even School Board
Member Collins has indicated that there's a real danger from—as he said,
people may say lower enrollment is okay, but if you play it out, we end up
losing our identify as a family-oriented school-centric community. Though
there is a preference to have more folks being able to live in Palo Alto, those
who are already part of our community being able to sleep here at night, the
impact to the schools expressed in School Board Member Collins' letter, I
would call hyperbolic and inaccurate.

                                                                            Page 62 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
