                          TRANSCRIPT
safety in our community. I'd like to spend just a couple of minutes going
through some of the particular items and actions that the City has been
involved with. First, noting that this has been a multiyear effort, certainly
since the last major flooding in Palo Alto, there has been major capital
investment as well as ongoing planning for significant upgrades along the
San Francisquito Creek. That said, on an ongoing basis, every year the City
does participate with a number of our partner agencies in preparation both
for avoiding the likelihood of flooding as well as being prepared to respond.
Really, over the past 4 years or so, we have been practicing and
coordinating on a regional basis with two counties, at least three cities, and
multiple agencies in order to maintain a state of readiness and ability to
respond quickly. In particular, over the course of the last year, during the
first week of September, the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority,
JPA, coordinated its annual 2-day walk with the Cities of East Palo Alto,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto as well as San Mateo County and the Santa Clara
Valley Water District to inspect the creek bed between Highway 101 and
Sand Hill Road. We have a photo of the walk in the lower left corner as well
as some of the vegetation that is typically found in the creek bed. As in
years past, the City of Palo Alto has participated with these agencies in order
to identify the appropriate responsibility and jurisdiction for agencies to do
clearing of vegetation where consistent with environmental regulations. In
the past year, gone so far as the City contacting individual property owners
to gain rights of entry to trim trees and remove vegetation where the
existing easements were not sufficient. During the past year prior to the
storm season, within Palo Alto City Staff has completed a number of regular
tasks including checking storm drain out falls in every creek, assembling
sandbags for distribution—this year more than 5,000 sandbags were filled
with sand by Staff—removing trash and vacuuming all seven of the pump
stations to ensure they're functioning, clearing trash capture devices as well
as 3,000 inlet and catch basins.             All of these completed before
December 1st. Staff also inspected approximately 25 private development
sites that have been identified as potential discharge sites for the storm
drain system as well as ongoing routine pruning and tree inspections outside
the creek as well during the course of the year. In terms of emergency
preparation, City and in particular Office of Emergency Services led a
number of regional emergency operations and preparedness workshops in
preparation for the season including a number of exercises to remind and
prepare staff from multiple agencies of responsibilities in the case of large
events. The simulated exercises have been particularly put to practice
during the six storm events to date this season. Whether these events were
requiring diligence and particular monitoring in the evening, weekends or
whenever it happened to require extra staffing, Staff provided this ongoing
monitoring of the situations and communication among agencies, including
weather forecasts through the City's homepage as well as special flood
                                                                        Page 39 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
