                          TRANSCRIPT
you guys put a lot of effort and time into this. There is a lot to like in this
Ordinance. The Ordinance does a lot of what we wanted. I personally think
it needs a little tweaking, not much. It's a good job, and I appreciate the
effort you put into it. I also think it is clear that our retail is extremely
vibrant in Palo Alto. Between Stanford Shopping Center, Town and Country
and Downtown Palo Alto, those are incredibly vibrant areas where retail is
doing extremely well. California Avenue in its own way does well on retail.
A lot of people really enjoy the retail there. It's more of a challenge on
California Avenue for the retail. In thinking about all that, this Ordinance
does do some of those things in terms of making things more flexible. In
going through this on a more granular level, I am concerned about the
requirements and concerns about encourage clear glass in the storefront
windows only because of the comments made by people today, frankly. A
retailer probably to be successful has their own sense of the best way to
make that work. It would be a little mistaken of us to say you have to do
that. On the other hand, the nonconforming uses should absolutely have to
have clear glass in their windows, should have to have—if they don't want
clear glass, they have to have displays. Is there any reason we couldn't do
that?

Mr. Lait: That is the intent here, that we establish the standard, and then
we have something that we can go to those businesses and say, "This is
what the standard is, and we need you to comply with those standards."

Mayor Scharff: I say in the Ordinance—I guess I should turn to the
Ordinance. We talk about nonconforming uses. Why couldn't we put that
section just in the nonconforming use? What I don't want to do is be broad
enough to say to some retailer on—I don't know if it counts or not. The
shoe store, King's Shoes, for instance. They have all the shoes in the
window; you can see the shoes. I assume that's okay. I don't want to
catch-up some retailer and tell them how to run their business when they're
actually doing retail and they're trying to be successful in the Downtown.
What I do want to do is catch all the nonconforming people and make them
do clear storefronts and make them actually see it. That would be under
nonconforming uses. There's a bunch of stuff—I'll let you answer the
question.

Male; What Packet Page is that?

Mayor Scharff:   I'm looking at Packet Page 433 where they call out
nonconforming uses. That's where I wanted to put that in there.

Mr. Lait: In discussing it here at the desk, we believe that there needs to be
a consistent standard that would apply to the nonconforming uses and new

                                                                        Page 75 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
