                          TRANSCRIPT
think, and maybe another Study Session with Council before that. We got
an FTA mobility on demand grant at the end of 2016 of $250,000, which is
going to help us develop our commuter wallet app over the next two years.
That's an app that will allow people to pay for transit, parking, bikeshare,
etc., all in one and will better enable us to incentivize trips by alternate
transportation and better monitor commuting patterns, getting us closer to
our goal of 30 percent reduction in SOV trips in Downtown. The City's traffic
signal system was completely upgraded in 2015 and '16. This year we
began implementing coordinated traffic signal timing. Hopefully you've
noticed improvements on San Antonio, Middlefield and Embarcadero. Next
year, we'll be turning our attention to Alma, University and Charleston-
Arastradero. In 2016, we saw the construction of a 70-unit affordable
housing project on El Camino Real. There was ongoing construction of 180
units of faculty housing on Stanford lands as part of the Mayfield
Development Agreement. Of course, Stanford has 2,000 units of graduate
student housing in Escondido Village on the Stanford campus planned. The
City has pending applications for new rental housing including an application
for 50 units in two buildings at 3001 El Camino Real, otherwise known as the
old Mike's Bikes lot, and a potential pilot project of 60 small units at the
Page Mill/El Camino corner, formerly the VTA lot. My understanding is we've
just received an application for that. Over the past 40 years or so, the City's
averaged about 160 new dwelling units per year. A lot of the housing that
gets built in Palo Alto is replacement housing, specifically new single-family
homes replacing older homes. We saw about 100 such projects last year.
The Council did see a focus on accessory dwelling units last year, and we'll
be coming back to Council within the next month on a Draft Ordinance.
We've been working to adjust housing impact fees that generate funding to
support affordable housing. Right now, we have an estimated $8 million in
uncommitted funds we could make available for development.                That's
outside of the funding that the City has scheduled towards the Buena Vista
project. I would hope that we're able to advance the housing possibilities
next year. Almost at the end. In the realm of infrastructure, I think the big
story just as time is money, we have projects approved by you; they're
under way. We expect that that Highway 101 overcrossing by the end of
this year we would have completed our environmental clearances and have
about 65 percent of our design completion. Fire Station Number 3, we will
complete design and 30 percent of the construction under way. For the
Public Safety Building, we would complete the CEQA environmental review
and preliminary design. For certain, the golf course itself will reopen in 2017
to play to a new links course that we think will without a doubt be the best
destination public golf course on the Peninsula. Just some wrap-up issues
that are out there. Fiber is one. A lot of different moving aspects to that. I
think it would be good for the City to really define our strategy this year
going forward. We have decisions to make on the animal shelter, which will
                                                                          Page 12 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
