                          TRANSCRIPT
survey itself. The thing is when it comes to determining initial costs for
plug-ins and electric vehicles, there's obviously a cost compared to getting a
gas vehicle initially.

Ms. Richardson:        Correct.    I didn't run demographics against those
questions. I'd have to do that. I primarily limited the demographics to the
mobility, quality of life and built environment questions.

Council Member Kou: Page 14, on the volunteer times, how do you collect
that number?

Ms. Richardson: We get that from the departments.            The departments
provide that information to us.

Council Member Kou: Animal Services, do you happen to know why the
number of pets returned to their owners have decreased?

Ms. Richardson: No, I don't. One of the things about the Performance
Report right now is the departments provide us the information. We compile
it. We actually don't audit the numbers or ask a lot of questions about why
they are what they are. Over the next 2 years or so, we're going to be
transitioning the Performance Report to the City Manager. I think Jim will be
talking more about this a little bit later, establishing more of a performance
management system. The auditor's role will change to auditing those
numbers. Right now I can't answer that question.

Council Member Kou: I just want to say thank you so much for all the work
you did on getting this together. As you were presenting, I think my heart
was sinking with the number of declines. On your report to the citizens over
here, I see key measures. There's 25 of them. Out of the 25, 18 are
declines. It really, really gives me an idea of—it does make me concerned
on a trend. At the end of the day, more importantly we need to remember
it's about the existing residents that are living here and their quality of life
and how to ensure that we keep that moving upward rather than going
down. That's all I have to say. Thanks.

Council Member DuBois: One quick question, Harriet. When do we get the
initial report back from the National Research Center?

Ms. Richardson: The very first draft came in mid-November, and then we
have some back and forth with the corrections.

Council Member DuBois: Again, thank you for the work your team did. I
actually want to thank the community for the excellent feedback. Council
Member Filseth pointed us to the open-ended responses. Some people have
                                                                          Page 27 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
