                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. McCown: Our last slide shows a graphic that is trying to reveal the
review process that will happen over the next many months, probably
through about a year or so from now. The circle up at the top left is a date
back in June of 2016, when Stanford hosted a number of open houses in the
community before we actually put this application together for submission to
the County. The very light circle on the right there, Number 2, is when we
submitted the application in November. The County now has a requirement
for an application like this to hold an early community meeting to present
information about the application.       That was the meeting we held on
January 25 at Mitchell Park Community Center. We were very pleased to
have over 100 people come to that meeting. On February 8th, the County
hosted a meeting that it holds to receive comments from the public as to
what the Environmental Impact Report should study.           Obviously, your
meeting this evening is to focus on that same aspect. While the Draft EIR is
being prepared by the County's consultants—that's where the red ball and
arrow is showing—Stanford intends to actively offer additional meetings with
other local cities, with community groups, with anyone who would like to
hear about the application and give us direct feedback about it. Circle
Number 6 on there, there's no date assigned to this, but this is the point in
the process when the County will issue a Draft Environmental Impact Report
(EIR). That will then become available to the community to review the work
that the County's consultant has done and its analysis of all of the relevant
impact issues. There will be public hearings at that stage conducted by the
County to receive community comments about that draft. The County's
consultant will take all of those comments and questions, respond to them,
and issue a Final Environmental Impact Report. That document will then go
through, again, additional public hearing, meetings with the County Planning
Commission, and ultimately with the Board of Supervisors. That Final EIR
needs to be reviewed and considered by both of those entities before any
decision is made on the final application. Again, we haven't assigned any
dates to any of these because we don't know quite how long it will take and
what dates will come up. We're at best thinking sometime a year from now
is when this will be getting ready for decision making. With that, we're open
and available to answer questions.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much for that presentation. We have a
number of members of the public who would like to speak. Let's go to the
public. Fred Balin to be followed by Herb Borock.

Fred Balin: Thank you. I'll talk first a little bit about the Foothills. We have
the Foothills district within the Stanford lands, those across Junipero Serra,
and we have Foothills Park of Palo Alto. An analogy was made between the
Foothills in both jurisdictions. Foothills Park is controlled by a Charter
amendment to the City of Palo Alto, and it cannot be used for any other
                                                                         Page 19 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
