                         TRANSCRIPT
Action Items. On the balance of the Consent Calendar, if I see no more
lights, do we have a Motion to approve?

Council Member Filseth: So moved.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 7-8, 10, 12-13, 15-18.

Mayor Scharff:   That's been first and seconded, if we could vote on the
board.

Female: (Inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: There are speakers; you're absolutely right.     Thank you.
First speaker is Barbara Riedor.

Barbara Riedor, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 10: Members of
the Council and Mayor, I'm here to request that you withdraw my emailed
January 1st request to remove from the Consent Calendar Item Number 10,
which is the contract with Tim Sheeper for the Rinconada pool. I want to let
you know that on Friday the eight of us that were a mix of morning and
midday lap swimmers met with four of the Community Services Division
Staff, a member of the Parks and Recreation Commission and with Tim
Sheeper to discuss the 2017 pool schedule. I would say that we had a very
successful dialog about that schedule and our interest as committed
stakeholders to continue working with the Community Services Department
in terms of the expanded and balanced use for all five swim groups in our
near future. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Timothy Wong to be followed by Jim Migdal.

Timothy Wong, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 10: Good evening
members of the City Council. Again, I'd like to echo my appreciation for
your dedicated services and the time that you spend to work on our City.
My name is Timothy Wong. I live in Palo Alto in Southgate. I'm speaking on
Item 10 as well. I just want to show my appreciation for your forward
looking in introducing more programs and extended hours for our pool in
Palo Alto. Over the years, I've been able to use the Burgess pool in Menlo
Park and had the pleasure of working out at the pool. It offers wonderful
programs. I've been able to introduce friends to use the pool in Menlo Park.
I'd like to say I think we're going to be good having Team Sheeper run our
programs in Rinconada. I applaud you for looking forward and making some
progress with our aquatic programs in Palo Alto. Thank you very much.
                                                                      Page 30 of 60
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/9/17
