                          TRANSCRIPT
from there that are RM-30. As far as how it fits into the context of the area,
it's a mixed bag. Again, I guess I'm looking for a more compelling argument
in favor of seeing the change there. As far as the style goes, I'm not
enthusiastic about the style. I don't think the neighbors in Ventura and in
Green Acres and in Barron Park are going to be excited about this stylistic
approach either. I think that's an important thing to be extremely sensitive
to in proposing any project in this area. We did see at least one letter from
the public suggesting that a fully below market rate project be proposed
here. Obviously the architect isn't going to make that decision, and I don't
think the current applicant is interested in doing that. The suggestion was
that if the up-zoning is allowed, that be in the context of going to essentially
fully below market rate. Given the proximity to the infamous Maybell site
and how that turned out, I frankly have a hard time envisioning any
affordable housing developer getting excited about putting in a bid to this
developer to buy the project and then bring forward a future, fully BMR
project there. I don't see a real path forward for that as much as I'm in
favor of more BMR housing even in that part of town. I just don't see a path
towards that becoming a reality unfortunately. I guess what I'm left with is
thinking that either the current zoning or something less than the proposed
zoning change is the range that I'm more excited about. I would like to see
this be something other than a barren lot. I would like to see it be housing
or include housing. I'm just not excited about this particular proposal.
Again, the lack of what I see as real transit options in there right now and
the design are two of my primary concerns.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: It's always interesting to have run for office in the fall
where we all spoke about the need for housing, but now we're approaching
this very, very delicately for whatever reason. I think we probably all have
our own reasons. I'm actually going to start with something Lydia Kou
mentioned, which is the design. I have a feeling a more—I'm not even sure
what kind of design to call it. It might fit in more with that particular area,
whatever that might be. It's always hard to say what we really would have
liked was something that looked like this or like that, whatever that might
have been. I am not sure what others would say, but it probably looks too
modern.

Mr. Hayes: The design can take any shape.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I actually like the idea of looking at the intensification as
Adrian Fine just said. The intensification of the area and how we can begin
to look at this is something we have said we would do. I don't know if
Cory's idea would work, that we do something between 15 and 30. I don't

                                                                         Page 26 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
