                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: That was seconded by Council Member DuBois. Vice Mayor
Kniss, would you like to speak to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Kniss: No. I think we're beating this to death tonight. I think
we can move this on pretty quickly.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: This is a completely different situation actually.
This is a new opening. The proper thing we would normally do is put it open
for applications. Again, I think there's a very big difference between Items
19 and 20. I agree with the Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: Having served on the PTC for a couple of terms, I
actually believe that the PTC could do a lot more for Council. I support the
current Motion on the floor. I think it's actually a really good thing, but I
wanted to float the idea of rather than just the one open seat that Council
Member Fine used to have, if we get say two strong candidates or three
really strong candidates, would we not want to consider appointing them in
the place of some of the current members? I wanted to float this idea out to
my members.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm not sure that's legit. Is it?

Mayor Scharff: You can put your lights on and address the comments, if we
want to. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Is what you're suggesting that the Council would
replace sitting Planning Commissioners?

Council Member Tanaka: Yes.

Council Member Holman: I would never support that, not in a process like
this. I'm not sure that we even have a process that would allow for that. I
think that's a little off the wall.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm just going to address the Motion that's
actually in front of us. We actually might want to tweak this a little bit
because we don't really have a current pool. We have the most recent pool.
We should probably change "current" to "most recent" pool of applicants.
This is a very different situation where we haven't recruited for this
particular one. With that change, it looks like the maker and seconder are
                                                                       Page 54 of 60
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/9/17
