                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: One other Amendment in Section 5, "F", housing
units shall be deed restricted for 100-percent affordable housing units for no
less than 30 years. Council Member Fine and I were having a conversation
over here. We thought it was at some point in time going to be 55 years, so
I'd offer that Amendment, that it be 55 years.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine accepts that?

Council Member Fine: I'd accept that. A quick question to Staff. I thought
we had previously talked about changing those references to 30 years to 55
kind of across the board. Am I mistaken?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “replace in Section 5,
18.42.140(f) ‘30 years’ with ‘55 years.’” (New Part A.iv.)

Mr. Lait: I think we could do 55 here. As we're talking and have been
talking since the question was asked, we think that there was another—you
may recall we were talking about hotel conversions at one point to
affordable housing. There the 30 years was significant because it had to do
with when the assessor's office reevaluated, reassessed property. I think in
this instance, we could do 55 years. That was just inadvertent.

Council Member Fine: Thank you.

Council Member Holman: I think lastly is the loading zone. I'm looking for
which number that is. Here it is, Section 8. I guess I would look to
colleagues to come up with some—

Mayor Scharff: You have the floor.

Council Member Holman: I know. I'm not really comfortable with being
totally discretionary. With existing development, I can understand why. We
have a lot of older buildings that don't have even their own parking, let
alone an onsite loading zone.         I'm not comfortable with this being
discretionary. I don't have specific language. I apologize for that. I look to
somebody else who might second an Amendment to come up with language.

Mayor Scharff: Are you done and should I go to Council Member Filseth?
He's got his light on.

Council Member Holman: That'd be good. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Go ahead.

Council Member Filseth: Where are we? Did Karen just make a Motion?
                                                                       Page 91 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
