                          TRANSCRIPT
      Bike Bridge

      Cubberley Community Center

      Healthy Cities/Healthy Communities

Mayor Scharff: Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me first say that everything on this list is
important. There is nothing that any of my colleagues have suggested on
this list that isn't important. I would add to that those things that have been
raised by the community today and in recent days, weeks, months. Very
notably issues around groundwater safety, groundwater supply, the flooding
issues. My own house is in the floodplain, so I'm very sensitive to those
issues. We were lucky in '98, but a lot of other folks weren't. We were
lucky this year. Thank you, Hamilton, for pointing out that it was close. So
far this year—knock on wood—we've been lucky as a community here in Palo
Alto. Also the issues around airplane noise, which are receiving already a lot
of attention from the Council and from the Staff. All of these things are very
important. The question, then, is if we're only going to pick three or maybe
four Priorities, what do pick from this excellent list of lots of Priorities?
Again, the idea of these Priorities is that they're things that we have on our
short list for 1-3 years. They get extra Staff time and extra Council time
and attention. What we should be looking at are things where, with 1-3
years of extra Staff and Council attention, we can make real, demonstrable
progress in a way that helps the City, either in a way that the community
really sees or, if it's a backend thing like finances or changing City culture,
something like that, where it has a positive impact that might not be
immediately demonstrable to the community but has a long-term benefit for
how the City is run and long-term benefit for how we deliver services
efficiently. That's how I'm approaching thinking about this. What can we
pick from this great list as a top three? The ones I've focused on here are
housing, I can talk about the different parts of that; transportation, the
different parts of that; and one that's a little bit different. I would suggest
not just putting it under Healthy Cities, Healthy Communities but
transitioning. We've done Healthy Cities Healthy Communities for a couple
of years. I think we've made real progress. We can take that one off our
Priorities list without losing it as something that's important for the City.
We've taken the important steps to become a Healthy City and a Healthy
Community. The one I would suggest adding is human and civil rights,
building upon the Resolution that we passed unanimously last month,
recognizing the changing administration at the national level, recognizing the
concerns that still exist and will increasingly exist for a lot of our I our
community, looking at the group from Oaxaca that did not visit Palo Alto

                                                                         Page 59 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
