                          TRANSCRIPT
they've increased to 70 percent. Here are some indicators that show some
significant changes between how the economy has affected people
individually. When we look at the median household income, we see an
increase of 15.7 percent from 117,000 a year to just under 136,000 a year.
However, the percentage of survey respondents who said that they pay
$2,500 or more per month for housing cost has increased 22 percent. The
median home sales price increased 46 percent. Really what that's saying is
that, even though your income is going up a little bit, your housing costs are
going up a lot more than your income. Only 6 percent of the respondents
rated the availability of affordable, quality housing as excellent or good. The
average residential utility bill also increased. The biggest increase was with
water, an 88 percent increase. Electricity stayed the same, no change in
that. Gas declined. You're seeing that increase primarily being pulled
through the water increase and the refuse increase. The next facet is
education and enrichment. This thinks about different ways that people can
participate in activities to make them healthier, give them mental
stimulation, those types of things. The first one, availability of—the first one
pertains to some opportunities, availability of affordable, quality childcare
and preschool ratings. In the National Citizens Survey, that increased 4
percentage points, but that's still a low percentage, 39 percent. They're
saying that the kindergarten through twelfth grade education ratings
declined slightly, 92 to 90 percent, but those are still considered very high
ratings. Public library services have increased 83 percent to 91 percent.
That's been a steady increase. We've seen that, as the new libraries came
online, those ratings were increasing at the same time. Adult educational
opportunities weren't rated in 2011, and neither were opportunities for
education enrichment. Those questions were first asked in 2014. I did a
comparison of those, and they both declined, the first one about 11
percentage points and the second one about 5 percentage points. Looking
at some things pertaining to the Library. The total items in the Library
collection increased 48 percent. A lot of that would likely be due to bringing
the two new libraries online. Checkouts declined 5 percent, from 1.5 million
to 1.4 million. I think you see a lot of the reason for that in the next item,
where the total number of internet sessions at the libraries increased 35
percent. It seems to reflect that a lot of people are using the Library more
to get information through the internet. That was a pretty big increase
there. Total Library visits increased 7 percent, and that continues to go up.
The Library has increased both the number of programs that it offers and its
attendance in those programs. That increased 122 percent, more than
doubled from 24,000 to about 54,000. With Community Services, the
attendance at performances increased about 56 percent at the Children's
Theatre and declined slightly, about 3 percent, at the Community Theatre.
The art exhibition visitors increased 184 percent, and that's quite a huge
increase. These numbers for these increases are interesting because, when
                                                                          Page 14 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
