                          TRANSCRIPT
worse than what we had before. I don't want to tell restaurants how to run
their business and redistribute tips. That wasn't really the intent. I think
Council Member Holman is correct. We're conflating different ideas here
now. This was really for a tipped worker, restaurant or other kinds of tips.
If you're making $100 an hour including your tips, we're not really raising
the minimum wage for those people. It was for the people that are making
less than $15 an hour. I think the original intent was that. Maybe the
wording wasn't perfect. I think there was some idea that there could be
tipped workers who are making less than minimum wage. I think our
lobbyists were clear about what we were intending. I can attempt maybe
some more language, if there's support for what I'm saying among my
Colleagues.

Mayor Scharff:    Why don't you throw it out there and see if you get a
second.

Council Member DuBois: I would say "allow cities to deviate from minimum
wage requirements when income including tips exceeds minimum wage."

Vice Mayor Kniss: (Inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: No. The question is do you want to second it or not. Let's
wait. I'm just waiting. If anyone wants to second it, you can say it now or
we can wait until the Clerk finishes typing it. If there is no second—there
could be no second.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I think I'll second it. I think it actually has more clarity as
I read it. You're just saying deviate from minimum wage requirements when
the income including the tips exceeds the minimum wage. You do mean
that the minimum wage then—that they would not have to be paid the
minimum wage. Correct?

AMENDMENT: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to replace the Motion Part A with, “allow cities to deviate from
minimum wage requirements when income including tips exceeds minimum
wage.”

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I'm trying to make this broad enough that
our lobbyists can explore options.

Vice Mayor Kniss: The whole goal is that they wouldn't have to pay
minimum wage to their front staff that makes far more money than the
back-of-the-house.

Council Member DuBois: Right.
                                                                          Page 43 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
