                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: That's fine. Thank you. A couple of things.
Scenario 6, we had—before you start the timer.        Can we start now?
Scenario 6, we had voted that would have 10 percent less square footage of
commercial, but yet—this has been brought up before—the number of jobs
are the same. Could you explain that?

Ms. Gitelman: I would have to go back in my notes to recreate exactly how
we got to these scenarios. I believe it was with very specific direction and a
very specific Motion from the City Council that directed us to include the
square footage of 2.4 million square feet in both Scenarios 5 and 6 and, at
that point, did not modify the job number downward. We as professionals
still think that job number would be difficult to rationalize given the amount
of office and other space that already exists in Palo Alto, and this
phenomenon that I mentioned, that job growth is not just tied to new
development space; it also has to do with how many workers are going into
existing space. I know this has come up a number of times. These are the
scenarios we've analyzed.

Council Member Holman: Maybe some of my colleagues can recall. We did
reduce the floor area ratio, the square footage of office in Scenario 6.

Ms. Gitelman: That's reflected in this number. 2.4 is the number that was
directed by Council.

Council Member Holman: It's the same as Scenario 5.

Ms. Gitelman: they were both directed to have the same square footage.
That reflects the Council's direction.

Council Member Holman: I have a different memory—I could be wrong—of
that. In some of the things we have here—we recently, the majority
Council, approved an ADU Ordinance that has not been analyzed in the EIR.
It essentially is like a zoning change. Some people would say it basically
changes much of Palo Alto to R-2 and allows a lot more housing density.
Should that be included in analysis in the DEIR?

Ms. Gitelman: That's a really good question. We'll, of course, provide a
complete response in the Final EIR.      The scenarios did assume some
evolution of the City's policies on ADU. If you recall, the Council had a
Colleagues' Memo that had been referred to the PTC. When we were
crafting scenarios, at least some of the scenarios assumed a policy to
encourage additional ADUs. I think we're covered there.

Council Member Holman: There could be a case made also that that goes a
lot further than what we probably anticipated happening because there's no
                                                                           Page 18 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
