                         TRANSCRIPT
Cubberley sites. That's why I think it belongs in the Comprehensive Plan;
it's a policy.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou, speak to your second.

Council Member Kou: It's been in the current Comprehensive Plan for about
40 years.

Mayor Scharff: It hasn't. It's not in the …

Council Member Kou: It's not, but the text is in it. Let me reword. The text
is in there. Let's make it firm and have it as a policy. Everything that
Council Member Holman had said makes sense.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: I will not be supporting this Amendment. In contrast
to Council Member Holman, I'm not sure I'm comfortable including a specific
unit measure as our height limit in the Comprehensive Plan, because I'm not
sure it will serve our City well over the next 15-20 years. I believe keeping
it outside the Comprehensive Plan, as has been done, is a way to allow us to
identify flexibilities we need in the future. It could be Cubberley and Fry's.
It could also be affordable housing or it could be another Public Safety
Building perhaps or a nonprofit space. I'd prefer to go with the original
Motion. I'll be not supporting this one.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I find myself in the same space as Council Member
Fine here. I'm certainly not prepared to repeal and replace it tonight. At the
same time, I don't think we should ban it outright. We don't know what our
needs are going to be 10, 15 years from now. The way it is has worked
reasonably well for many years now. I'm okay with proceeding that way.

Mayor Scharff: I'm going to speak briefly to it. It has worked reasonably
well. There's an interesting community conversation regarding the height
limit. I personally support 55 feet for retail. That's something that would be
worth doing. We need to have community conversations on that before we
move forward. We'd have better retail, better architecture and a better
sense of place in Palo Alto, and people would enjoy that better. Not putting
it in the Comp Plan and leaving it in the Ordinance allows those
conversations to take place over time.          That's something that's really
important for the community. I don't think breaking the 50-foot height limit
is something people will do without thought and deliberation. We haven't
done it for 40 years.
                                                                       Page 57 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
