                          TRANSCRIPT
5:00 or use that same cost to carry three, four, five other people in other
parts of the county? It's a difficult tradeoff. This is where we've landed. If
we're in error here, if the community wants to see a different balance, we're
happy to take that feedback and reevaluate it for the development of the
final plan.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I don't think we're bad at sharing. I can't remember a
time when VTA has come to us at this end of the county and said, "We really
need to increase your bus service." Do you recall that? I don't know how
long you've been with VTA. My recollection is, as far back as I can recall,
the tendency has been to cut especially at either end of the county and on
the edges. Do you want to talk about the community buses for a minute?
By the way, a community bus is not a small bus. What we're talking about
is the same bus with a different fare. Correct?

Mr. Burger: Right. One of VTA's many classes of service is a community
bus. These are buses that are typically operated at 60-minute frequency on
weekdays only. These buses carry a lower fare of $1.25 compared to VTA's
$2 base fare. That was arranged at a time when VTA placed trainee
operators on community bus routes; therefore, having a lower pay rate, the
lower fare was justified. VTA no longer places those operators on those
routes, so the fares taken in on them are lower than other routes while
having the same cost per hour to operate. That's the reason why VTA is
proposing to no longer carry that fare.

Vice Mayor Kniss: One last question, and it's one that I probably should
direct to Josh. We have a shuttle of our own, and Stanford has their own
shuttle, which is the Marguerite. Do you have any idea what our cost per
mile is to operate the shuttle that we operate on a private basis, on a daily
basis?

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official:          Joshuah Mello, Chief
Transportation Official with the City of Palo Alto. Our shuttle service roughly
costs about $300,000 per route per year. We run it about half hour
headways throughout the day. It would all depend on the length of the
route and how many vehicles were assigned to the route. Generally, we are
using about a $300,000 per year per route number, when we're doing our
shuttle planning.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Do we have that per mile or not?

Mr. Mello: No, it's per vehicle. It depends on how long the route is and how
many vehicles it takes to serve that route at a 30-minute headway. Our two
routes would be different in that aspect.

                                                                        Page 14 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
