                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Yeah. The Code says you've got to do the onsite loading.

Mayor Scharff: You have more questions or you're done?

Council Member Filseth: Not on this one. I actually wanted to go back to
yet again the small lot consolidate one. (crosstalk)

Mayor Scharff: Before we go there, I just want to make sure Council
Member Fine was good with this. I'm good with it. It's in. Do you have this
issue, Council Member Holman?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion “add to Section 7 (Table 4)
Modification to Off… and Section 8(e) ‘and the use of shared on-street
loading would not conflict with Comprehensive Plan goals and policies related
to site design planning, circulation and access or urban design principles;
maximum reduction in one loading space.’” (New Part A.v.)

Council Member Holman: Yes. About this, it says shared—where did it go.
The use of shared on-street loading. Why is it shared on-street loading?
Why not just on-street loading? What is shared on-street loading?

Ms. Gitelman: The whole concept of putting loading on the street is you'll
stripe a red zone or something. It's a shared resource that anyone can use.
It's not reserved for that individual property owner. It'll be a red curb or
yellow curb.

Council Member Holman: I'm a little uncomfortable with the word shared
just because my experience being Downtown is trucks just pull up and park
in the street. They don't go to the curb. They don't even go to the curb.
For me if the maker of this amendment would accept just taking out the
word shared. I think it's meaningless.

Council Member Filseth: It's okay with me.

Mayor Scharff: I'm not sure it's okay with me. I think the term shared—not
to be nitpicky, but the term shared implies what we're looking for people to
do, which is to share the on-load zoning. We want them to do that. That's
the whole goal. If there is a loading zone, they use the loading zone. This is
not your loading zone for your project; it's the loading zone that's there, that
anyone can use. That's what we should strive for.

Council Member Filseth: The wordsmithing here, which I don't like to do.

Mayor Scharff: It's after 11:00; that's always a good time.

                                                                         Page 95 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
