                          TRANSCRIPT
was started by a woman, my wife, and we now have two female partners. It
has been a majority female business for that 30 years. There are more
women than there are men there. Not that that is a particular difference,
whether it's men or women. We have been dealing with some derelict
trucks on our street, one that was parked in front of our business as of last
week and has now been moved several spaces away from our business.
However, it has a resident in it that has now been banned from the
Opportunity Center and was jailed apparently for several days as a result of
an altercation there. This is a particular threat to my employees and my
clients. It is an issue that could potentially be resolved by simply having the
police deal with those trucks the way that the posted parking would require
them to be removed at the end of the day. However, as we've understood
in two discussions with the police, the reason that they do not tow them is
because the likelihood of recovering the cost of that is extremely low to nil.
No one would ever come and claim those cars, and then the City would have
to bear the cost of the towing as well as the storage of them. That does not
negate the impact that it has on both my employees, which are there many
times after dark and often at 6:00 a.m. in order to beat traffic. I would like
to ask the City's help in dealing with these two trucks and any further
trucks, to be able to get them off our street, to get them towed, and get rid
of this particular problem that we're having. Any help that you could offer in
encouraging the police to act on this would be very helpful to us. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. I would ask the City Manager to look
into it. Next up we have Monty Frost.

Monty Frost: Members of the Council, I'm Monty Frost. I'm a resident, and
I'm here to support Dan Garber, the previous speaker. I and my wife own
two buildings on Encino Avenue. We are impacted by the trucks that are
there. I thank you for your request to deal with them. I just want to point
out that Dan and his architecture firm with many women in it do inhabit one
of the buildings that we own. The other is used by the Palo Alto Medical
Foundation. Palo Alto Medical Foundation uses it for a combination of
medical records storage, for which there are many women there that are
attending to those records. They also use it for yoga, partly for young
people to come and get yoga as a community service as given by the Palo
Alto Medical Foundation. Dan sent an email in with some pictures of these
trucks. I'll tell you they're scary looking; they're derelict trucks; they're just
parked there. They don't really exude safety. I wouldn't want my wife to
walk past a derelict truck parked there at dusk. I think it's a safety issue.
As far as I'm concerned, I need to provide a safe space for my tenants.
There is signage there, which prohibits overnight parking. You heard Dan's
explanation of why the police aren't towing because it might be expensive to
                                                                               Page 7 of 91
                                                               Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 03/20/17
