                           TRANSCRIPT
meet with this gentleman at the end. I do believe he said he was on the
watch list. I'll let Moe explain that a little bit further in terms of the process.

Moe Kumre, Santa Clara County Weed Abatement Manager: Hello. My
name is Moe Kumre. I am the Weed Abatement Manager for Santa Clara
County, including Palo Alto. As we are doing our inspections throughout any
jurisdiction, we do note properties that are noncompliant. I may be going to
look at one property; I see another. We send them a notice informing them
that they're being added to the weed abatement program and that we'll be
monitoring them for three years to ensure compliance. It's been our
experience—this program has been in effect since the early '70s. It's been
our experience that if we only put them on for one year, then after the first
year, the next year, they're bad, and we have to go through the process all
over again. We have to go through these hearings to be able to take any
corrective actions.     However, we do occasionally make mistakes or
misjudgments, so we'll be happy to work with the property owner to ensure
that that didn't occur. If it did, we'll take corrective actions with the Chief's
approval.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for that. Unless the Mayor
wants to have any more comments on this, I'd be happy …

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou. You can make comments. Now, you
can make …

Council Member Wolbach: I'll just say that I appreciate that. I appreciate
that the Staff has said they'll follow up with this gentleman directly and try
to resolve his issue. Based on what we've seen tonight, it looks like there's
some room to work with that gentleman. Also, I think it's important that we
want to abate weeds and that we be reasonable about enforcements.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: What kind of fines are involved?

Mr. Kumre: Technically, there are no fines. There are fees associated
because this is a cost recovery program. The City doesn't currently pay
anything for the service. It's entirely funded by those people who are found
to be noncompliant. Last year, as I understood what he said, being added
to the program, he's not been assessed any fees as of yet. Should he
remain on the program, there's an inspection fee of every parcel that we
have to inspect because of the noncompliance issue of $60. If the properties
are compliant, that's all they would pay. That would be it; we'd leave them
alone. If it's noncompliant, then they would have a failed inspection fee.
That's $485, and it now results in us having to process a work order and
                                                                            Page 26 of 78
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 2/6/17
