                          TRANSCRIPT
all hotel TOT to commercial use. What we were asked to do when we put
the methodology for this study together was to actually trace back those
revenues to their driver. In some instances, it's households from the City
that are making retail purchases, and we assume that that retail sales
revenue is attributable to households, the residential land use. The same
goes for hotel. There's some element of the TOT revenue that we attribute
to households because when friends and relatives come to visit residents of
town, that TOT revenue is attributed to having households here. It's a
methodology that we crafted around the issues in Palo Alto and the
questions the Council was asking at the time. It's not as simple as some
studies, which just look at the revenues' first point of entry.

Council Member Tanaka:         I just want to make sure that this is
comprehensive, this is including all the costs and all the revenue, that we're
not missing something. If it is, that's great. This is good, all the more
positive. It's different from what I remember before. That's why I'm
questioning it.

Mayor Scharff: Are you done? Thank you. I had a couple of things. First of
all, I also wanted to say I thought the EIR and the Draft EIR, the
supplemental part, were really done well. They dealt with all of the issues
for the most part. In fact, I couldn't think of any you didn't deal with. I
thought you did an excellent job on that. The EIR is well done and well
crafted. I would associate my comments in some ways with Council Member
Filseth, who talked about how it was great we went through all of these
different things. In fact, I thought we were far more in-depth and thoughtful
than a lot of EIRs I've read. I want to tell Staff I thought it was great. On
the fiscal analysis, I also have a huge cognitive dissonance over the fiscal
analysis and what I believe to be true. When I look through the fiscal
analysis itself, for instance—basically you take Public Safety, which is
probably our most expensive department, and 70 percent of that is allocated
towards employment because most of the stuff that we have goes on
Downtown. That's not the office buildings. That's basically because we have
bars and restaurants Downtown, and people get drunk on a Friday and
Saturday night, and those kinds of things. By just allocating stuff like that,
it seems that we skew the whole—the way this works. What I took out of
this is really more high level. When we do this on any of the scenarios, it's
not going to break the City one way or the other or it's not going to make us
a lot of money either way. I actually think if it was really that important, we
spend the time on it. I actually would have lots of questions for the
consultant, like Public Safety 70 percent Downtown because it's retail. Other
things that come to mind are the amount of sales tax we generate in the
Research Park is equal to the amount of sales tax we generate Downtown.
Given that's true, it doesn't really make a lot of sense to me to say new jobs
                                                                            Page 66 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
