                          TRANSCRIPT
resident in February 2016. When I came over here, I met with a group of
Chinese community, group of Chinese living in Palo Alto. They told me two
things. I need to get involved and involved quickly. One is the election in
2016. One is 429 University Avenue. I did study; I did read this thick of the
email. I find out the majority of people that against the building is because
it's massive. It was a different architectural design. If Palo Alto's going to
be the international favorite city for innovation and for going forward in the
future, it's going to have change whatever the environment, the architect.
After looking into it, after talking to (inaudible) Chinese New Year, last
Saturday I believe—I attended so many Chinese New Year party I don't
remember what it is. I come to the conclusion that after two—somebody
said two, somebody said three, somebody four—four years of reviewing all
this, after the changing from Option 1, Option 2, Option 3, one starts
wondering why this is continuing to be delay on deny. Our community
recommend that we go ahead and approve the building and move forward,
looking for the better Palo Alto so all the public including the City can benefit
from this development. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Amy Sung to be followed by Cheryl Lilienstein.

Amy Sung: Good evening, Mayor, Council Members, Staff. My name is Amy
Sung, and I live in Palo Alto. I'm a realtor, but tonight I'm here standing
before you as somebody who's really interested in the future of Palo Alto.
I'm here to seek and urge you to—I'm here to support the 429 University
project. I urge you to grant it the permit that it seeks. Let me start by
saying that this project really is good for Palo Alto's bottom line while it
helps Palo Alto to achieve the goals that it wishes to achieve. First and
foremost is that it will help with our goal of S/CAP and that is Sustainability
and the Climate Action Plan. A new building is going to reduce the energy
requirement and energy use. In addition to that, it will have to meet all the
Green Building Codes. That will substantially reduce the energy use. That
really fulfills the goal that Palo Alto is seeking. Number Two, this is a mixed-
use building that encompasses retail spaces, offices and some housing units.
If for nothing else, this could serve as a model to make a Downtown hub of
living, working, and entertainment. This is the model, the lifestyle change
that we're seeing everywhere. If for nothing else, for this four residential
units that it proposes, we hope to remove four cars that occupies our busy
streets and parking lot. Number three, it will help with Affordable Housing
Fund. Because it is a new building, I don't know how much it will cost. I
(inaudible) it cost a lot. The impact fees that it will contribute to the
Affordable Housing Fund which, I think, is a good thing. That also will help
us to achieve our goal for affordable housing. Finally, when the building is
finally completed, it will really, really help our County for this tax
reassessment. It will really help our bottom line to collect more property
                                                                          Page 39 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
