                          TRANSCRIPT
would be $1 million per family. That would be something, crazy as it is, that
would be a little more affordable than the $2 and $3 million bottom-end
housing options that are available. This is part of the true sharing economy,
which is something where people come together to do something that they
cannot accomplish separately. What it would take is to rezone within a mile
of the train stations. Almost the whole City is zoned for R-1 at this point.
The only areas that are zoned for R-30 or R-45 are ones that already have
multifamily housing on it. There's zero options right now to do this thing I
have the vision for, and three other families want to come together with us
to do this. The other part of this would be mobility as a service, which is
where you shift away from personally owned modes of transportation. A lot
of us would like to not have to have two cars, but just have one car and get
Zipcar or some other car share when we actually need it. There are seven
buses that come into Downtown Palo Alto. There's the Caltrain. This City is
very bike-friendly, easy to walk around. Let's go for mobility as a service,
and let's change the zoning so some of us can maybe afford to buy here.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bob Moss to be followed by Hamilton Hitchings.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. Staff asked you
to suggest which policies and programs you'd like them to pursue in the final
Comprehensive Plan. I'd like to make some suggestions tonight as to which
ones you should urge them to work on. Under "A", the cumulative cap,
Policy L-1.10, maintain the cap of 1.7 million square feet. Under "B," the
annual limit, maintain Policy L-1.14, the annual limit of 50,000 square feet
Citywide on office development. Policy L-1.16, allow exemptions for small
offices, 5,000 square feet or less, or medical facilities. Under "C," maintain
the Stanford Shopping Center parking with multifamily housing as Policy L-
4.7 suggests. Item 5, which is a policy for multifamily housing in the
Research Park, would be interesting. We had housing zoned in the Research
Park many years ago. Stanford said under no circumstances would they
build housing there. I think that's still their policy, so I don't think that's
going to work. Although, it'd be nice. Building height, Policy L-6.7, maintain
the 50-foot height limit. The Downtown cap, Program L-1.16.2, retain the
Downtown cap of about 45,000 square feet.                Maintain the specific
developments in the Comprehensive Plan per Table L-1. Under childcare, I
think typical uses in the neighborhood commercial areas for childcare would
be acceptable.     Under the Land Use Element Items, "H," create new
opportunities for retail in residential and mixed use, Program L-1.16.5 and L-
1.12.5.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you very much. Hamilton Hitchings.


                                                                        Page 21 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
