                         TRANSCRIPT
enviable, and I hope you'll give us a tour sometime of how you do your
filing. It has kept us all onboard and on track. You've always had at the
forefront service of the community and balancing the interests of residents
as well and with those of corporate interests and business interests. I think
the community well recognizes that and respects that. I think that's part of
what the recognition you heard in terms of the applause. Take that in.
Thank you very much. It's been my honor to serve with you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Greg, thank you for doing this all these years. I
can say it's been an absolute pleasure trying to keep up with you on things.
I learned a lot from you. Thank you for that. Thank you for encouraging me
to do this. Best wishes. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Greg, I also wanted to say I really enjoyed serving with you.
I think back to when I was first elected to Council, and we served on Finance
together. It was so helpful having you go through the books and tell me
exactly where the bodies were buried and where we should look for stuff. I
know, right. You really were encyclopedic knowledge of that kind of stuff. It
was a great resource for me. I've really enjoyed serving with you. The
other thing I wanted to say about Greg is he's a genuinely nice guy. I
always enjoy having coffee with Greg. I always enjoy having lunch with
Greg. We're going to miss you on the Council. Now, we go to the public. I
don't see any other lights. Everyone's spoken. We have a number of public
speakers. You'll each get three minutes. The first one is Joe Simitian. If
you'd like to come up, you're speaking to Items three through five.

Joe Simitian, County Supervisor:    How fitting that I should be limited to
three minutes, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Scharff: Especially after that Committee we served on.

Mr. Simitian: Let me just say congratulations to both you and Supervisor,
now Vice Mayor Kniss. Congratulations on your new roles. Congratulations
to all of you who have been elected and reelected this last go-around.
Thanks to all of you who continue to serve on the Council. I am here tonight
really to say thanks to the three outgoing members of the Council, who
you've just recognized. At the risk of being misunderstood, I want to tell
you that you really don't want to have nine Pat Burt’s on the City Council or
nine Greg Schmid’s or nine Marc Berman’s, but you want all three of them
on a nine-member Council, because each one of them brings their own,
unique set of skills and experiences and views and values that make the
nine-member Council, soon to be seven, a better Council by virtue of their
unique attributes. It is no exaggeration to say these are not three peas in a
                                                                        Page 16 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/03/17
