                           TRANSCRIPT
future? I think that's true. I think we need to think this through. We're
now 2017. We are becoming so automated that I do worry about our
retailers. I'm glad they're still here. I'm glad Fort Collins is calling. We are
known all over the world, but I think we have to protect this asset that we
have. I think we need to think it through carefully. It sounds like to me we
need to think it through one more time. Was that a question or a comment?

Mayor Scharff: You could do either.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I did.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. I have a couple of questions for Staff.
On the Ordinance proposed, there was a bunch of discussion about design
standards and window tinting and so forth. Why? What's the thinking
behind that? Why would we regulate that?

Ms. Eisberg: The concern was specifically about opaque or translucent
window films on uses that were covering existing windows so you can't see
inside.

Council Member Filseth: That's an issue, if I understand that right, of
somebody that's supposed to be retail but actually isn't, and you can't see
in. Is that the issue?

Ms. Eisberg: That's right.

Council Member Filseth: The next one I wanted to ask was the yoga studios.
There's a delineation between 15 and under members versus over that. If
it's over that, it's defined as commercial recreation. If it's under that, it's
defined as a form of personal service. Why? What use are you trying to
filter with that?

Ms. Eisberg: This is an existing interpretation that's now being codified in
the Ordinance. The idea is at the threshold of 15 students, it becomes a
conditional use permit. There may be different review and requirements
provided around parking or other occupancy—other provisions that would
get triggered at the CUP level.

Council Member Filseth: It's not a question of we want to segment these
uses from those uses. It's more along the lines of let's make sure how much
parking it's going to take.

Ms. Eisberg: Right. How it's implemented.

                                                                         Page 61 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
