                          TRANSCRIPT
Dan Garber: I'm Dan Garber. While Co-Chair of the CAC, these comments
are mine alone. While I've stated them at various meetings, they are
offered this evening hopefully a little more succinctly. There's a lot to talk
about. I'm only going to talk about one thing. The Land Use Element is
purposely broad. Zoning too is designed to address large areas of the City,
but neither tells us how a project that faces, for instance, both University
Avenue and side streets should turn a corner. In fact, what is right for one
corner isn't likely to be the same as another corner on the same block.
Neither the building height nor the amount of commercial area that can be
built, while important for other reasons, will answer the question posed
above. Bluntly, 20 years ago it mattered less what a corner on University
and Cowper looked like versus, say, University and Kipling a block away
because, with few exceptions, we kind of knew what we were going to get.
For any number of reasons, today it matters more precisely because we
don't. With one exception, as tools neither the Comp Plan nor the zoning
address this level of focus, which is what we need to do today to navigate
the diversity of opinion that surrounds these decisions and currently
separates the interests of our town from the interests of many of its
property owners. One doesn't know what to ask for, and the other doesn't
know what should be offered. The exception is the only tool that will allow
the City to define with specificity what a particular part of the City should be
down to a detail that would give both the City and the property owner the
confidence that a solution will be supported by both. Area plans do not
enjoy the popularity of other policies. As exceptions to more general policy,
program and zoning, I argue that area plans get us closer to what we want,
the use, occupancy, height, density, sizes, shapes, down to the detail and
locations of doorways and driveways if we want to. It will be argued that
area plans are political, cumbersome, take a long time, and are expensive.
In other words, exactly what Palo Alto wants when it is determined to get to
a decision that sticks. University Avenue including the Transit Center and
Cal. Ave. should be a part of the Comp Plan programs.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Whitney McNair.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. I would encourage you, first of all, to keep the
office cap. It seems like what we're talking about tonight is a housing crisis,
which most likely is a result of overbuilding of office space. In the last 10
years, we've seen more and more employees come into Palo Alto and fall in
love with our City. Now, they want to live here. I don't blame them; it's a
great place to live. If we're going to build more housing, which we will,
please let's do it in a measured, thoughtful way so that the beauty of Palo
Alto can be retained and try to minimize the transportation that will come
out of more houses. I think the first thing is to keep the office cap. If we
keep building more office space, we're going to have more employees, and
                                                                         Page 18 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
