                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:      No, just the "and use" part.     Is that clear to
people?

Mayor Scharff: Yeah.

Council Member Filseth: You're assuming the Business Registry covers that.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Council Member Filseth: Staff comment, does the Business Registry cover
that?

Mr. Lait: I believe that we're still working on how that ultimate report comes
out, but this is the Business Registry that we do some reporting on. I'll just
take a moment here. The Business Registry, we're still working on some of
the details of the reporting for that. I would be hard pressed to say it is a—
we've never done this, what was presented by the PTC. We're still working
out some of the reporting details on the Registry. That's also a self-reported
inventory. The inventory that we would do—we'd probably pull up County
codes, SIC codes. It would add some work and effort to our vacancy report.

Council Member Filseth: If I can ask it a different way. If I understand what
Council Member DuBois is suggesting, if we leave the words "and use" in
there, do you guys have to do a bunch of the same work twice?

Mr. Lait: This would be more of a manual effort as opposed to the Registry,
which would be more of an automatic process. This will generate more City
Staff time to do this as opposed to the Business Registry, I believe.

Council Member DuBois: If Staff wants to propose some—I was just trying
to leverage the data and not duplicate use. If there's a better way to word
that …

Mr. Lait: It's hard to say because we're not doing it in practice yet. We'd
have to see how it plays out.

Council Member Filseth: I think it's premature to accept the Amendment. I
think I'll turn it down.

Council Member DuBois:      That's fine.   I think I understand the intent.
Thanks.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “remove from Section 18.30(C).040, ‘and
use.’”

                                                                       Page 82 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
