                          TRANSCRIPT
scheduled to do that right now to have the Council Priority-setting Retreat
on the 28th of January. Beth, I don't know if we've established where we're
going to be at on that.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: No, we (inaudible).

Mr. Keene: You'll be setting the Priorities for 2017. Of course, you've
already pre-submitted your thoughts about what those would be. In many
ways, as voluminous as the Council's Priorities are as it relates to the work
plan, in many respects they represent the tip of the iceberg, the things that
are visible and above the water line. In addition to those, we have a bunch
of crosscutting initiatives at the Staff level with the Leadership Team that we
call ELT priorities. Again, those are above the water line, so to speak, in the
organization. I think the thing that this diagram is designed to represent is
that a good 80 percent of what we do as a City is really just the work of
running the City, the day-to-day work of firefighters and police officers out
on patrol and Utility workers out making repairs, Parks and Rec folks
teaching classes and those sorts of things, things that for the most part
never rise to the level of the Priority we're dealing with unless there's a very
specific issue with it. This idea of me saying what's in a year, there's the
Council Priorities, there's the ELT priorities, there's all this stuff of running
the City, and then there's this thing this year I put over here called incoming
which, as you know, there are things that come in all year, usually from our
community that in many ways put requirements on the City to respond.
Across the bottom, I listed this: finances, Staff, Council and community. In
many ways, thinking about response to the demands of the City, what are
the resources that we have?          On the one hand, there's the financial
resources or capacity that we have as a City, the budget that we have.
Secondly, it's the Staff we have, a little over 1,000 full-time employees,
maybe 1,500, 1,600 when we add part-time employees. The Council itself.
The Council has in many ways obviously a fairly constrained capacity.
There's nine of you and there's 24 hours in a day and seven days in a week
times 365 days a year. That's the maximum capacity in a sense the Council
has. Some of this is designed to help us think, when you go into your
Retreat, about how do we use all of these resources most efficiently.
There's the resources of our community, both in requests or demands that
they put especially to the Council, but then also the abilities and the gifts
they bring as volunteers to the City. All of that is what helps make up the
good life of the City. Each year with the Council, we provide a work plan
Report in response to the Council Priorities. Last year, 2016 that ended, the
Council's Priorities were the Built Environment: Housing, Parking, Livability,
Mobility with a particular emphasis on mobility; secondly, Infrastructure;
third, Healthy City Healthy Community; and four, completion of the
Comprehensive Plan with increased focus from the Council. When we did
                                                                           Page 3 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
