                         TRANSCRIPT
a bait and switch. She actually made the building smaller before she made
it bigger and changed everything around and has gotten everybody
confused. The options that you've seen here before are not her little, small
project or smaller project. Please don't feel sorry for them. The applicant
willfully did not address the issues outlined by the May 4th City Council
Motion. There have been multiple violations that still exist with regard to
size and massing. The Staff Report states the applicant has only partially
been responsive and ignored other repeated requests. The total size and
mass of the building is as large as it was when we filed our original appeal.
The applicant and the architect have ignored repeated suggestions by the
ARB to bring this project into compliance. Board Member Lew, who's here
tonight, actually gave two separate slide presentations with photos—
something I've never seen—demonstrating what success would be like. He
brought these photos and showed how other applicants have done this.
Again, deaf ears. I personally have met with every architect, applicant,
attended every ARB meeting. The applicant has made the massing worse by
enlarging the top floors. I want to make this very clear. This appeal is not
meant to prevent the applicant from developing this piece of property. I am
not against that. I actually come from a family of developers. One of the
things that we do is actually work with the community to make sure that the
needs are being met. This has not happened at all. Again, I've mentioned
these here before. The only decision now is to reject the current plan. It's
the only decision. The ARB hasn't even seen the existing plans of all three
options and weighed in on them. Thank you very much.

Public Hearing closed at 9:53 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we return to Council for questions and
comments. I'm going to close the public hearing at this point as well. I just
want to reiterate that for Council to take any action, it's going to take five
votes. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:       I actually just want to make a couple of
comments about the process and the kinds of things that we focus on
tonight in response to some of the things we've heard from members of the
public. First, on the question of who should be participating in this, we've
heard a lot of discussion about this around other issues as well. There's no
obligation for anybody to recuse themselves from this decision. There's no
legal obligation. There was not even a legal obligation for anybody on
Council to return any checks. The one person who saw that that might
create the appearance of impropriety returned the check to remove that
appearance of impropriety.     Personally, I never took any money from
developers when I was running for office, but everybody's able to make their
own choices.     When issues of Castilleja come back, I'm not going to
                                                                        Page 53 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
