                          TRANSCRIPT
replacement language, it says a residential use of property and shall be
subject only to those restrictions that apply to other dwellings of the same
type in the same zone. It seemed like the preexisting language was clearer.

Mayor Scharff: Where are you?

Council Member Holman: On Packet Page 319, under 135.5, it's where the
new language is inserted. The same thing down with 138 where the new
language is inserted. I didn't understand that. We're talking about zoning,
but then we're talking about in this replacement language subject only to the
restrictions that apply to other dwellings of the same type. What's trying to
be said there?

Mr. Lait: The change is today the Code reads that we treat this like any
other multifamily use. The change is that we treat it as a residential use. It
extends to all the residential districts, not just the multifamily districts. This
is language straight from the State standard.

Council Member Holman:        Having to do with Section 5, the housing
inventory sites and the small lot consolidation. Hillary is, at least to my
memory, correct about—actually we started out with consider small lot
consolidation. Then it became do small lot consideration. We've gone
through this kind of iteration that's gotten us down this—I won't call it a
garden path because I think it is not. I appreciate what Vice Mayor Kniss
said about it won't happen because people have to consolidate these lots,
but that happens as well. I am the …

Vice Mayor Kniss: (crosstalk) affordable housing or and 100 percent.

Council Member Holman I understand, but I am the "zone for what you
want" gal. I am going to make an Amendment that Section 5 be deleted
and that Staff come back with alternate locations.

Council Member Fine:      I'm not going to accept that.     I would speak to it
(crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: Just don't accept it. Is there a second to that? Seeing no
second.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “remove Section 5 and direct Staff to
return with alternate locations.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND


                                                                          Page 90 of 102
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/27/17
