                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:  One last question, and then I have some
comments. Do you know how the Zen Hotel, which is I guess a PC zone,
came to be?

Mr. Lait: I don't have that information.

Council Member DuBois: It's kind of interesting. It's a one-story hotel. I do
think context is important. You have this pretty established community
behind the property, Barron Square, two-story condos.          You've heard
concern about not crowding it. I wouldn't encourage a cut through there
unless the residents there wanted it. There is a lot of housing there. There
was pictures of the Starbucks. Behind that there is apartments, senior
housing. It's very crowded already back there residentially. I would
encourage being fully parked with room for guests. My biggest concern is
really the State density law. My gut feeling is that we should keep the
zoning as is and encourage you to look at more affordable housing, to use
those bonuses to increase the density. I think we want to encourage
affordable housing. Just going ahead and giving an up-zone and then
potentially having it come back with even additional density from the State
law, I think we'd get way beyond what would fit in the context there. The
last thing. I know it's a small lot, and I think it's below the open space
requirements. I see what you're doing in the front there. If there's any way
to have more green space for the residents there, that would be
appreciated. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I'm not really clear about the parking and the ramp
down. There was another picture that showed three arrows from El Camino
going into the property. Can you better explain that to me? Where does it
go and is that a one-way?

Mr. Hayes:   Do you see the diagram up here right now, Council Member
Kou?

Council Member Kou: Yes.

Mr. Hayes: As you pull off of El Camino, the driveway will begin to descend.
As you get behind the project, you'll be eventually low enough to be able to
park. If this is the car coming in, you'll turn here. You're down far enough
by the time you get here that you'd be able to park underneath.

Council Member Kou:      Underneath you have—how many spots are you
anticipating?

                                                                      Page 22 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
