                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I'm fine with that.

Council Member DuBois: I would support that.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return with revised
language to address the size of lobbies.” (New Part B)

Council Member DuBois: Just to talk to it briefly. Having some—other cities
do this—limit on the amount of street space that's used by a lobby makes
sense, but it needs some refinement.

Mayor Scharff: Are we ready to vote on the board? That passes on a 7-2
vote with Council Members Tanaka and Fine voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-2 Fine, Tanaka no

Council Member Holman: Just a couple more here. On that same page,
Packet Page 431 under conditional uses, one, two and three, in other words
business or trade school, commercial recreation, daycare, we clarify that
those three uses are also not allowed. I'm not saying this is the place to do
it. Those three uses are not allowed on University Avenue or California
Avenue. They are side street functions.

Council Member Filseth: I think we should vote on that one too.

Vice Mayor Kniss: What's commercial recreation? I might second it.

Council Member Holman:      Commercial recreation is larger fitness facilities,
for instance.

Mayor Scharff:    She wants to not allow it on University Avenue and
California Avenue. Is that correct?

Council Member Holman: Yes, but they're fine on side streets.

Mayor Scharff: It takes a CUP to do it, correct?

Council Member Holman: Yes. Remember how we got—much as we like
Institute for the Future, we don't want that on University Avenue.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to add to the Motion, “add to Sections 18.30(c).030(1),


                                                                        Page 88 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
