                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Eisberg: I don't think I have those numbers. That comes from a finding
at the front of the Ordinance for retail. I don't have a number. I might be
able to look something up quickly if you want me to come back to it.

Council Member Kou:       I'd appreciate that because, I think, that was
addressed in the previous Council meeting. While we lost 70,000 square
feet of retail space, we actually gained about 534,000 square feet of office
space, which is why the emergency Ordinance came into place. Additionally,
say for example the school, the last gentleman that spoke—are you fully
parked? Is there a circulation issue?

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Scharff: You have to ask the Mayor before you ask them.

Council Member Kou: I'm sorry.

Mayor Scharff: I'm happy to allow it, if you want to come to the mike and
answer it. Do you have questions for him?

Council Member Kou: I think he answered it.

Mayor Scharff: He answered.

Council Member Kou: Thanks. Sorry about not knowing the procedure.

Mayor Scharff: No worries.

Council Member Kou: I kind of look at this—this is comments and questions,
Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: What'd you say?

Council Member Kou: Comments and questions?

Mayor Scharff: Yeah, comments and questions.

Council Member Kou: Somebody earlier mentioned that the City needs to
solve this parking problem that we have. In the last few years, the last
decade, we've been building consistently office space with under-parked
facilities. Just last week, the Council passed 429 University that is grossly
under-parked, and they have retail space. They have office space. They
have housing. I don't know how we can continue on without some sort of
interim rule in order to fix the problems that you're all talking about. We
have dentists here today, that are not able to find parking spots. People are
displaced from their retail stores and then can't open anything else simply
                                                                      Page 59 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
