                           TRANSCRIPT
providing these busing or TDMs is just a very short-term method. If we're
going to continue to grow the way that we are, which based on your
numbers you can see that it is large growth. To be successful at your no net
new commute trips goals, it has to be viewed at a higher level. I hope that
you can commit in terms of lobbying State as well as Federal for a more
strategic outlook on transportation. There was a gentleman here that spoke
about traffic analysis. While there's a lot of good that Stanford does, there's
also a lot of negative impacts that the community surrounding you does get
to feel. One of them is you speak a lot about VMT; however, I would really
like to see you also take on the Level of Service (LOS) as well, what the
impacts on our intersections are here in town locally because that's
something that is felt locally. While you're saying there is no new net
commute trips, for us who live here we don't feel that. We feel there is an
impact there. I hope that you won't just cross out LOS evaluations in your
traffic studies and only look at VMT.

Ms. Palter: I can clarify. The EIR the County will produce will have a level
of service analysis, and it will assume that the no net new trips does not
work. It will disclose the impacts if Stanford is not successful. On top of
that, there will be mitigation to say you would meet no net trips. Those
congestion impacts will be disclosed in the EIR.

Council Member Kou: Do you have ongoing traffic analysis after—should the
GUP be approved, is there ongoing traffic analysis that you guys do, that
Stanford does?

Ms. Palter:    The County does.    The County hires and manages an
independent consultant who does the no net trips calculation. That's not a
Stanford calculation.

Council Member Kou: Lastly, that slide on the no net new commute trip
goal, you said that if Stanford violates the number of trips, there is a fund
you have to pay. Since 2000, has there been any violations?

Ms. Palter: Under the 2000, we have not. We've met that goal every year.
The idea of a fund is brand new. It's part of this application. Right now …

Council Member Kou: For the 2018?

Ms. Palter: Yeah. Right now in the 2000, if Stanford didn't make its no net
new trips goal, it would need to pay its proportional share of intersection
fixes. It was very much the traditional EIR analysis, where you would pay to
fix intersections. Taking that idea and shifting it a little bit, saying instead of
fixing the intersections, why doesn't that money go to having other TDM
programs that the community would do.
                                                                           Page 35 of 102
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/27/17
