                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: (Inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: Sure. I'll put it that we agendize a future discussion of a
TMA for California Avenue.

Council Member Holman: Second.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to schedule a Council Agenda Item
relating to the creation of a California Avenue Transportation Management
Association (TMA) or expansion of the Downtown TMA.” (New Part J)

Mr. Keene: In response to that, I would add that the most likely way we
would bring that back is when we talk about strategies for financing TMA in
general. That could have an application to Cal. Ave. If we don't have the
money, the TMAs are not going to go anywhere. We have the ability to
bring some options to the Council in that regard.

Council Member Wolbach: (Inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: The creation of a California or expansion of the Downtown
TMA, why don't we say that? Everyone good with the Motion, ready to vote?

Council Member Fine: We have to do the Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: We haven't voted on this Amendment, you're right. No, we
just voted on the …

Council Member Filseth: No, we didn't.

Mayor Scharff:   We didn't.   Let's vote on this Amendment.    That passes
unanimously.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:               Council Member Filseth moved,
seconded by Mayor Scharff to:

A.   Adopt a Resolution to implement the Evergreen Park-Mayfield
     Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Program as a one-year pilot and
     direct Staff to make corresponding changes to the RPP Administrative
     Guidelines; and

B.   Find the program exempt from review            under   the   California
     Environmental Quality Act (CEQA); and


                                                                   Page 120 of 122
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 1/23/17
