                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Right. We're not trying to establish any penalties at this point.
We have a separate fee schedule that the Council adopts yearly about
administrative fees, if there's a violation of those standards.

Council Member DuBois: I was concerned that the reporting period is 3
years. It's the first one at 2 years, and then we wouldn't see it again until
year 5. Was there much discussion about how frequently they should report
compliance with a TDM?

Mr. Lait: I don't know what the typical standard is on that. I'm just
recalling a project that I looked at the PC around not too far from here,
where it's the same kind of concept. It was 2 years, and then I think it was
every 2-3 years thereafter as needed to demonstrate compliance. I don't
know that there is a hard and fast rule on that. I think it's also—is it in the
Code or is it in the guidelines?

Ms. Campbell: It's in the Code.

Mr. Lait: Obviously, there's Council discretion if you wanted to make an
adjustment on that. I would suggest, though, there is some time between
implementation of the TDM and getting some actual results. I think there's
a reason why it's not annually.

Council Member DuBois: I'll be interested in what my colleagues think. Two
years until the first report makes sense to come up to speed, but I would be
interested in more frequent reporting on the TDM, perhaps annually after the
first 2 years. On mechanical lifts, it seems like you guys struck a good
balance. Just to clarify, they would really be focused more on long-term
parking, not short-term? It wouldn't be used for retail, park for half an
hour?

Ms. Campbell: That's correct, yes.

Council Member DuBois:      I think those are my questions and comments.
Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Kind of picking up on a thread that Council
Member DuBois was hitting on. You're looking at this in the context of other
Code changes, other Code cleanups and modifications, and what's in the
work plan right now. There were a couple of things I was looking for, that I
didn't see here. I'm not shocked that they're not here. I was wondering if
Staff's planning to bring them back in the future or planning to bring the
ones I'm about to identify in the future or if further Council direction such as
                                                                         Page 67 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
