                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: No lights, let's vote. That passes on a 7-2 Motion with
Council Members Kou and Holman voting no.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Kou no

Mayor Scharff: That's all I had. Does anyone else have anything else or
should we vote on the entire motion? Vote on the entire Motion?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'd like to speak to the entire Motion because I want to
speak against it.

Mayor Scharff: Sorry, I have to stop. Vice Mayor Kniss. Now the lights are
lining up. I thought we were done.

Vice Mayor Kniss: As I said earlier, I would have supported something in the
Downtown gladly. I simply cannot believe that this one Ordinance tonight is
going to cover this entire City. I've been thinking of other things you could
do with gas stations. Could you put some housing there? Could you put a
soccer field there? Is that retail? I don't think so. I don't think a soccer
field is retail. One of our best, absolutely best intersections in town has
soccer fields where something could have gone that was certainly far more
like retail. I think this is an overreach, when we try to include the whole
community in one specific Ordinance that is so precise that we can't even
decide what size a yoga studio should be. As I've said several times on
several of the other amendments that we've done, I just cannot vote for an
Ordinance where one size fits an entire community of 65,000 people and
their businesses.

Mayor Scharff: Staff reminded me that we forgot to address—maybe it was
willingly. I just want to make sure people didn't—the issues that Council
Member Holman actually raised earlier, which was the issue of those parcels.
I guess they would be Anthropologie and Addison Antiques, whether or not
we were going to allow private schools there or other uses. I just wanted to
raise that issue, if other people wanted to talk about that issue because Staff
mentioned that we had that in the report.

Vice Mayor Kniss: If not, what happens to them?

Mayor Scharff: If not, they stay where they're currently stuck.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thanks, Karen, for bringing that up.         Somehow after
midnight you just start forgetting stuff.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.


                                                                       Page 118 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
