                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Mary Sylvester to be followed by Rob Levitsky.

Mary Sylvester: Hello, Council. Thank you for taking your Saturday to have
this planning Retreat and open it to the public for our input into the process.
It's very nice to be heard from. I've lived in Palo Alto for 39 years. My
husband, Jim, who actually had to just leave, and myself have raised two
daughters here. On our block for decades, they used to be able to play in
the front yard. Our neighborhood was the kind of amenable neighborhood
where you could easily walk down the street, not have cars racing out of the
Castilleja parking lot, traffic being diverted from Alma onto our street. Now,
I feel like we live in the Costco parking lot. Between parking from Castilleja
students and parents, cut-offs from Alma, Embarcadero shortcuts, my 100
block of Melville is one-half block from Alma, one-half block from Emerson,
and 1 1/2 blocks from Embarcadero Road. We are completely hemmed in.
That's the background. For decades, we've had a very cordial relationship in
the neighborhood with Castilleja. We've tried to collaborate. In fact, this
great T-shirt from Rob Levitsky, who will be speaking soon, characterizes
our peaceful orientation and collaborative approach with the school, even
though after 15 years of lying to the community, lying to the neighbors and
the City about their enrollment levels, they've continued to do things around
the back of the neighbors, divide the neighborhood up of one block against
the other. We're now at a point of saying very directly to the City, why for
over 15 years have you allowed over enrollment. On February 8th, the City
is again considering a major expansion for Castilleja School.             We're
rewarding bad behavior in this school. I'm sorry. I'm a therapist in a Palo
Alto elementary school. We would say that the child has to accept the
natural consequences of their actions, meaning no consideration of an
expansion plan until they are in compliance with the law. The law is 415
students. They now feel they have de facto authorization from the City to
grow and grow and grow …

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Ms. Sylvester: In our face, we've been called a group of tree-huggers.
We've been called NIMBYs.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Ms. Sylvester:    Thank you.      I encourage you to enforce Castilleja's
Conditional Use Permit.

Mayor Scharff: Rob Levitsky followed by Amy Crystal.

Female: (inaudible)

                                                                         Page 44 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
