                         TRANSCRIPT
meeting and the prescreening is to allow the public and the Council to
preview the proposal and provide some preliminary feedback on some issues
that may arise. In summary, the project site is surrounded by residential on
one side of El Camino, and then there's commercial on the other side.
There's predominantly two-story, three-story development in the area. The
current zoning does allow a maximum of 11 units. The proposed zoning
would permit a maximum of 23 units on the site. As you did hear, the State
does have a density bonus for affordable housing. It's a sliding scale if
certain criteria is met. That bonus would be 35 percent more than what the
zoning does allow. For the maximum of 11 units, you're looking at four
additional units. In the case of the 23, you'd be looking at an additional
eight units. Some background on the project. What's proposed in the
Packet is 21 three-story unit buildings. There's seven buildings. This
project was presented before the ARB in a preliminary form back in May of
2014. At that time, it did also require a zone change. The ARB was
supportive of the project with a need to study the building frontage, rhythm
and connection to the street as well as they did stress a pedestrian
connection between the Barron Square and El Camino Real. Neighbors at
the time did have some concerns similar to what you're hearing today,
indicated that they wanted to see a visual impact study as well as the
project may be too big for the area. The project does provide site plan
elevations for preliminary consideration; however, they should not be
considered the final designs. The applicant will go over more of that. The
site does show seven buildings fronting El Camino Real with some surface
and tucked-under parking below grade. Just to provide a little bit more
perspective on the elevations. It shows a three-story project, what it would
look like. It would be consistent with some of the adjacent development.
For instance, at 4100 El Camino Real, we'll have that photo for you. Some
of the key issues to consider for the up-zoning of the site and the
intensification would be, in terms of the height, an additional 5 feet that
would be allowed for buildings. The rezone would also allow for additional
floor area for the site. For this site specifically, you're looking at about
3,300 square feet. The rezone would allow for the additional units on a site.
As I mentioned, it would be an additional 12 units more than what the
current Zoning Code would allow. The rezone would result in about 1,700
fewer square feet in open space. This photo does provide an aerial context,
demonstrates some of the development in the area. You've got a hotel
there at the intersection; it's two stories. Behind it, you have two-story
residential. There's Thain Way as an access road, but it is gated off.
Adjacent to that, along El Camino, is a three-story residential project.
Across the street is commercial. You can see, looking at the site, the gated-
off access and the two-story development. Below that is the 4100 El Camino
site that has three-story residential nearby. Looking across the street from
the project site is the commercial with the Starbucks and other commercial.
                                                                      Page 16 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
