                          TRANSCRIPT
benefit of Castilleja, an exclusive private school that serves about 100 girls
from Palo Alto. If this proposal is approved, it will have a negative impact
on all of Palo Alto. City Council, are you listening? I look at an unusually
large amount of campaign donations made to this group. I see totals of
$85,000, $77,000, even election contributions of $19,000 made after the
election. I realize that the real question I need to ask is to whom are you
listening. I stand here before you, bearing no …

Mayor Scharff: If we could just wrap up.

Ms. Schmarzo: … campaign contributions and ask you to please stop this
proposal. I will gladly fund you with R-E-S-P-E-C-T, respect. Thank you
very much for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I was going to let it go the first time, but I have
to say that we're not allowed to clap in the chambers. It's in our policies
and procedures. I really would appreciate it if you'd refrain from it. The
reason for that is different people have different points of view, and we
value free speech. We don't want to make people feel uncomfortable.
We've had a long tradition of this going back—I don't know—20, 30 years.
It's nothing really about Castilleja or your view point or anything like that. I
thought it was really important that we uphold the tradition. Thank you for
your understanding.

Neva Yarkin: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. My name is Neva
Yarkin. I live at 133 Churchill Avenue. I live within 600 feet of Castilleja.
The Yarkin family has owned this property since 1963, 54 years. Building a
commercial parking garage, 130 spaces, and removing one lane from
Embarcadero by Bryant Street will cause more gridlock on Embarcadero. I
am quite shocked that closing one lane on Embarcadero is even being
considered for the parking garage. This picture here I have is Embarcadero
gridlocked by Emerson at 8:00 in the morning. It was taken on Friday. All
this traffic will have to go somewhere, so it will be side streets and other
neighborhoods that will also be backed up with cars. I have another picture.
One street people won't be able to go down is Churchill because it is already
at a standstill at 8:00 in the morning. You can see it's a mess. Bike safety
on the Bryant bike path will become more of an issue if this parking garage
is built. Students, neighbors, bikers, cars will be faced with years of big
construction equipment in the area. Another safety hazard for all concerned.
Traffic is a major problem all over town. By letting Castilleja expand, it will
only make the situation become unbearable for all the residents of Palo Alto.
Keep the CUP at 415 so we will not add to this continuous expanding
problem. Thank you very much.


                                                                           Page 8 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
