                    ACTION MINUTES
C.    Find the preferred Alternative Concept Plan exempt from
      environmental review as a minor change to existing roadways that
      would not result in significant environmental impacts; and

D.    Direct Staff to define clear metrics for level of impacts that will
      determine success or failure, so that Council can evaluate this pilot
      with data at the conclusion.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Holman absent

13.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9663 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto for the Creation of a new Residential
      Preferential Parking (RPP) Program in the Evergreen Park and Mayfield
      Neighborhoods Bounded by Park Boulevard, Caltrain Rail Corridor,
      Oregon Expressway, Page Mill Road and El Camino Real and Finding of
      Exemption Under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).”

Vice Mayor Kniss advised she will not participate in this Agenda Item
because she owns real property in the proposed boundaries. She left the
meeting at 9:29 P.M.

Council took a break from 9:29 P.M. to 9:36 P.M.

Council Member Holman returned to the meeting at 9:32 P.M.

Public Hearing opened at 9:57 P.M.

Public Hearing closed at 10:59 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to:

A.    Adopt a Resolution to implement the Evergreen Park-Mayfield
      Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Program as a one-year pilot and
      direct Staff to make corresponding changes to the RPP Administrative
      Guidelines; and

B.    Find the program exempt from          review   under   the      California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

AMENDMENT:        Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to schedule a Council
discussion six months after the RPP launches for a review.”

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-4 DuBois, Fine, Holman, Kou, no, Kniss absent



                                                                           Page 5 of 8
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 1/23/17
