                         TRANSCRIPT
retail to office space. Is there much incidence of conversion of retail to
housing? Is that something that you see a lot of?

Ms. Gitelman: No.

Council Member Filseth: Not a huge concern at this point that, if we allow
this, all of our retail will go away to housing.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Just one last thing. Vice Mayor Kniss, I appreciate
your comment about waiting for three lights. It can be very hard to get into
Town and Country and to find a parking spot, which is why I'd love to live
above those shops someday.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the board.     We're voting for or against the
Amendment right now.

Vice Mayor Kniss: For the Amendment doesn't support housing.

Mayor Scharff: That passes on a 5-4 vote, the Amendment, with Council
Member DuBois voting no, Council Member Kou voting yes, Council Member
Wolbach voting no, Vice Mayor Kniss voting yes, Mayor Scharff voting yes,
Council Member Filseth voting yes, Council Member Tanaka voting no,
Council Member Fine voting no, and Council Member Holman voting yes.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 DuBois, Fine, Tanaka, Wolbach no

Vice Mayor Kniss: That's our most colorful board tonight.

Mayor Scharff: That's why I read them all out. Now, we're back to the main
Motion, which includes the Amendment. I promised Council Member DuBois
I would come back to him for his—yes, you want to make your Amendment?

Council Member DuBois: I thought we were going to vote on that separately
at (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: What did you say?

Council Member DuBois: I thought we were going to vote on San Antonio
separately (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: Yeah, we're going to vote on it separately. You're correct.
Let's vote on this, and then we'll vote on San Antonio separately. I see
lights now, three lights. Council Member Wolbach.


                                                                     Page 68 of 108
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 1/30/17
