                          TRANSCRIPT
from Nixon, Teyun Lee [phonetic]. Third place for second grade, Anja
Covert [phonetic]. Second place for second grade, from Hoover Tenae
Agarwal [phonetic]. First place for second grade, Victor Peng [phonetic].
Third place for third grade, Olivia Su [phonetic]. Second place for third
grade, Zoya Raza [phonetic].        First place for third grade, Jeffery Fan
[phonetic]. Olivia Su, third place third grade. First place for fourth grade,
Seyona Dingra [phonetic]. Second place for fifth grade—hold on. Third
place for fifth grade, Nishi Goyo [phonetic]. Second place for fifth grade,
Royce Lee. Last but not least, first place for fifth grade, Michelle Kou.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Mr. Mayor, could you wait a minute? The City Clerk's
Office has just announced that all the children who won tonight are going to
get a City pin. Tell them not to leave until they're able to fasten it on. All of
you who won tonight come on up here, and you'll get a City pin that the City
Clerk will pin on you to take home. Thanks.

Mr. Nickel: Thank you, Vice Mayor. Thank you, Council.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Numbers 3 and 4.

3.    Proclamation of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Honoring Pastor
      Paul Bains.

Mayor Scharff: Now, Pastor Bains, welcome. We have a Proclamation for
you. Council Member Holman is going to read the Proclamation. If you'd
like to say a few words afterward, that would be great.

Council Member Holman: It's my honor to read this. I've known Pastor
Bains for a while now and really wanted to read this. She read the
Proclamation into the record. Congratulations and thank you.

Pastor Paul Bains: Thank you. I was told to show up here by my Executive
Assistant, Nakia, over there. My wife, though, is co-founder of Project We
Hope, and I want her to stand with me. Believe it or not, this Pentecostal
preacher is a little speechless right now, which is a rare find. Mayor, Vice
Mayor, City Council, Clerks, the Staff, we like to say that none of us is as
strong as all of us. We could not do what we do if it wasn't for people in this
room. That's Chief Burns, Chief Watson, Chief Ericson and the Police
Department and the various other departments. Many hands make work
light. It takes those many hands to make a difference in people's lives and
the trajectory that they're on. Thank you for this honor. I don't know if my
wife wanted to say anything. She doesn't want to say anything. Thank you,
and let's continue to serve the less fortunate, the marginalized of our region,
particularly here in Palo Alto.

                                                                          Page 4 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
