                          TRANSCRIPT
Oral Communications

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll move to Oral Communications. We have a
number of speakers. You'll each have 2 minutes. Our first speaker is Beth
Bunnenberg, to be followed by Sea Reddy.

Beth Bunnenberg: Hello, Beth Bunnenberg, 2351 Ramona Street, Palo Alto.
I'm speaking tonight as an individual. This is just a brief report to you about
the Palo Alto Historical Association. As you may or may not know, the
Historical Association has a contract with the City to maintain the archives.
Currently, that's located down in Cubberley at Room K-7. In addition to
that, we have been given the extra job of providing information about Palo
Alto to the public. We have once a month Sunday meetings. I want to bring
to your attention a special one that's coming up. This one is about a very
sad series of events that happened about the time of the beginning of the
Second World War. It is the 75th anniversary of Presidential Order 9066 for
the internment of Japanese-American people in isolated camps such as
Manzanar, Tule Lake, and Delta. The program is being presented by Dick
Mansfield, who's well known, and Mr. Shimomura, who will be describing his
actual experiences in one of these camps. These camps produced emotional
trauma to the people who were there, produced terrible physical suffering,
and of course financial loss. This has eerie aspects of things that are going
on today.     Hope you can come.         March 5th, and you should have
announcements up at your place.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you, Beth. Sea Reddy is next, followed by Mark
Grossman. Good evening.

Sea Reddy:       Thank you, Vice Mayor.      All aspiring young people—not
necessarily young, everybody comes.         They seek education and jobs
worldwide. They do not expect to come and be shot by an alcoholic. This
happened in Kansas last Wednesday. There's a lot of talk about racism and
all that, but I think more importantly this gentleman had a chronic alcohol
issue. He was depressed with his father being passed away. How did he get
hold of the gun is the question. Who was careless? I think we all need to
reflect back on this. Alcoholism plays a major role in many of the elements
in our society. I request that we all be vigilant, make sure that we protect
them, give them the help we need. That way, the victims' families do not
suffer the rest of their lives. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Kniss:    Thank you very much.        Mark Grossman followed by
Timothy Mulcahy.

Mark Grossman: Thank you. I'm Mark Grossman, 2063 Byron Street. I'm
here as an individual and representing the leadership and membership of
                                                                        Page 42 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
