                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you.

Council Member Fine: Thank you.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm supporting this very much for the same reasons that
Council Member Fine just articulated. I also looked at this, and I could see a
great deal of Staff work. Having listened to our City Manager, I realized that
we probably may create more work than we mean to. In this case, I'd say
let's not do it and eliminate those indicators.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I have a clarifying question for the maker, the
seconder, and for Staff. Option 3 as listed on Page four of the Staff Report
or Packet Page 17 reads "the third option would not address development
requirements in the Comp Plan." If one looks at Option Three on Page 210
in the clean version—that's Page L-39, Packet Page 210—it says Option 3. I
think that tracks. You've got Options 1, 2, and 3 here. It says "Option 3,
use community indicators along with a cumulative cap and an annual limit
and Downtown cap," two of which we've just said are not going in the Comp
Plan, but do not use development requirements. This is very different …

Mayor Scharff: It's not the third Option. I think it's just simply eliminate
development requirements and community indicators in the Comp Plan. I
think that's your Motion.

Council Member Fine: You have it right, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Scharff: If we could just change that.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to make very sure that it's not the
Option 3 that's seen in the policies and programs or in the draft text at all.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.       No, you didn't have your light on.
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:       I had a question about this.     There were
comments, but I couldn't quite read it with the changes. The idea of these
development requirements and community indicators were that they were
going to be used either in lieu of or in conjunction with the caps or to
potentially change the caps over time. Is that right?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. The idea was the development requirements
would be imposed on new development, and the community indicators would
monitor the overall community, not just new development but the existing

                                                                       Page 75 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
