                          TRANSCRIPT
members, and especially the community organizations who have used the
Media Center over the years. I'm overwhelmed by all of their support over
the years and really pleased to see so many of them here tonight. I would
like to ask them to stand and receive this recognition with me. I'm so proud
of what we've built together, and I'm really excited for what the future has
in store. Cable Co-op had a vision of two-way communication when they
started up. I'm so thrilled at the possibilities of us moving forward into the
future and carrying on that vision. I see a day when our Media Center
platform can be married to the emerging interactive technologies and
presenting an interactive, two-way citizen communication that will enliven
our democracy at a time when we really need it and take citizen
engagement to new heights. I'm really excited about the future that all of
these folks who are so talented and wonderful will be able to create in the
future. Thank you so much for this honor.

Mayor Scharff: Don't go anywhere. We have a couple of Council Members
that wish to speak. We have one member of the public, and then I need to
give you the Proclamation, so don't go anywhere.

Ms. Folger: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Annie, I've known you for a good long time at this
point. Just want to thank you personally for all the effort that you've put
into this, all the professionalism you've added to this and for making Palo
Alto's public meetings public and for all the other access. I see Doug Kreitz
in the back; I know he teaches classes at the Media Center. All of the
access that you make available to people, which is referenced in the
Proclamation, but youth especially, making these kinds of facilities and this
kind of learning ability and capabilities available to a broad range of Palo
Altans, I really appreciate it. Elliott has been with the Media Center, I think,
for quite a long time now, so really appreciate his service as well. This kind
of collection of good, strong people and dedicated people happens with good
leadership. I look to you as being the reason for a lot of this leadership
coming together. Thank you very much for all your years of service.

Ms. Folger: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I don't know what the Nielsen ratings will be tonight, but
I'm sure they'll be good. Commendations on the number of times, too, that
you have arranged to have the campaign election results broadcast live, and
what fun that was and how great for the public. I know that every time we
                                                                         Page 29 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
