                          TRANSCRIPT
less. We're striking that balance. We're not saying they have to fully park
it. I think that works. I'm going to support it. Council Member Wolbach.

Ms. Gitelman: Just to clarify, it's Item K. Instead of saying no parking is
required for residential units less than 500 square feet, it would say parking
requirements for units less than 500 square feet would be reduced by 50
percent.

Mayor Scharff:   We're still keeping the guest parking reduction of 30
percent. You have that as well for HCD.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:         This is an interesting but, I think, a very
important question. I think there are a lot of different ways we could
approach this. I'm not going to say of them are invalid. I think it's an
important thing for us to think very carefully about. This if or below market
rate units, correct? Below market rate units less than 500 square feet, near
transit, if there is ever going to be a type of housing which is less likely to
require substantial parking or any parking, that's it. It doesn't get more
pedestrian-friendly than that, just by the design inherently. The State
understands that at HCD. We've seen it with Palo Alto Housing and other
nonprofit developers who provide affordable housing, that affordable housing
in general at regular sizes doesn't require as much car use. Especially at the
lower-income levels, because a lot of folks cannot afford to maintain and
upkeep and own a car. I know for most of us that's a hard thing to wrap our
heads around, that here in Palo Alto there are people who can't afford a car.
Of course, there are people on the other end who can't afford a place to live,
so they only have their car.

Council Member Filseth: My mother-in-law fits that profile, and she's got
four cars. None of them run.

Council Member Wolbach: I was referring to the folks who are living in their
cars. I'm sorry to hear if that's where your mother-in-law is at. I'll let you
guys deal with that one. I'm not going to be supporting the motion. I guess
what might win me over is if we gave a choice to the developer. They could
go to the zero if, as a condition of approval, they would forego having their
residents be able to buy permits in the RPP district. That's something we've
talked about doing. Or they could reduce it marginally to that degree. If
they went down to 25 percent, only 25 percent of their units would be
eligible for an RPP permit. I don't know if that's something we could do or if

                                                                        Page 98 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
