                          TRANSCRIPT
to key indicators, again, that we're seeing in this National Citizens Survey
about reducing trips, about connectivity, about preserving affordable
housing. I think it's a good thing to build off of. Because we're not saying
that it's fully baked, I think I can support the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the Substitute Motion. That fails on a 5-4
Motion, with Council Members DuBois, Kou, Filseth and Holman voting yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kou yes

Mayor Scharff: We return to the main Motion, but Council Member Wolbach
has indicated that he has a Substitute Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: This is a surprisingly complex one. I'd actually
move we simply adopt Option F1. Sorry, my mistake. "F1" with a couple of
amendments. Sorry. Let me clarify. Adopt Option F1 excluding the
programs and including only the policies.

Mayor Scharff: What Page are you on so we can follow?

Council Member Wolbach: If you look in Packet Page …

Vice Mayor Kniss: Seventeen.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I'm looking at the clean version, so that
would be Packet Pages 205-206. It would basically be adopt Option 1, Policy
L-1.17 and L-1.18 but excluding the programs to make it a little bit more
general, a little less prescriptive.

Mayor Scharff: Eliminating the programs.

Council Member Wolbach: Right.

Mayor Scharff: We wouldn't be adopting those tables in the—there would be
no tables.

Council Member Wolbach: The tables would not be adopted, but it would
leave open the option for how we go about developing those in the future.
It would move in that direction but with a little bit more flexibility and less
specificity.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Don't eliminate it entirely but work on it in the future.

Council Member Wolbach: Right. I'm hoping this provides a compromise.

Mayor Scharff: The programs are not included.

                                                                        Page 80 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
