                          TRANSCRIPT
you, thank you, thank you. What I wanted to say was I'm pretty much
concerned about housing. I must say that our society has progressed a lot
since the 13th and 14th and 15th centuries. There used to be laws in
England that if you came to a new place looking for work and you rented
someplace for less than market value, whatever that was determined to be,
within 40 days the authorities could pick you up and take you back to the
place you came from lest you become a charge on the welfare stock of the
parish. We have come a long, long way. You're still confronted with the
problem of housing. It's true that the worst problem of the housing has
come as a bad effect of the good idea of having a wonderful industrial
workplace next to Stanford. The bad effect was having the houses, not that
there were too few of them and not that there were too many jobs, but that
the houses were too far away from the place where the people had to work,
making all the people in between like a doormat that had to put up with
many, many cars. What I want to say is we should look at all the
possibilities. The first thing I would like to state is that we have in today's
paper a note from the editor of the Post suggesting that they look to Moffett
Field for housing and call on Anna Eshoo. I'd like to recommend that you all
take that to heart. We owe those veterans a lot more than we're getting.
We've seen efforts in that arrangement. Karen and Pat Burt had parties.
That's great, great to acknowledge what we owe these veterans. Really, the
entire country should give them some housing so that they'd have some
stability for those who have traumatic stress disorder and a little leg up to
those who are just trying to run their families. I'm going to recommend that
you look into that and recommend that the Federal Government install
housing for all levels to be rented at an appropriate rent for our veterans.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Esther Nigenda to be followed by Rita Vrhel.

Esther Nigenda: Good evening, Council Members and members of the
public. Congratulations to the new Council Members. The City Manager was
talking about storms today. I'll just mention something about storms in the
future. This is a map about the groundwater levels in Palo Alto. I'm not
sure if you can see where the green zone is, but that's the FEMA flood zone.
The red spots are contaminant plumes. The blue contour lines are the
groundwater levels. The very first line there on the right-hand side, the
large one, is 10 feet. The second one's 15 feet, and 20 feet and so on. In
this map, which is expanded, you can see the basements that required
dewatering for the years 2015 and 2016. You can see that they're located
below the 15-feet. They're at less than 15 feet. Anything beyond 15 feet,
you don't need to dewater. All the basements are clustered around 15 feet
or less. This Study from the Journal of Hydrology from the USGS is very
recent, so you won't find this information in the FEMA plans yet or in the
                                                                         Page 26 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
