                         TRANSCRIPT
the past five years; Palo Alto's most recent was in 2016.               Show
acknowledgement of TCIA accredited tree care companies and specifications
when contracts are advertised for tree care companies; your contract
specifications contain language to encourage tree care industry association
accredited companies to bid on contracts.          Incorporate the American
National Standards Institute Z133 safety standards in the department crew
and contract operations; your safety program and contract specifications
clearly acknowledge the importance of safety and reference Z133.
Incorporate the American National Standards Institute A300 tree care
performance standards in the department pruning specifications and work
activities; your maintenance specifications and construction requirements
are written in accordance with the ANSI A300 tree management standards,
of which there are ten parts ranging from pruning to vegetation
management to construction management.             Palo Alto submitted their
application and documentation for accreditation on April 12, 2016. After the
rigorous peer review and audit performed by the SMA Accreditation
Committee, on August 7, 2016, Palo Alto became only the fifteenth
accredited program, 14 in the United States and one in Canada, joining only
two other cities in California, Sacramento and Santa Monica. To meet the
requirement for the urban forest management plan, there are 11 criteria you
have met. Operational goals achieved through your annual budget and
program objectives; the agency's personnel, equipment, budget and other
resources aligned and supported to meet these goals achieved through your
budget allocation each year; designation of trees for which municipality is
responsible, you have your street trees, utility trees and your Tree
Protection Ordinance; continuing care of municipally owned trees, your
annual maintenance program; identification and removal of municipally
owned trees that are past their useful lifespan, your inventory and inspection
program handle that; planting of new and replacement trees as appropriate,
your planting program and partnership with Canopy is excellent; progress
toward educating the general public, your municipal employees, commercial
and utility tree workers and others as appropriate concerning the benefits
and care of trees, your Staff in partnership with Canopy again accomplish
this well; actions taken in enforcement of Tree Protection Ordinances, zoning
and construction regulations, your Code enforcement and (inaudible) process
meet this well; inventory or other systems for identification and
management of tree resources, problems and opportunities, your tree
inventory is up-to-date and kept current; identification of program's current
objectives and goals, the program manager is in budget review process; and
local government approving body, the City Council recognition of Staff's
efforts and your budgetary support. This accreditation is not a one-time
award or a snapshot. The accreditation and recognition period is valid for
one year. The intent is to encourage high-level urban forest management
following the accreditation criteria.      Annual review is approved with
                                                                        Page 19 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
