                          TRANSCRIPT
post-docs and faculty and staff. Where do the other 2,600 go? Is that all
undergrad and grad students or is there …

Ms. Palter:   It would be assumed now to be undergraduate and graduate
students.

Council Member Filseth: At the end of that, do you folks—I know the
Escondido expansion was to bring a lot of grad students on campus. At the
end of this, are basically all the grad students housed on campus?

Ms. Palter: No. It would still be around 75 percent.

Council Member Filseth: The 2 1/4 million square feet of expansion, how
many jobs do you folks anticipate that producing, not including grad
students but regular job kind of stuff?

Ms. Palter: I don't have the number off the top of my head. There is a tab
in the application that shows the anticipated population that would come as
a result of this development request. It breaks down by undergraduates,
graduates and staff and faculty. I don't have it right here. I think it's Tab 5.

Council Member Filseth: Tab 5. Thanks very much.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the presentation. A
couple of questions. First, when is exactly the deadline—I just wanted to
make sure I was clear. When is the deadline to submit comments to the
County?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Council Member Wolbach. The County was generous enough to give us
'til close of business on March 10th.

Council Member Wolbach: Is there still any opportunity for this to be heard
by the PTC in sounds like just a couple of weeks? Maybe not, but …

Ms. Gitelman: I don't think we could swing that. They do have a meeting
on the 8th, but it's pretty full.

Council Member Wolbach: Understood. I do think if we can get really day
counts both inbound and outbound, I think that's important rather than just
looking at peak periods. If we have, of course, nuance of when they're
happening as well, that would be excellent.       Looking at some public
comments, I didn't have a chance to cross-reference in the text itself. I just

                                                                         Page 30 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
