                         TRANSCRIPT
Camino Real, from this district in order to deny residents at that property in
the future from being able to access this district.

Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Mayor
Scharff to add to the Motion, “remove 2755 El Camino Real (former VTA
Parking Lot) from this RPP Program.” (New Part D)

Mayor Scharff: Are you going to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes, I'll speak to it quickly. Essential to what's
been discussed for that property is it will not create a parking impact. It is
envisioned as a pilot of its own to demonstrate that a car-lite or car-free
lifestyle is something that some people actually do want in Palo Alto. It'd
demonstrate we can have housing developments in Palo Alto which are not
going to negatively impact the residents with its parking impact. Part of that
means we need to have some constraints on how much they can park up the
neighborhood. Particularly in a neighborhood with an RPP system, that
seems like a good place to have a pilot.

Mayor Scharff: I was just remembering—thanks for bringing that up—when
this came to us and we gave preliminary comments at the screening. That
was one of the things we actually talked about. If we put in an RPP District,
we put it around this so that that project wouldn't have permits. If this was
included, this project would automatically get permits. Therefore, I support
this. Let's vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mayor Scharff: Cory, some more or are you done.

Council Member Wolbach: That's it for me.

Ms. Gitelman: Mr. Mayor, when you have a moment, we have a few typos
we want to correct in the Resolution.

Mayor Scharff: Do you want to do that right now just in case?

Ms. Gitelman: It's in Section 4, parking permits, Packet Page 276, in Item
A.c, the signage and allocation of spaces. It says "all employee parking
permits will be specific to one of the two employee parking zones." It should
say "three employee parking zones." With kudos and thanks to Mr. Borock,
who I didn't see here this evening, for this Item. He pointed out in writing
to us that the next section that's called resident parking permits, in both

                                                                      Page 107 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
