                          TRANSCRIPT
products. If you're interested in industrial chemistry at all, you sort of get a
feel for all the things you can do, which includes making hydrogen for fuel
cells. It's using gases and combining them, controlling them, re-condensing
them to make liquid chemicals. That's what this thermal gasifier is excellent
for. The energy, this is the one of those things that you can't ignore if
you're going to generate electricity because you're going to be doing it
thermally, and you've got to expend 3,500-and-some BTUs to get a kilowatt
hour. It's going to be more than that because you're not going to be able to
capture all the heat. This is from the EPA. The stuff on the left, 83 percent
of municipal solid waste including about a third of it are the products that
you're concerned about, the food waste.            You've got yard waste and
trimmings that are being exported, I guess, to a site in Gilroy. All those
things on the left can be processed through a thermal gasifier. The ones on
the right won't gasify. If they get through there, they won't ruin the thing.
They just won't generate any electricity. Per pound, the sewage sludge is on
the low end. That's why you haven't seen power plants run by sewage
sludge. Other than the fact that it's nasty, there's not much energy in it.
They're better off using coal at 10,000 BTUs per pound. As you see, the
plastics have the latent energy value of gasoline. If you're going to make
electricity, you've got all these plastics laying around, carpet, nylon, all that
stuff. This is what gets shredded up to put through the machine. This is
from a vendor's advertisement. I guarantee it won't look that clean. In
waste to energy technologies, you see that using pyrolysis fills all of those
requirements. Some of the gasification uses oxygen, and it'll make slag and
ash. That's the most preferred one. You see all these different things are
possible. When you go to the more or less organic ones, you can make heat
and run an engine or heat a boiler and make electricity. They're limited in
what you can do with them. The through-put, that's what's left over after
you process it. The anaerobic digester is 95 tons per 100 tons, 95 percent.
The current incinerator is 9 percent. Depending on how hot you run it, the
TAG unit is 5-10 percent. This is what a basic TAG unit looks like. There's a
6-foot-tall man sitting on there. That unit can process between 100 and 200
tons of municipal solid waste a day and produces carbon and heat. This is
the pyrolysis-based treatment system that's at the next regional water
quality plant up the road in Redwood City. Their bio-solids are dried and
then put in the pyrolizer to be turned from bio-solids to biochar. Here's
what we said. Technical viability and reliability. Pyrolysis-based technology
has been used industrially for 200 years or more. The potential impacts and
benefits, especially on a municipal solid waste stream, dealing with that
effectively. Capital, operations and maintenance costs, there are fewer
processes and smaller equipment, so that becomes easier. Minimizing
greenhouse gas emissions, a TAG unit offers the best technology available
for that. (inaudible) beneficial use for the bio-solids generated. We've been
destroying them for the last 50 years. If we just destroy them and get some
                                                                          Page 7 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
