                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Is Staff saying it is the same?

Ms. Gitelman: In Item G, you're asking us to look at ways of streamlining
the garage permits and look at valet parking. That could or couldn't include
setting up a permit process where businesses could share permits. We
really haven't given it any thought. This is new direction to us this evening.

Council Member Holman: You're saying it could be included in "G"?

Mayor Scharff: I personally think it's (inaudible). I think we should just
vote on it. Staff can do what they want with it. That passes on a 5-3 vote.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-3 DuBois, Fine, Scharff no, Kniss absent

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, are you done?

Council Member Holman: I'm done.

Mayor Scharff: I'm just going to briefly say, since I haven't spoken, that the
only thing we didn't really address was the medical/dental issues. I'm not
quite sure how to address that. I appreciate that everyone came down and
talked about that. I will just throw out there that I think we should give an
additional 25 permits for people for locally serving medical/dental who reside
within the district.

Council Member Fine: I'll second that, but I'd like to quickly ask Staff about,
if you permit, the estimated number of employees in these districts and
what the drive rate is.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member XX to
add to the Motion, “increase the number of permits for medical and dental
serving employers to 50 based on location.”

Ms. Gitelman: I think we're thinking it would need to be a little higher than
25, maybe 50. I think we would like to do it by location, identify businesses
along that section of El Camino.

Mayor Scharff: I'd be happy to do that, and I'd be happy to have you do it
by location. I would change it to 50 and by location.

Council Member Fine: It's 50 per the three employee parking districts?

Mayor Scharff: I wanted to go with 25 but Staff said 50.




                                                                       Page 118 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
