                         TRANSCRIPT
Special Orders of the Day

2.   Partner Presentation by East Palo Alto Sanitary District.

Mayor Scharff:   … partner presentation by the East Palo Alto Sanitation
District.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, members of the
Council. I'll ask Phil Bobel, our Assistant Director of Public Works, to
introduce our guests and speaker.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Phil Bobel, Public Works. Thank
you, Ed. From time to time, we want to recognize and thank the partners to
our sewage treatment plant, five of them in addition to Palo Alto. Tonight,
we have with us Dennis Scherzer, who's a Board Member of the East Palo
Alto Sanitary District. We're thrilled to have him, and he'll be up in just a
second. By way of background, I'd say why it's timely to recognize and
thank East Palo Alto Sanitary District for their engagement and help in
moving forward is because we're about to give you, Council, the construction
contract approval for our next major project, a $20 million sludge
dewatering building that will allow us to phase out our sludge incinerators in
about 2 years. That's important because they use a lot of energy and
produce a lot of greenhouse gases. It's an extremely important project for
us. It's only the first step because it just takes the sludge to the next step
of being dewatered, and it allows us to truck it to another facility, probably
another sewage treatment plant, for a period time until we can really get the
next technology in place. That's what the East Palo Alto Sanitary District
Board and Dennis in particular would like to talk to you about tonight, what
should that next technology be that the sewage treatment plant embraces.
Dennis has some thoughts on that, and we thought—again it's nothing you
need to approve. We've not made a decision on that next major piece of
technology. It's good to have him give you his thoughts now, well in
advance of a decision you'd be making. The construction decision you're
making in a number of weeks is only that first step, and not the second step
that Dennis is going to be addressing. Let me introduce you and thank him
for years of involvement with the plant. Dennis Scherzer.

Mayor Scharff: Welcome, Mr. Scherzer.

Dennis Scherzer, East Palo Alto Sanitary District: Thank you, Mayor Scharff,
members of Council. On behalf of the East Palo Alto Sanitary District, I want
to especially thank you for graciously allowing us to share with you findings
that we've made. When we were first aware of the process and the proposal
of the treatment plant upgrade back in 2014, when the bio-solids facility
plant came out, we first started to see what was planned for the future. Laid
                                                                        Page 2 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
