                          TRANSCRIPT
to follow the rules for some reason. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's
some secret handshake you guys have.           We've been talking to the
neighborhood. This is Castilleja; that's their parcel. There's two houses
here that they want to knock down. My house happens to be right next to
them. We have …

Mayor Scharff: If you could just wrap it up. Thanks.

Mr. Levitsky: I will wrap it up. The green lights here indicate every single
neighborhood house who has signed our petition, over 70 households so far,
400 people. This is not just a few weirdos. We're serious about this, and we
want our neighborhood left alone. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.     Carolyn Schmarzo to be followed by Neva
Yarkin.

Carolyn Schmarzo: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. My name is
Carolyn Schmarzo. I live at 1550 Emerson Street. Castilleja, founded in
1907, a school of traditions, blue pastel uniforms and many ceremonies, a
charming and well-respected institution. However, I don't intend to discuss
its merits. I do intend to discuss its proposed parking lot and increased
Enrollment Plan. I vehemently oppose this project for the following reasons.
Traffic. The six-year long project will bring heavy construction equipment
into an area already busy. After the garage is completed, it will invite major
traffic jams and gridlock not only on Embarcadero but also throughout all of
Old Palo Alto, Emerson, Bryant, Waverley, Cowper, Churchill, Tennyson and
California Avenue. It will result in traffic of Biblical proportions. Safety,
safety, safety. I oppose this project because of safety issues. All of this
frantic traffic will present a risk to the public school students of Palo Alto.
Imagine the students of Walter Hays, Jordan, Addison and Paly going to
school on their scooters, skateboards, rollerblades, bicycles and cars.
Everyone is dodging dump trucks hauling loads of dirt, cement trucks,
bulldozers, and other heavy equipment. This only prepares—if you think
that's fun, just wait until the extra 500 or 600 cars are clogging our streets.
Just think about it. Zoning. The area of Castilleja is zoned R-1 residential.
Do zoning laws not matter anymore? Are they quaint and charming? The
Castilleja Board has been sniffing the toxic fumes of entitlement. Webster
defines entitlement: to give a person or thing a right or claim to something.
The Castilleja project demonstrates this. They feel they are entitled to risk
the safety of not only Palo Alto's public school students but also its residents.
They are entitled to destroy our neighborhoods with gridlock and traffic.
They are entitled to violate Zoning Codes. They are entitled to violate the
CUP agreement. The property owners of Palo Alto should not be asked to
sacrifice the livability of neither their neighborhood nor the City for the

                                                                           Page 7 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
