                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Thank you for that. I will support this Amendment.
In addition to everything that you said, Mayor Scharff, Palo Alto High School
is there also. With the traffic congestion over there and the ingress and
egress, not having further density in that location is very important to keep
the safety factor.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm looking for the actual language that would be
reinserted into …

Mayor Scharff: Do you want me to come back to you? I'll (crosstalk).

Council Member Wolbach: I'll speak to this. I'll not be supporting the
Amendment.       Even though I don't think Town and Country Village is
currently prepared for housing, there is a potential for that at some point
during the lifecycle of this Comprehensive Plan. I would like to not foreclose
that opportunity. I will not be supporting this Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I am supporting it. It's probably the shopping center I'm
most familiar with. You wait for three lights frequently to get there. I can't
imagine what would happen that would be different that would actually allow
housing to go there. In truth, if they came to us for housing, I think I'd
probably say I don't think that's a good idea. That's very limited on parking,
so that they have valet parking at noon time, which indicates just how
crowded it is. There's one other aspect of this that I wanted to bring up.
Council Member Tanaka has talked a lot about curation, which wasn't
something I was very familiar with as far as curating a shopping center.
That's one that they have definitely curated and well. I think it's three to
four years now perhaps. That was a dying shopping center. Whomever took
it over from the last person who managed it completely redid it in such a
way that it is not only frequented but over-frequented. I think it's a great
example of really good retail in our City. I would certainly like to keep that
retail. They do have some small offices on the second floor. I think this is
one of those areas that, as I said, I would not support for housing.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I actually wanted to ask a question of Staff.
Council's had a lot of concern over the last few years about conversions of


                                                                       Page 67 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
