                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: I've seconded it.

Mayor Scharff: Now, I'm going to clear the board, and we're going to only
speak to the Amendment. Go ahead and put your lights on. Council
Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not going to support this Amendment. I
would ask actually that we—especially if it passes, but I think regardless it
does sound like we should separate the components into separate votes.

Mayor Scharff: Got it. I see no other lights. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Sorry, it was on. To go back to Vice Mayor Kniss'
comment earlier, there's nothing here referencing restaurants if you want to
add that.

Council Member DuBois:      I think it applies to hairstylists; it's not just
restaurants.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think from a practical perspective, the City
Manager has indicated that there's enough give and take and block and
tackle involved in moving this forward that, as long as we're reasonably
clear on what our intent here is, the City Staff was going to work with the
legislative group to do it. Personally, I'm okay with both languages. I think
they both get in the sweet spot. I'll support whichever one the maker and
the seconder to the Motion support.

Mayor Scharff: With that, let's vote on the board.

Vice Mayor Kniss: On the Amendment?

Mayor Scharff: On the Amendment, yes, just voting on the Amendment.
That passes on a 5-4 vote with Council Members Wolbach, Scharff—is that
Filseth?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

Mayor Scharff: Filseth and Fine voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Filseth, Fine, Scharff, Wolbach no

Mayor Scharff: Back to the main Motion. I'm going to split them. We'll first
vote on—how did you want to split it, Cory? You wanted to just vote without
…
                                                                       Page 44 of 60
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/9/17
