                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: Just leave your name with the Clerk, though, when you're
done.

Mr. Mazzola: Sure. We've been listening to the people's concerns about
parking. I work with a company called Pied Parker. We've been trying to
create a technological solution to the problem here.          We're a shared
economy parking application. What we do is we get homeowners and
commercial business owners to rent out their private parking spaces.
Parking is responsible for up to 30 percent of people's transportation issues.
Folks lose almost 2 days a year in looking for parking. We've been working
with people and Council Members in Long Beach. We've been successful
there in reaching out and getting people to license the use of their private
parking spaces. We hope to come here and work together to get a solution
to try and help the concerns of the City for addressing the commercial
parking issues as well as the private citizens' issues with being able to park
for coming to town for their businesses. If anyone's interested in learning
more about Pied Parker, let me know. My name's Robert Mazzola. I have
some business cards I can share with you. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you. Now, Stan Belalojic [sic]. Am I close even?
Are you the person?

Stan Bjelajac: Yes. Bjelajac, it's silent "J"s. Good evening, all. I'm a
dentist in Evergreen Park. I work on behalf of our dental society and worked
with residents most recently Downtown and hope to work with all of you
going forward. I wanted to provide you with a quick update as far as the
Evergreen district goes. As things stand right now, since it's been passed,
we have done the research on our end. Our offices that are at the far end of
the edge and most that are closer to California Avenue are left with
absolutely zero permits. We spoke with some of the founders of this
program, of the original RPP program. We were told that the design of the
RPP program as loosely defined in the '60s but the California Vehicle Code
was to provide for residents and merchants. We were told that the idea was
never zero permits but to have balanced parking. We want to be a part of
that solution. I can tell you right now we have an opportunity of 2 months
to make this right for our residents and for our offices as well. It might be
an administrative burden to this, but the important thing that we gathered
from talking with some of the residents Downtown is we have to improve the
process. I've sent you the information on this as far as, I guess, we've got
to say we put the residents first. Our residents have spoken just in the
Mayfield—from that petition that's got over 1,000 signatures of Palo Alto
residents just from Mayfield and Evergreen districts alone, we have over 200
supporters for our offices. We have to explain to them how we're going to
be left with zero permits. We have worked to find solutions for this. We
                                                                       Page 36 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
