                          TRANSCRIPT
up. Thank you. The work that we have done has been working with City
Staff, working with Mr. Wolbach in drafting this policy, but we need further
action. That is why I'm here today. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Kerry Yarkin, Sky Posse: Good evening, Mayor and City Council persons.
I'm here to lobby you so that we can secure a seat on the Ad Hoc
Subcommittee for regional flight paths into SFO. I hope you can represent
our interests so that we will have a way to stop the dumping of planes over
Palo Alto which has occurred very much so in the last 2-3 years. Also, I'd
like to say to the City Manager, you can put a monitor for air quality over my
home. I have over 100 planes a day, and I'm very concerned about the fine
particulate pollution, which is caused by all the planes over my home and
my neighborhood. The second thing is I think there's some history that you
should know. This is just airplane history about the SF Roundtable. In
1998, the Mayor who was Joe Huber tried to get a seat on the SFO
Roundtable. We've tried many times since then. I know Nancy Shepherd in
2014, three years ago, tried to get a seat on the SFO Roundtable and was
rebuffed.     I think there was another attempt to get a seat on the
Roundtable. The Roundtable representing San Mateo County has done a
very good job of protecting their neighborhoods, their quality of life. The
City of Atherton, Belmont, Burlingame, Foster City, Hillsboro, Menlo Park,
Millbrae, Redwood City, San Carlos, San Mateo, Woodside and then the
Supervisors from San Mateo County, Supervisor at San Francisco, the
Mayor's Office, they have all worked very hard to protect their quality of life
in San Mateo County. If you look at the three-page—all the data that we
sent you, the traffic has moved south. It used to be in San Mateo County;
they've been moving it all south. We now have 60 percent of all the arrivals
into SFO flying over Palo Alto. I'm very, very much disturbed by this and
the quality of life. I also went through the Select Committee hearings here
in the City Council building. Seize the day; show leadership; represent us so
we can have peace and quiet once again over Palo Alto.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.     Nelson Buchanan to be followed by Mark
Mollineaux.

Neilson Buchanan: Mayor Scharff, I'd like to just take a couple of your
minutes and the rest of the Council to point out that you're going to be
considering two items later tonight without the benefit of the 2016 Citizen
Survey. I've been to the Council several times before to suggest that
holding this information back is not going to help your decision-making
tonight or in future Council meetings. You're going to consider a traffic
safety issue later tonight.   You're going to consider a parking versus

                                                                        Page 36 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
