                         TRANSCRIPT
because rents are too high. The gentleman also just said office property
owners are not willing to rent to him because they're worried that they won't
be able to get it back as an office space.               We're being very
counterproductive here when you guys come in and say, "We want this, but
we're not going to provide that." Paying into the Parking Assessment
District is paying for parking spaces that are phantom. It's not out there.
You're actually circling the neighborhoods and taking up actual parking
spaces and permits from the dentist employees, from Channing House
nurses and aides. I really hope that you give a chance in order to work
something out rather than pushing the problem to a different place.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Let me also go to Staff and ask a number of questions.
It's pretty clear that we're getting substantial push back from the business
community. One of the things I would remind us is that, as sympathetic as I
am with doctors and dentists and so forth, there's no sales tax there
whatsoever. We run on sales tax; we run on businesses who function and
function well in our community. That's really important. I'm very concerned
with a very different kind of Ordinance that, as many have said tonight, is a
one size fits all, which would mean that we're applying it not only on
California Avenue. Who talked about Pete's on California Avenue? It was—
thank you. I keep thinking why can't we have a Pete's on California Avenue.
I'd forgotten why. I prefer Pete's to Starbucks; many of you know that
anyway. Looking at this from an overall City standpoint, we're talking about
anything on El Camino, we're talking about anything on California Avenue.
How about Midtown? Midtown is about as funky as they come, and that is
where I do a lot of my shopping. I have a feeling almost any one of those
would have trouble staying as they are. We're a quirky town, and we're
very different from this end of town to the far end of town where there is a
Pete's at Charleston Shopping Center. I'm very inclined to support what
Chair Alcheck mentioned early on. Is this really ready for prime time? I
realized it was passed as an emergency Ordinance. I know I was here when
that was passed. I'm not going to indicate that was done before my time. I
think this is one of those that we need to rethink. I'm extremely concerned
about the number of things that are bought online. How many of you have
bought—now, be honest. How many of you have bought online in the last
month? I mean my colleagues too. There's no one who's not buying online
any more. You frequently go and look at a store, and then you buy online.
That's what's happening. I'm older. My kids don't know that you could
actually—I don't think they know anything other than how to buy online.
That's what they do. My daughter will say, "Mom, if you need new shoes,
why aren't you online? Why would you go Downtown and look for them?"
Who said it earlier? Roxy? Did you mention how we'll buy shoes in the
                                                                      Page 60 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
