                          TRANSCRIPT
for analysis. The moderate growth scenario reflected the historic growth
rate, and it was bracketed by an aggressive growth scenario, which had a lot
more development, and a minimal growth scenario. The study showed that
all three of those scenarios were able to fit within the academic growth
boundary because Stanford was developing in a compact way. After a
number of public hearings, it was approved by the Board of Supervisors in
2009. The application that we submitted in November is consistent with
both the timing and the amount of development in that moderate growth
scenario. Once again, the application includes something similar as in the
2000 General Use Permit, and it's known as a housing linkage. This is what
ensures that housing is built on pace with academic development. For every
500,000 square feet of academic facilities, Stanford needs to build 605
housing units or student beds. It goes up in a stairway fashion. At the end
of the day, when Stanford has finished all of its academic square feet,
Stanford must have developed 2,753 housing units or student beds. Some
of the housing that Stanford builds qualifies as RHNA housing.             The
undergraduate units are group quarters, so they're not considered housing
units under the State's definition. The graduate student apartments are
considered housing units.       Because of the rent that Stanford charges
compared to the median income in the county, they are also considered
affordable.   The County has documented in its Housing Element that
Stanford has built 816 affordable housing units on campus between 2000
and 2014. Looking ahead, of the 3,150 housing units that Stanford has
requested for approval, it's anticipated that about 900 of those would be
graduate student beds, and they will most likely be in the apartment style
that we've been constructing lately. Given that the rent that Stanford
charges is about 40 percent of the current market value, it's anticipated that
these would also fulfill the County's RHNA requirements in their future
Housing Elements. In addition to building affordable housing, Stanford does
contribute to an affordable housing fund that's managed by the County in
order to support the construction of housing in the local community. This
payment to the County is accrued every time Stanford adds academic
square feet to campus. To date, more than $25 million has gone to the
County, and it's anticipated that amount will grow to $39 million by the time
the academic square feet is built out. The County has disbursed more than
$13 million of this to four projects in Palo Alto and one in Mountain View that
together had supported 319 new affordable housing units in those two cities.
Stanford has proposed to continue that contribution to the County's
affordable housing fund at a rate of $20 a square foot against the academic
square feet and increasing with inflation each year. Using those amounts
and assuming that the academic square feet take 17 years to build out, it's
anticipated that would generate $56 million to go to the County to be
disbursed in the community. As you know, it's a little bit unique to have a
single project both build affordable housing and contribute to affordable
                                                                        Page 15 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
