                         TRANSCRIPT
harmonious transitions, rhythmic patterns, design linkages. In its August
4th ARB hearing, one ARB Board Member felt that the project feels
mysterious. These kinds of vague and unworkable standards should be
rejected. There are also equal protection concerns and taking concerns
under the Fifth Amendment, particularly with respect to the Kipling Post
transferrable development rights. I encourage the City Council to review
those letters. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Joseph Bellomo, Project Architect: Good evening. My name's Joseph
Bellomo. I'm the architect for the project. I apologize; I'm not feeling well.
I came down with the flu, but it's important that I'm here. I've lived and
worked on Kipling and University Avenue for 35 years, so I'm familiar with
the fabric of the Downtown. I designed the parking structure for the City of
Palo Alto, the buildings on the circle, 116 and 102 University Avenue, served
on the ARB, served on the Planning Commission here, worked on Johnson
Park design. I love Palo Alto. I'm definitely here to stay. The project that
you're seeing today is eclectic in nature. It's expresses the structural
systems much like the project at 102 University Avenue. It's a sustainable
concrete we've developed. It's a proprietary mix. The building here at 429
has a combination of steel, glass, honest materials expressing the structure
and minimal layering. We'll approach LEED with a platinum here, for sure.
A scale model would be helpful, to bring it up there. You guys want to see
it? You guys okay? There's a (inaudible) in here. It's a 55-foot building
here. Again, I apologize. I'll introduce Pratima Shah, and she'll take it from
here. Thank you.

Pratima Shah, Bellomo Architects: I guess I have only two or three minutes
left. I will quickly …

Mayor Scharff: Two.

Ms. Shah: Two. I will quickly summarize. We have two levels of basement
parking for 17 cars each, first floor retail, second floor commercial, third
floor residential, three residences, and fourth floor one commercial and one
residential unit. This is the program we are proposing for Council's review.
This is the first-floor plan with retail space. We have kept the 20-foot
storefront rhythm that we tried to maintain here. Second floor has 10-foot
setback from the alley side, which can be used as a breakout space for
offices. Third floor has seven-foot eight-inches setback from both Kipling
Street and University Street and 10-foot setback from the alley. Fourth floor
has a maximum setback of 37-foot from the Kipling Street, approximately
20-foot from University Avenue and 10-foot from the alley. This is the

                                                                        Page 37 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
