                          TRANSCRIPT
to the City Council on your Consent Calendar. We'll follow the existing
process that we have today where three Council Members need to pull it.

Mayor Scharff: Right, but we should put the language in now.

Council Member Holman: Yes, we should.

Mayor Scharff: Do you want me to put the language in?

Mr. Lait: We can. We're not putting the language in on some of these other
ones.

Mayor Scharff: We need to go back and fix it. It doesn't have to be in the
Ordinance, but it has to state what needs to be done.

Ms. Stump: All of these items—yes. You're describing the concept. Staff
will—not at 11:00 at night—carefully draft language. It will come back on
your Consent for a second reading.

Mayor Scharff:     No one's considering drafting the language for the
Ordinance, but the concept is not there yet.

Council Member Holman: It should say the Planning Director refer the
request to the City Council on Consent. If we just add the words "on
Consent," we're probably there. I realize if we're doing this only, though,
we're saying that the Director will make a decision, will be put in the position
of having to make a decision and then putting it on Consent. The Director
may actually want to refer it to Council or make a decision and put it on
Consent. There may be some that are so contentious that the Director
might like them to come here first.

Mr. Lait: If you don't mind, Mayor, we would also include a provision that
subject to the Director's decision it be forwarded to the Council. Seeing how
your agendas are, it'd be better if the Director just makes a decision, and
you have the opportunity to consider it or not, rather than we force it on
you.

Council Member Holman: The only thing that I'm thinking about is there
have been some things in the last year, year and a half, that the Director
has forwarded to Council because they were too contentious or too unclear.
She had the option, and she did bring things to Council.

Mr. Lait: Yes, and we do have an amendment that is coming forward to the
Council in March. I had referenced it before. This is your Planning Code
amendment. We're actually adding some more specific language about the
Director being able to refer items to the City Council.
                                                                         Page 91 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
