                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Lund Smith to be followed by Jaime Wong.

Lund Smith: Good evening, Mayor and City Council Members. My name is
Lund Smith. I'm here tonight representing the property owners, Boyd Smith
and Dick Jacobson, of 425 Portage Avenue. As you may recall, our property
was discussed in the Council hearing last year, where we requested that our
property be excluded from the retail Ordinance. I'm here tonight to make a
similar request but also to address a lot of the same issues that have been
discussed here as to why the retail Ordinance is flawed and should not be
adopted. I want to read a letter first—some highlights from a letter that was
sent to you earlier today from the owners of Pet Food Depot that, I think,
highlights one of the issues of this Ordinance and why it doesn't work. The
one-size-fits-all approach does not work. I'm just going to read some
highlights. I'm Hegnar [phonetic], and my father, Harry, is the owner of the
Pet Food Depot. I've helped my father run our family business since 2001.
In January of 2012, we moved from our El Camino Real location, where
Equinox now sits, to the 425 Portage site. Since our occupancy at the 425
Portage Avenue location, our business has struggled to survive. We've not
been able to attract new customers because it's not a retail location, giving
us lack of visibility, lack of parking, and the fact that the building is a
warehouse. We have no doubt that a new business trying to establish itself
here would fail given the constraints we mentioned above. Our landlord, Mr.
Boyd Smith, has been very generous and helpful. He even substantially
reduced our rent in order to help. Despite our landlord's help and reduced
rents and despite our making every effort to make the business profitable,
retail just doesn't work here. A few years ago, we approached the City
about purchasing the City's pet supplies from our store. We were told the
City does its purchasing online. It's unfortunate that the City of Palo Alto
does not support its own small businesses. This property is not conducive as
a retail business location. Our experience has shown that this property
should be used for nonretail use that does not require visibility, parking and
can operate in a warehouse building. I bring your attention to this letter
because, as you can see from the letter, Pet Food Depot did not survive at
425 Portage, largely because it is not a retail location. This Ordinance puts
us as owners in an impossible situation because you're telling us that we
cannot even lease the building out as a warehouse. We've tried to market
this space as retail for over a year. We've put ads in the Palo Alto Daily,
Palo Alto Weekly, virtually no interest. I know we are just one location of
many impacted by this Ordinance. This is an example of why the Ordinance
cannot be a Citywide Ordinance. It has to be specific to the retail corridors
and focus on just those locations. We allowed Pet Food Depot to come into
our warehouse at reduced rent from day one as an accommodation because
they had no place to go. We are now being severely penalized because we
can't go back to just a warehouse building. With the risk of being locked
                                                                       Page 53 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
