                          TRANSCRIPT
Neilson Buchanan: I'm going to call upon my wonderful Uncle Bill, who was
a physician. I'll tell you how he managed conflict within his family. When
my cousins, his daughters, had all their family spats and problems with
boyfriends, my cousins would wake up the next morning with my uncle's
prescription pad with a little advice on it. That's the way he spoke to his
family. The Evergreen Park residents asked me to make a few comments
and suggestions based on what we've learned in Downtown North Permit
Parking Program. Let me write a couple of prescriptions. I would encourage
you to ask Staff to come back on August the 28th with some thoughts about
reduction, whether it's possible. There's no reason it can't be addressed
pretty quickly. We learned enough from Downtown North that you could
deal with it with the idea it might be implemented April 1st next year. That's
a year cycle. The second prescription is I think you need to talk to
yourselves to give some allocation and a mandate to the TMA to find some
ways to actually implement the transportation demand management things
that you've asked for. You've been making promises; it's in the written
record particularly for you Mayor Scharff. I can show you to the letter when
you denied an appeal that there was intention to do something about
demand management, and that hasn't happened. I believe in the TMA stuff.
It takes a long cycle to get people to change their behavior. You could take
the edge off the problem by not letting that sit idle. My third prescription is
to be very careful about new projects coming through and not digging the
hole deeper. The economy still shows no sign of abating. You can't
completely regulate the density of workers Downtown. While you're trying
to take the edge off this problem by containing it, it might not be. Be really
careful about new projects. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Christian Pease is our final speaker.

Christian Pease:      Aren't you glad about that?         Christian Pease, Park
Boulevard, I think, about 20 years, and I grew up in Palo Alto. Whatever. I
think it's hard to find an article written about the California Avenue Business
District that doesn't immediately say it's transportation rich. If you come
here tonight, you'd say that's kind of hard to believe. This problem is bigger
than Evergreen, it's bigger than this RPP. What I'd like to suggest to you,
given all the plans, some of them quite interesting looking forward, to
develop this area because it's transportation rich, is we need a
Comprehensive Plan for the entire district. When we came here a year ago,
we pointed out that we thought it was astonishing that there was no such
plan. The City Manager has just mentioned in the press that the reason we
can't have a phase-out is because there's no organized coordinated effort
like there is Downtown to manage traffic over in the California Avenue area.
I encourage you, after all the hard work that Staff has done—a fairly
thankless job, I might add and one that's filled with a lot of emotion at
                                                                        Page 96 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
