                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: The EIR should cover the range of possibility. I
wouldn't be averse to—if we say … I think 9,000-10,000 for the EIR is—we
might not get our money's worth out of the EIR.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:         I have to say, Cory, this is a tempting
Amendment, and I'm really listening hard to the arguments being made
tonight. I'm not sure we all fully understand the ramifications of what we
passed on January 30th. What we passed on January 30th would actually
degrade the housing situation. It's that combination of removing all the
caps and increasing the jobs with some housing growth but not enough to
keep up with that job growth. The people that benefit from that situation, I
don't think the residents benefit. I don't think people looking for new
housing benefit. I think the demand for that housing is going to be
extremely high. On the other hand, this question of what's a reasonable
number, we need to think about that. The biggest thing for me, though, is
there's talk in here about policies to encourage housing Downtown, to allow
commercial space to be turned into residential space. I would offer a
friendly Amendment that rather than change the job numbers, we reconsider
the introduction of the Downtown cap. We would be left with these more
middle-ground job numbers, but we would create an environment where we
might actually get more housing. I'll just throw that out there to see if
there's interest in that.

Mayor Scharff: Karen's what?

Council Member Wolbach: She's the maker herself.

Mayor Scharff: Karen's the maker of the Motion.

Council Member DuBois: I'm not replacing Part C. I'm keeping Part C of the
original Amendment but to reintroduce some form of the Downtown cap to
be defined by Staff.

Council Member Holman: I'll second, but it's for discussion because I need
some clarification.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to add to Part C of the Motion, “to reintroduce some
form of cap on development Downtown.”

Mayor Scharff: I don't think this is agendized. Is this the time to do this?

Mr. Keene: Molly probably can weigh in there best.

                                                                            Page 80 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
