                          TRANSCRIPT
purpose unless there is a vote of the people and the majority of it for that
purpose. The Foothills district is constrained by a term in your document
that there will be no change in the academic growth boundary through the
duration of the General Use Permit. There is a higher level of control above
that in the Community Plan, which is the area plan of their General Plan,
analogous to ours. That says at any time they can change it if four or five
Supervisors vote to change the academic growth boundary. The other one
that was put in in 2000 after a big discussion was that there will be no
change in the academic growth boundary for 25 years and until the housing
or the building area of academic and support facilities and student housing
reaches 17,300,000 square feet. We're not renewing that; we are just
extending it. In 2025, the first condition passes unless something changes.
As far as the 17.3 million square feet are concerned, we have information
again in the Community Plan that the expectation for this project at the end
of this period would be that there would be—let's see. They would be 1.5
million square feet short. Under the old application, they haven't used about
600 square feet of academic space. It doesn't only count academic space;
it's also housing space for students. We have 1.8 million being put into four
ten-story towers over at Escondido Village, three-quarters of that will be
new. That's going to add up about another 1.5 million square feet. The
point is, by the time we get to 2025, both conditions will be gone, and there
will be no guarantee that there won't be any application proposal that can
come through to have growth in the Foothills. We need to have a long-term
agreement as part of the General Use Permit that there will not be
development in the Foothills district. Let's go out to traffic. I think there's a
good point in the Staff Report that we should be looking at increasing the
length of the peak hours. We're now looking at one-way commute trips at a
2-hour stretch. We're going to have the campus that's going to be running
at many, many hours during the day. We really need daily counts. We're
particularly concerned in College Terrace, so we want—I didn't realize. Am I
3 minutes or 2 minutes?

Mayor Scharff: Three minutes, but your 3 minutes (crosstalk).

Mr. Balin: That was 3 minutes?

Mayor Scharff: That was 3 minutes.

Mr. Balin: I sent my points in to the County. Obviously if they can get the
no net new commute trips at the same level without loosening the top level
that they have now and do it again, I'll come back and eat my hat.

Mayor Scharff:     Thank you.      Herb Borock to be followed by Steven
Woodward.

                                                                         Page 20 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
