                          TRANSCRIPT
wanted to check. Was the 6-mile limit for use of affordable housing funds
dropped?

Ms. Palter: The 6-mile radius for the affordable housing was part of the
2000 GUP. In our application, we made a suggestion that it be along transit
corridors in order to further the important benefits that come with that.
That's Stanford's proposal. I think that will shake itself out in the process.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure I fully understand that. Do you
want to elaborate on that a little bit more? Is it Stanford's proposal that we
drop the 6-mile radius in exchange for doing it along transit corridors or is it
in addition to along transit corridors or a slightly larger radius along transit
corridors so that it has to do with time of transit? How do you look at
(crosstalk)?

Ms. Palter: The application was going to say instead of the 6-mile radius,
put it along transit corridors. That was a thought just because of our focus
recently. I think going back to the 6-mile could be considered. That's what
I’m saying. It could shake out in the—the most important thing is that
Stanford is committed to putting the money in the fund, and we're probably
less concerned about where it's spent. We just thought from our judgment
it made sense along transit corridors.

Council Member Wolbach: Speaking just for myself, something we would
consider for comment and encouraging—I would suggest both, that it would
be within 6 miles and it also emphasize along transit corridors, whether
that's strengthening those transit corridors so that they can be more
effective. Was it just last week or 2 weeks ago we were talking about a
project on El Camino? I raised my concerns with El Camino and how we can
see it be a more effective transit corridor. We were talking about the
contributions that Stanford makes towards improving our transit corridors
and Stanford's contribution to our housing funds. Thinking about how those
coordinate is important obviously. I know that you're well aware of that. I'll
just speak to why I think it's important to maintain this 6-mile radius. The
proximity of Stanford to Palo Alto is one of the major contributing factors to
the demand to live in Palo Alto and to live close to Stanford, whether it's
along transit corridors or not. That helps contribute—along with many other
things that make Palo Alto a wonderful place, it contributes to the high cost
of housing here, making the acquisition of land for affordable housing in Palo
Alto particularly challenging.       Maintaining that 6-mile radius is still
worthwhile. On Caltrain electrification, will Stanford work with us to make
sure that Caltrain gets electrified no matter what?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I want to hear the answer.

                                                                         Page 31 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
