                         TRANSCRIPT
like to see very careful traffic analysis on areas that will be specifically
impacted. I think College Terrace is an obvious area that needs to be
considered very carefully. The ability to mitigate the impacts on College
Terrace are quite limited. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we return to Council for questions and
comments. Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, and thank you very much for
the presentation. That was helpful. I know you've been doing lots of
workshops around the community and across the county. A few comments
and a few questions. First, looking over this data and seeing it at some of
the meetings, I think it's worth noting and celebrating that in many cases
Stanford has some of the best opportunities across the entire county to do
low transit, low impact growth going forward actually. That in a way is
something to be celebrated and modeled for other communities. Stanford
has a robust TDM program. VMT is lower. It's producing more affordable
housing than many of the other entities across this county. I think that's
something to be celebrated and something that isn't brought up quite
enough. There are some questions about the methodology behind the no
new net trips issue. My neighbor, Fred Balin, brought those up. I think it
would behoove Stanford to share those measures explicitly and get feedback
from some residents. There's a letter from the Southgate neighborhood to
Council on this issue about really being a little more explicit on the timing
and how those measures are made. I think that would be helpful. A few
questions. One, what issues does Stanford foresee with the County? What
feedback have you heard from County Planning so far on this GUP? I'm just
wondering.

Ms. Palter: I think they believe as we do that the framework that we've
established has been very successful. One piece of feedback we received is
that they appreciate the ability we have to look at things comprehensively
and solve things comprehensively because of the landholdings. To increase
that wherever possible, we established a number of measures in 2000. We
are going to be addressing historic resources in the same way; we are doing
that to respond to their comment to continue to look at things
comprehensively.

Council Member Fine: Thank you. My last question is about the academic
growth boundary. As I've understood it, it does expire in 2025 with some
extra conditions. What's Stanford's thoughts on that? Is that purposeful?
Would you be willing to extend it further? How do you see that decision
coming to bear on your plans?


                                                                      Page 22 of 102
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/27/17
