                          TRANSCRIPT
throughout the regional water system is also high and has hit a record high
for the month of January, surpassing the previous record of January 1997.
At this point, the Governor, however, has not declared an end to the
drought. The State Water Resources Control Board is proposing to extend
the emergency water conservation regulation through the end of May of this
year. A decision is expected to be made tomorrow, February 7th. The
impact of extending the State's emergency water conservation regulation is
negligible to Palo Alto, as the City already has 0 percent State-mandated
conservation target and is on track to save more than 20 percent compared
to our baseline of 2013 with our current voluntary conservation. Current
water saving regulations will continue through that May timeframe. With
respect to the electric generation, this precipitation in the current season has
generated roughly 206 percent of the Calaveras hydro production to the
State. This same central Sierra region, the snow water content is currently
measured at 175 percent of average for this point in the year. Would note,
however, relative to the annual milestone of April 1st, this equates to
roughly 110 percent.         While we remain having 2 months of potential
precipitation, still early in the season. We are ahead of pace clearly. Palo
Alto's share of the base resource power from the Western Area Power
Administration, WAPA, is generating mainly in the north Sierra region. The
combined hydro power from Calaveras and WAPA generates about 50
percent of Palo Alto's electric portfolio in an average year. As the Council
knows, we purchase renewable credits, RECs, on a calendar year basis in
order to ensure our carbon neutral electric supply portfolio. Given the
upcoming year, however, and increased hydro production as well as our two
new solar plants, Staff expects that no RECs will need to be procured in
Calendar Year 2017. Next topic, County Measure A funding. Tomorrow,
February 7th, the County Board of Supervisors will be discussing an initial
Implementation Report for the recently approved Measure A affordable
housing bond. The Council will recall that the Santa Clara County voters
approved a total of $950 million of bonds in this past November's election.
The County intends to issue the first General Obligation bonds, about one-
third of the total, in September of this year and will make funds available to
affordable housing projects through a notice of funding availability at that
time. The County's strategic goals for the Bond Funds are to increase
support of housing for special needs populations, including homeless and
chronically homeless persons; increasing the supply of housing that is
available to extremely low-income households; and improve coordination
and collaboration among agencies involved in affordable housing. In a call
with the City Manager last week, County staff indicated their interest in
supporting one or more projects in Palo Alto with these funds and urged the
City to continue working with potential applicants to advance a proposal.
Update regarding our Residential Preferential Parking.             Following the
Council's approval of the Evergreen Park/Mayfield program, Staff is gearing
                                                                           Page 4 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
