                          TRANSCRIPT
come back and focus on the questions specifically. The next one was the
annual limit. Again, there were four options outlined by the CAC. The first
one was simply eliminate the annual limit, the 50,000 square feet per year
of office/R&D that's currently implemented through an Interim Ordinance.
The second option was to maintain that annual limit, but make it Citywide
minus SUMC which, again, would constitute a change. The third was the
same as the above except including the Stanford Research Park except it
could be exempted if there's a trip cap. Number 4 was the same as both of
those above with some different approach to exemptions than is currently
contained in the Interim Ordinance. Of course, you heard this evening from
one of the speakers that Stanford offered an alternative proposal that is also
outlined in the Staff Report. Housing locations is another set of options that
we've outlined for you. They include some of the ideas you've heard from
speakers this evening: the idea of adding housing on the El Camino
frontage of the Stanford Shopping Center; the idea of adding housing on the
El Camino frontage of Stanford Research Park; the idea of eliminating
housing sites along San Antonio Road and increasing densities Downtown
and California Avenue area that we've talked about before; then, Town and
Country and the SUMC and the western part of the Research Park. I think
these are all ideas that have come up before. When we brought this item to
you last in November, you heard a number of options about the height limit.
These are presented for you here. Again, there are four: maintaining the
current height limit; allowing the height limit to go up to 55 or 60 feet, this
is the change I like to call "55 is the new 50;" allow building heights up to 65
feet to facilitate multifamily housing in areas served by transit; then, allow
unspecified building heights if needed to facilitate a mix of multifamily
housing. I should note that at that Council meeting in November there was
an additional suggestion by some Council Members to just omit the height
limit from the Comp Plan. Currently, it's not in a policy in the Comp Plan;
it's in some of the explanatory text in the Comp Plan. The Council could
decide to perpetuate that and just keep it in the descriptive narrative but not
have it as a policy statement. Here's my "55 is the new 50" drawing. The
Downtown cap is the last growth management strategy. This is currently
contained in a program, Program L-8, in the Comprehensive Plan. The
options outlined by the CAC include eliminating this cap; then retaining it as
it currently exists with about 45,000 square feet less, but focusing it on
office/R&D. Three is the same but with an exemption. Four is the same but
would add hotel with an additional square footage exemption. I think we
could continue going through the rest of these, but I'll look to the Mayor. Do
you want us to finish up or do you want us to …

Mayor Scharff: Not really.


                                                                         Page 28 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
