                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think what we're trying to do in the Final EIR is give the
public a good description of where the Council thinks the policy decisions
they've made are going to end up at the end of the day. If we continue on
the path that we started on January 30th with the Council direction on
housing policies and policies related to moderating the pace of growth, this
is where we think about we're going to end up at the end of the day. It
helps us in the Final EIR demonstrate that the Comp Plan we've adopted falls
within the range that we've analyzed.

Council Member Tanaka: Is there going to be a change in our Zoning Code
as a result or is there going to be—is it changing our cap?

Ms. Gitelman: This is only for the EIR purposes. There's no precision here.
We really are trying to give the public and ourselves a good description of
where we think the policies will lead us.

Council Member Tanaka: That's what I thought. It's more of a rough
(inaudible). There's no real—as I understand it, any real—there's no teeth
to it, so to speak. Is that true or is there really teeth to this?

Mr. Keene: The EIR isn't being done in isolation. It is designed to allow the
Council to have the flexibility to ultimately adopt the Plan that will establish
the numbers. Those numbers are still in many ways a target to the extent
that there are zoning changes that would be necessary to go ahead and
implement them. Those are going to depend even on subsequent actions
that the Council is going to take after you've adopted the Comp Plan. Let's
be honest. We even have projects that come to us that have existing zoning
that can take a long time to get through our process.

Council Member Tanaka: The Mayor's approach, which was to have a range,
actually makes sense. My question here is since this is an EIR study, there's
no real teeth to it. Should we not just have an expanded range so that we
have more things covered? What's the downside of having a more expanded
range? Right now, this Amendment is moving it kind of up-range a bit.
What if we were to just have an expanded range? Let's say, go from—when
it went from Scenario 5, 3,545 to 6,000, what impact does that have if we
do that? An expanded range versus a narrower range slightly lower or
narrower range slightly higher, what impact does that have in terms of what
we're doing?

Ms. Gitelman: You could certainly do that. These scenarios taken as a
whole represent quite a range. We're trying to give in the Final EIR the
community some improvement on the range that's represented by the six
scenarios and trying to get a little finer. There's no question that you—this
is again art more than science. You could modify the Motion in any number
                                                                            Page 74 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
