                         TRANSCRIPT
parking. I think ultimately I support the Motion. To Council Member
Wolbach's comments, I think this is a pretty big adjustment, reducing by
half and then reducing the guest parking. Again, I think we need to have
some parking.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I'll be supporting the Amendment. We do have a
parking issue. When we all ran for the campaign on affordable housing—
we're talking about affordable housing, not giving away parking as an
incentive in order to build it when we have an issue. We are in a hole we're
not going to dig any more deeper than we need to by just having no
parking.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: I've got to jump in this one. I actually don't care,
and I think the Amendment's going to pass. We're talking about 3 acres of
RT-35. At most you're going to get 120 units. I think if we were to get 120
units of BMR in this City with absolutely no parking, most everyone in this
community would be supportive of that, even if we didn't add 60 parking
spots or 120 parking spots. Tom, you brought up the issue of micro units.
If somebody builds 300-square-foot units, some people might be interested
in them. Then, we're going to build parking spots which are just about as
big. This is a really marginal issue. Council Member Wolbach did bring up
the issue. Parking is a cost to affordable housing. It's a cost to regular
housing. This is the balancing act we're choosing.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman. That's a tough act to follow.

Council Member Holman: I think Council Member DuBois said it most. It's
not that affordable housing projects don't have any parking demand. Also,
recall that oftentimes there's a manager that lives onsite, that usually has a
car. There are people who come and service—services that need some place
to park. They need to get their cars off the street, especially in an RPP
district. I think this is reasonable. While I have the microphone just real
quickly, I'd ask the Mayor if we could take Section 5 separately so I can vote
for everything else. I'd appreciate it.

Mayor Scharff: Would you mind if we just recorded you as a no vote on that
section or do you want to take it separately?

Council Member Holman: Whichever way.



                                                                      Page 100 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
