                          TRANSCRIPT
saying I support everything that she just told you. The one thing I'd really
like to add, however, is how the Resolution that you adopted previously
concerning ADUs impacts your decision tonight.           I too would like to
commend you and congratulate you on making the proper decision about
accessory dwelling units. That's a really important step forward for the
community. What I've found over the last couple of years, ever since the
Comp Plan's been going, however, is that too little attention has been paid
to the impact that accessory dwelling units can have on the overall housing
count, especially on the housing diversity issue. It's been mentioned before
that we don't just have a housing crisis, we have a housing diversity crisis.
ADUs are going to be an important step. I think, given your prior decision
on the ADU issue, not only can you go with Scenario 6 but I would
encourage you to go a step further. Maybe it was a year ago, someone was
asking at one of these earlier Comp Plan review meetings how many units. I
got up here and told you 10,000, which probably sounded absurd. I'm going
to repeat that tonight. I actually think 10,000 is the correct number that our
community is going to need over the lifetime of the Comp Plan revision. If
you think about it, over that period of time, more than a decade, ADUs can
contribute a substantial amount. Given what you've already decided, I
would encourage you not only to adopt Scenario 6 but to consider going
further. Maybe you're not going to see 10,000 being the right number.
Maybe something closer to 7,500 would be appropriate in your judgment. In
my mind, 10,000 units is what we really need in this community. We need
many, many more smaller units. We need something that's going to
accommodate seniors, young people, young families so that we don't lose
what's really vital about Palo Alto. It's not parking, and it's not traffic-free
movement from Point A to Point B. It's the people that really constitutes the
most important thing we have in our City. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.      Lisa Van Dusen to be followed by David
Fudenberg.

Lisa Van Dusen: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. I will
try to be very brief here. I echo the 6,000 or greater number of Scenario 6
in the Comprehensive Plan. I hope that you will make the most of what
you've already started with the accessory dwelling unit initiative that was
voted on recently. Congratulations on that. I just wanted to share a couple
of brief stories that have stuck with me. The battery in my Prius has died a
couple of times recently. Both times recently, the people who came to help
me from AAA brought up, without me mentioning it, that they were moving
away because of housing costs.         They were already living in pretty
compromised circumstances. I'm just seeing the people that are part of our
community and part of helping us live our lives, cars or no cars, are getting
squeezed out. I'm just wondering who's going to be doing a lot of the jobs
                                                                            Page 41 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
