                          TRANSCRIPT
community beforehand to make this a community that will continue to pass
on what we value to our future generations. That's the real challenge. This
Council is facing a lot of difficult pressures from the regional and local
growth and changes. We must look at how we can both adapt and evolve
and embrace the qualities that we so value. I look forward to continuing to
participate as a private citizen and working with all of you and wish you all
the best, working on our collective challenges.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Schmid.

Greg Schmid: I've thought a lot about this night, after nine years, of leaving
the Council. I'd like to follow up the statements that have been made by my
colleagues, to thank my colleagues on the Council for working together, to
thank the Staff for providing a wealth of information on every issue we've
talked about and for the support they've earned in the community by
carrying out good government. I would like to just say a word about what I
think is key about this night and about local government. Local government
is special. I remember 35 years ago I had four kids in elementary school.
They had closed down ten elementary schools, two middle schools, two high
schools. We were meeting with parents and saying, "What's going to
happen to our schools?" Funding of schools, selling off school property.
Someone tapped me on the shoulder and said, "Why don't you go to the
School Board and tell them what you think? They're the ones who make
decisions." I remember thinking, "Go to the School Board? Why not?" I
remember that first night. I walked in there and looked up the rules, three
minutes, certain part of the Agenda. They were very busy. Who am I to
come here? I remember nervously getting up and saying in my three
minutes what I could. The Board Chair, when I finished, smiled, looked at
me, "Thanks so much for your input." I remember that feeling I had leaving
the meeting, saying "Even if they don't do what I say, the chance to get up
and express that made me feel that it was worth it." I remember doing the
same thing at the Council 10, 12 years ago about traffic, growth, quality of
life, speaking for three minutes, sometimes speaking for two minutes, going
to ARB meetings early in the morning, signing petitions, advocating. I
remember sitting there at night, frustrated at 11:00, the vote goes against
what you said, leaning over to the one other person in the room, saying "I
think you have to be on the Council to really have an impact." I got a
quizzical look for that. Another time at 11:00 when the vote came, one of
the Council Members said, "I'm going to change my vote because of
something that people said tonight." I finally with friends and neighbors ran
for Council and got on the Council. I remember it was a night like tonight. I
started out there, took the oath, walked up to the dais. I said, "How am I
going to retain that feeling I had, of people coming to speak to you, that it's
important and vital, key to them?" I got an Agenda. I remember reading
                                                                         Page 26 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
