                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think you're right. We could go back and reexamine the
housing inventory and remove some sites and add more or increase
densities on some existing sites. That's one of the ideas we've been
assessing as part of the Comp Plan with regard to those sites on San
Antonio. If we remove those, where can we increase densities or add sites
elsewhere? We could explore the same kind of approach here. In the
interim, unfortunately we're up against the wall and we kind of have to
follow through with this commitment we made when the Housing Element
went to the State.

Mayor Scharff: How many units are in the SOFA area total that we're talking
about?

Ms. Gitelman: We can look at that list we handed out to you and figure that
out, if you'll give us a few minutes.

Mayor Scharff: I will. It can be a rough number; it doesn't have to be
exact. Is it 20 or 50 or 55? It's like 20.

Ms. Gitelman: Looks like it's about 60 units on these sites in SOFA II.

Mayor Scharff: Thanks. Now, we'll return to Council for Motions, comments,
questions, etc. Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: I'd like to move that we adopt the Ordinance,
Attachment A, to amend Title 18 and find it exempt from CEQA.

Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to:

A.    Adopt an Ordinance amending Title 18 (Zoning Code) of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code including changes outlined in the Staff Memorandum;
      and

B.    Find the Ordinance exempt from          review   under   the   California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

Mayor Scharff: I think that Council Members may want to break out some of
these to vote separately on some of these items.           In looking at the
ordinance itself, it's broken down into sections. I'm thinking if you want to
pull out a section to vote separately on it. Why don't you ask me by section,
like Section 4 or Section? I think that makes the most sense. I'm open to
other thoughts, if people have other thoughts. If you obviously want to
make amendments, etc., that's fine. Council Member Fine, you want to
speak to your motion?
                                                                       Page 82 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
