                          TRANSCRIPT
a.m. in the Palo Alto marsh areas and may continue into the afternoon at
Zanker Marsh. If needed, operations may be extended into the morning of
Friday the 17th. The areas to be treated are the ITT marsh, Palo Alto flood
basin, and Zanker Marsh near Alviso. Approximately 725 acres in Palo Alto
will be treated with water-based formulations of environmentally safe
products. Products are mosquito-specific and short lived in the environment,
effectively control the immature mosquitoes but are not harmful to birds,
fish, other wildlife. A map of the area and additional information is available
on www.sccvector.org. That concludes my comments.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll move to Oral Communications. We have a
number of oral communications. You'll only have 2 minutes. We're an hour
behind. We need to vote. That's right. We need to talk about that.

[The Council returned to Item Number 5 before proceeding with this item.]

Mayor Scharff: For Oral Communications, items not on the Agenda, Fred
Balin to be followed by Tim Mulcahy. You'll have 2 minutes.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Mr. Mayor, members of the Council, as
Mr. Balin's coming up, if I might make one addendum to my earlier
comments. Apparently we just received notice that the County may be
delaying the vector control spraying to next week, given anticipated
weather.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Mr. Balin.

Fred Balin: Thank you. A quick heads up to the public about the General
Use Permit. The deadline for the scoping session or the deadline for the
scoping of the project is this Friday, February 17th. Council had been
scheduled to have a Study Session on this item last week; it was pushed
back now to, I believe, next week or the week after. The public will not
have the benefit of Council's input if they want to make separate comments
to the County. Also, last Wednesday the County held a scoping session over
at the Art Center. It conflicted with the Mayor's speech, so that may have
limited people who wanted to comment at that. The purpose of the scoping
is to allow the public and agencies to provide input on the scope and content
of the project's Environmental Impact Report. This is a big project, as you
know. It is 2.2 million new net square feet of academic and support space,
3,100 new on-campus housing units, 40,000 new square feet of childcare
space. If you can grab the project, take a look at it, comment on how the
                                                                        Page 34 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
