                         TRANSCRIPT
Betty Jo: I appreciate Mr. Hitchings and Mr. Wolbach's comments. I request
that the Council reconsider the action stripping the programs from the Comp
Plan elements with neither consideration nor debate. Unlike the previous
speaker, I think it is important the manner how the Council makes its
decisions.    The way this decision was made dismisses the value of
collaborative and consensus-driven government, as demonstrated by the
City's Citizens Advisory Committees and Commissions.             This is our
democracy, and we ought to stand up for it. The Council's wholesale
removal of programs to appendices rejects out of hand without public debate
years of work of City Staff and citizen volunteers to develop a proactive plan
with policies and programs to address the issues of greatest import to our
citizens. The Citizens Advisory Committee recommendation considered
programs and policies together because one informs the other. It was
further not only the hundreds of hours of collaborative effort by Staff and
CAC members that were disregarded by Council actions in January, but also
all the other Palo Alto residents who are represented by them, citizens who
take to heart the importance of participatory democracy. I fear both Council
and community will rue the day when such cavalier disrespect for both
democracy and citizen participation drives away those volunteers who do so
much to make this a community where we wish to live. Why should any
answer calls to donate their time and effort providing volunteer staffing for
all the Commissions you recruit for and the City depends upon? I appreciate
the efforts of citizen volunteers on our City Commission, Committees,
Boards, schools, and services. I value the quality of the work product
produced by the CAC, and I want and expect and hope the City Council will
respect it as well. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Tiffany Griego to be followed by Greg Schmid.

Tiffany Griego: Good evening. My name is Tiffany Griego; I'm Managing
Director of Stanford Research Park. We have now thoroughly reviewed the
preferred scenario as described in tonight's Staff Report. As we discussed
on January 30th, Stanford and the Council have a shared vision of
encouraging a mix of uses in the Stanford Research Park. Where we see
great opportunity in the preferred scenario is the encouragement of housing
in the Stanford Research Park in close proximity to jobs and to transit. We
are further encouraged by the fact that the proposed scenario does not
include certain regulations or policies that I fear would have been
detrimental to the economic vitality of Stanford Research Park. As several of
the Research Park employers and as I said to you on June 6th of 2016, last
year, the Research Park employers and I were concerned about Conditional
Use Permits and other similar mechanisms, regulations, and fees designed to
control the number of employees a business can hire in Palo Alto or to
control the proportion of office versus R&D uses in the Stanford Research
                                                                           Page 30 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
