                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka: What I'm wondering about is two things. Is it
what's there right now or what could be there? What I'm wondering is—let's
say, for instance, it was a vacant lot. That means it has to be compared to a
vacant lot or you compare it against a one-story building, which could
actually be two stories? I'm just trying to understand how does this work.

Mr. Lait: Again, I would refer you to the finding language itself. It doesn't
put forth that scenario. It just refers you to the neighborhood character and
the context of the neighborhood setting.

Council Member Tanaka: How immediate is immediate? Does that mean
next door or does it mean one block down? What does immediate mean?

Mr. Lait: I think that's a discussion that the Council has been having over
the course of this project. There's certainly examples that the Council and
the community members have drawn from, that are immediate to the
subject site and then also drawn from other properties that are nearby.

Council Member Tanaka: This is kind of a technical question. Kipling is a
very narrow street. I can't quite tell by looking at the picture on plan A.82.
From Kipling, if I stood on Kipling, on the sidewalk across the street from the
project, and looked up, could I see the fourth floor?

Mr. Lait: On Option 1 or …

Council Member Tanaka: Three.

Mr. Lait: Three.

Council Member Tanaka: It's such a narrow street you can't—the picture in
this plan looks like you're like—I don't know—pretty far from the project.
I'm not even sure if I could see—how much I could see given such a narrow
street?

Mr. Lait: I don't have the exact information about the perspective angle that
this is taken from. Typically, it's taken from about a six-foot elevation.
Kipling is narrow at 29 feet, I believe is the right-of-way. I think this is
representative of what one might see out there, but I couldn't tell you for
certain what the specific dimension of that would be.

Council Member Tanaka: Does maybe the applicant know or does anyone
know can we see the fourth floor from the other side of Kipling if this was
built?

Mr. Lait: I would direct that through the Mayor to see if that's something
that you wanted to open up.
                                                                         Page 65 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
