                          TRANSCRIPT
motor vehicle capacity on Middlefield Road.         This is a table that we
developed to compare the different alternatives. We're presenting 7A and
7B here tonight. You can see none of the alternatives get us all the way
there, but 7A and 7B are pretty close. I think you'll hear some comments
from some of the stakeholders on the differences between Concepts 7A and
7B later this evening. Our recommended next steps. This is assuming that
a CEQA exemption applies and that we do not have to do a full
environmental impact analysis. Between February and March, we would
finalize the design of the preferred alternative concept. In the spring we
would install the concept using temporary materials. We would not be
constructing concrete medians; we would be using rubber curbing and other
things that could be removed if the pilot is not effective. In fall of 2017 and
spring of 2018, we would evaluate the project. We would collect many,
many data points on speeds, volumes, how many people are diverting off of
Middlefield Road into neighborhood streets. We would collect counts on all
of the surrounding neighborhood streets. We would also collect speed data
on the neighborhood streets. We would use a decibel meter to collect noise
data and see if there's actually a reduction in noise. Of course, we would
continue to monitor collisions and crashes, both reported crashes and the
unreported crashes, which the neighbors have been very helpful in
documenting. Our goal would be to return to City Council in the summer of
2018 with the results of the one-year pilot, and then we would offer a
recommendation for either retention, modification or removal of the one-
year pilot. Additional information on this project is available on the project
webpage. All of the materials are also available there for anybody in the
audience that would like to follow-up on this project. With that, I'll be glad
to take questions.

Female: (Inaudible).

Mr. Mello: If you go to the transportation Page, there's a projects link, and
you'll find the project underneath that list of projects.

Mayor Scharff: We'll come back to Council for questions and comments. Do
we have any speaker cards, because I don't have any?

Vice Mayor Kniss: Do you want to hear from the public first?

Mayor Scharff: Yeah, sure. Since we do have speaker cards …

Vice Mayor Kniss: How many is it, Beth?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: (Inaudible).


                                                                        Page 51 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
