                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka: Packet Page 418. I'm just looking at Figure 2,
total net effect which, I assume, is basically net income to the City, so to
speak, for the different scenarios. If you look at purely from a fiscal lens
with the idea in mind that one way to benefit the residents is to make sure
that services we have can be paid for and, thus, having net revenue, it looks
like 4 is first, followed by 6, then by 3. Is that the right way of interpreting
this or am I missing something?

Ms. Gitelman: I think you're looking at this right. Although, I would step
back from drawing conclusions about these really tiny differences between
the scenarios. We interpret this study as showing that there would not be
negative consequences from the growth that's projected.

Council Member Tanaka: These aren't tiny differences. You're looking at …

Ms. Gitelman: They're projecting a slight increase.

Council Member Tanaka: No. You're looking at differences. For Scenario 1,
it's 5,000 to 7,400. That's a pretty big spread. That's a spread of 40
percent right there. That's not a small difference. That's not a few
percentage difference. That's a massive difference. That's why I'm asking is
this right.

Ms. Gitelman: Maybe Mr. Sigman can speak to that again.

Mr. Sigman: Thank you. I want to echo the Director's comment. While
there's a significant percentage difference between the net findings, in that
figure—I have the one from our full report. I'm not sure if the report you're
looking at is exactly the same. These are relatively small percentages of
your Operating Budget. While the differential is notable, and it's good that
we can see some difference between the scenarios, I would definitely urge
some caution. What we do when we do these studies is create as close to
an experiment around a Comp Plan like this that we can.                We hold
everything constant and look at just essentially your operations today
through the lens of a new land use program that would occur in the City
over the next 15 or so years. It's stylized; it's stylized for analysis; it's
stylized to pull out the differences between scenarios. That's what you're
showing. What we find is that the local government here in Palo Alto has
achieved critical mass. It's stabilized. You can continue to grow without a
lot of additional draw from a cost perspective. We do see benefit from
adding residential uses.      We do see net fiscal benefit from adding
commercial uses. Yes, at the end of the day we do find Scenario 4, the most
significant growth scenario, to have the most significant net fiscal effect.


                                                                            Page 64 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
