                         TRANSCRIPT
get heard before the City Council.       the Council would still have an
opportunity to review it if the project were appealed. Again, what we're
presenting here are what we think the HCD, Housing and Community
Development, the State department that reviews our Housing Element—we
think these are incentives that they thought were important to implement
and support the certification of our Housing Element. We're trying to find
ways to reduce costs and reduce time in processing these types of permits.

Council Member Kou: Thank you. Packet Page 324 for office uses, under
medical offices, professional offices and general business office—today we
heard the dentists over here. I think most of their buildings might be not
over the 0-999 square feet. This is zero for loading.

Mr. Lait: We're actually not making any changes to that section. The
changes are in the section above dealing with retail services and eating and
drinking services, the underlined text, 5,000 to 29,999 square feet.

Council Member Kou: You don't find that they have loading needs?

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. For medical you're saying?

Council Member Kou:     No, I'm sorry.    For retail services and eating and
drinking.

Mr. Lait: We're saying that they do at a certain size. What we're saying on
this amendment is that we're trying to reconcile something that we believe
was an error made decades ago in the Code. We believe that, if you look at
most of these loading zone requirements, most of them do not require
loading for a relatively small amount of land use area. That's true except for
auto uses, which you would expect to need some kind of additional loading.
All the other ones do not have a loading zone requirement for the first 5,000
or 10,000 square feet. What we're proposing here is to simply true up what
turned out to be an error, a staff error, decades ago when the Code
converted from a lined text to a chart format. That's all we're doing,
correcting an error to reflect how the Code used to read. The other reason
why I think that is the case is when you have smaller land uses, our loading
zone requirement—this gets back to another question we had earlier—is 45
feet long by 12 feet wide by 15 feet tall. That's an extraordinary amount of
area; that's just the parking space, not accounting the access to get to that
loading zone space. It takes a lot of the site to provide a loading zone.

Council Member Kou: On your research and development, these are office
spaces, tech workers, etc. How do you address bus pick-up and drop-off?
Oftentimes, I see on Alma those big buses parked there. They take up quite
a big part of one of the lanes. During commute hours, people are swerving
                                                                       Page 71 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
