                         TRANSCRIPT
this, so I'm grateful to you. Which reminds me, I'm very grateful to you for
the enormous amounts of time that you put in, that you volunteer for this.
The second reason I'm here is transportation. I would like to see different
forms of easy transportation such as buses, the same thing as Marguerite,
that would accommodate people such as myself and younger people, who
have trouble with transportation such as bicycles, who don't want to see all
of these cars that are glutting the City at this point. I also want to say, as
an aside, that we have to address this. It was addressed at that March
meeting, the wonderful one that was here at Jordan, I believe, where they
talked about the environment and different ways to approach middle housing
and other kinds of housing and ways to effect a sustainable environment.
Fundamentally, if we don't do that, then what we get is illegal, Code-
breaking behavior. I am surrounded in my neighborhood, whether we want
it or not, by people who are renting out their houses, for example, and
multiple cars. There are ways to restrict that, which is regulated by the City
and which is productive as opposed to just saying no. I say let's say yes to
more housing and to better forms of transportation in our delightful town.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Valerie Stinger.

Valerie Stinger: Good morning. I'm Vice Chair of the Human Relations
Commission, but I'm speaking as an individual tonight—this morning, sorry.
I would like to ask the Council to consider retaining the Healthy Cities as a
Priority and expanding it to specifically include this City's commitment to a
diverse, supportive, inclusive and protective community. That commitment
should be expressed by our local Palo Alto initiative and in concert with
neighboring communities. Regional uniformity is critical in general but
specifically in this area. The Priority would be consistent with the Council
Resolution passed in December 2016, and it would promote ad hoc and
proactive programs by the City departments and by the various
Commissions. Thank you for your thoughts.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. That's concludes the public comment. Before
we go on, I actually wanted to give a little update on where we are on the
airplane noise. The first thing I wanted to say is that we are meeting—we're
in the process of setting a meeting with the FAA for March. There's a
number of us who are going to be in Washington and will be talking to the
FAA about that. Vice Mayor Kniss is in the process of setting up a meeting
with Anna Eshoo, where a few of us will meet with Anna and discuss the
issue about the ad hoc committee and how that works and what's the best
approach. Thirdly, I've been talking to the City Manager. We haven't come
across the appropriate structure yet, but a structure whereby the citizens
and a couple of Council Members can interact on this and follow it closely.
                                                                          Page 8 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
