                         TRANSCRIPT
I know this can be tempting. Having listened to a number of people who
have written us on one side or the other, it really makes more sense for us
to exclude childcare from that particular list. At the same time, I know and
I'm very sympathetic with those who are looking for childcare and perhaps
hoping at some point it's going to be easier to find it. I certainly also want
to mention that any of the companies that provide childcare, I know the
workers are grateful for that. I'm grateful that they do it.

Mayor Scharff: I see no lights on the board. I'm going to take a second and
just let everyone take a (inaudible). If no one else wants to speak, I'm
happy for that, and we can vote. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Is somebody from the CAC here? What was the
argument in favor?

Mayor Scharff: Is there anyone from the CAC who wishes to speak in favor?
The other side. Adrian wants to speak.

Council Member Fine: Summing up what some folks on the CAC were
saying, childcare is a very expensive service to find in Palo Alto. Sometimes,
the most convenient neighborhood-focused childcare may be in your
neighborhood actually or at one of the neighborhood-serving commercial
centers. We shouldn't be restricting this in a blanket way, but maybe it
would be a neighborhood-by-neighborhood or neighborhood commercial
center by commercial center analysis.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth, do you want to speak further or are
you done?

Council Member Filseth: I'm probably done. We should have as little
regulation as possible but not less, if that makes sense.

Mayor Scharff:    Council Member Fine, are you done or do you want to
speak?

Council Member Fine: The argument I just presented to you is the one that
I kind of favor as well. There should be limited childcare facilities in some
neighborhoods or neighborhood commercial centers. I won't be supporting
this Motion. I do think there are opportunities where it works. Although,
there are also opportunities where it's a quality of life issue for other
neighbors. I think there's a balance there.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.



                                                                       Page 60 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
