                          TRANSCRIPT
Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council Members.
There were four words that I didn't hear in that involved and very hard-
worked, sophisticated analysis of what needed to be done in the opinion of
the traffic people on Middlefield. The four words were Guinda, Fulton,
Webster, Cowper. The traffic on Middlefield has to go someplace. People go
that way every single day. It's not just once in a while, a whole lot of
accumulation. It's their route that they take going to or from work. You
have got to allow for that. Remember Maybell? You know how infuriated
the people on Maybell were when you gave Arastradero Road that road diet.
I have no expertise, but I would like to see some signs and some driver
education. If you have lights, cameras on an intersection to catch cars as
they cross on a yellow, which turns out to be a red a few feet away from
where the picture is being taken for a $400 fine, you can have cameras on
Everett, Hawthorne and Palo Alto Avenue with big warning signs, "Do you
want Middlefield to be reduced to three lanes? No? Then slow down. Don't
turn right. Don't turn left." If you're going to turn right, make a full stop. I
see those intersections frequently because I live on Palo Alto Avenue and
Alma. In order to get to East Palo Alto at 4:00 in the afternoon, I have to
curve around and go down Woodland, so I have to go from and to Palo Alto
Avenue. I have a lot of sympathy for the people. I think driver education is
worth a try. Thanks very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we return to Council for questions,
comments and Motions. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much, and thanks very much for doing
this, guys. I've got a few questions, but hopefully they'll go fast. It looks to
me that between Options 7A and 7B, you're basically making three changes.
One is to put the leftovers in. The second one is to take one of the
northbound lanes and turn it into a two-way left turn-lane. In the case of
7A, the third one is to reduce two lanes southbound into one. Is that an
accurate … I understand what the leftovers do. Basically they get rid of the
T-bone collisions. I'm assuming that the second one, where you turn one of
the northbound lanes into a two-way left turn-lane, is it a good assumption
that's actually probably going to have minimal impact because it's already
one lane between Hawthorne Avenue and Willow basically going over the
bridge? If you make two blocks more of it one lane, it's not going to have
that much impact.

Mr. Mello: That's correct. The two-way left turn-lane would likely reduce
rear-end collisions and also make it easier for people to pull in and out of the
side streets and their driveways because they would have a refuge when
turning left to stop in. Through the analysis, Rafael can talk a little more
about this. The constraint on the capacity was actually going southbound on
                                                                         Page 59 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
