                          TRANSCRIPT
have other districts, who obviously need money as well. If the impacts are
here, I think the fund should stay here. I think that's especially true of
transportation. I would much rather, frankly, have any transportation
dollars come to us. We know how to spend them better, frankly, than the
County does in terms of impacts in Palo Alto. I don't necessarily think it's
very helpful to have the money just go to the County to be doled out for
transportation projects. I think it'd be much more helpful for us to, frankly,
have it or at least share that in some way. I do think that there will be
some impacts on Palo Alto on all of this. To the extent that it comes in, I
would encourage the mitigations, frankly, to be the way we worked the
hospital issues out, where they were mitigated and we had funds to deal
with the mitigations. I think that's a lot easier than any other way in solving
these issues.    In looking at the broader issue, I think if there were
transportation issues, I would be interested in funding. Obviously, I think it
behooves both Stanford and Palo Alto to work together to help with the
Stanford Research Park TMA to the extent that could use more funds. That
benefits Stanford. The more we can put money into transportation in the
Stanford Research Park, the more we're solving a particular problem. I think
that helps College Terrace. I think it helps everyone. I would also say that,
frankly, helps the Downtown and helps California Avenue. I think we can
create linkages between California Avenue and the Research Park and solve
trips in both of those. I think everyone benefits. We're going to need a
California Avenue TMA. To the extent that Stanford can be involved in
helping get that off the ground, I think that helps reduce trips. I would
encourage you to think creatively and to think how—in going forward on
this, this shouldn't be viewed as a negative in some way, but how we can
actually reduce trips. I was struck by your water usage. People still talk
about there's a limit to water. At 2.73, you were coming up against that
water limit, and you reduced it in half and added a million square feet. I
don't necessarily think there are limits. I think it's just smart planning that
goes along with it. You guys seem to do a really good job with that, and you
have the resources to do it. I would just encourage you to use those
resources to make it a win-win situation for everyone involved. Thanks.
With that, I think we're done with that item. Thank you very much for
coming. We should get Tom. Is he in the back? Does someone want to go
back?

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Council Member DuBois returned to the meeting at 8:11 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Our next item would be Agenda Changes and Deletions.
Staff requested that Item 11 be continued to March 6. You requested that
the SoBi bike be moved to March …
                                                                        Page 37 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
