                          TRANSCRIPT
settled on—this is in talking about what we could at least study, which is
really what we're talking about tonight as well, what's the preferred scenario
for the EIR, not the Comp Plan itself. We ended up settling on something
that I thought was a disappointing compromise of a maximum study of
6,000 housing units for the duration of this Comp Plan in the EIR. That was
what we decided last year. I was very disappointed by that. A lot of people
in the community were disappointed by that, but I've made my peace with
that and a lot of us did as well. The proposal here does not capture that.
This then throttles back on what was already a very severe compromise,
especially when you compare us to some of our neighboring comparable
cities. A lot of people who spoke tonight talked about Mountain View having
a plan for 10,000 new housing units in the North Bayshore area. That would
be the equivalent of us considering 10,000 housing units in the Stanford
Research Park. That does not include the other housing that Mountain View
is looking at in a variety of other neighborhoods, which are probably about
double that in total or nearly double in total. Mountain View is growing by
what—like 50 percent. I'm not saying we need to copy Mountain View, but
again a 6,000 housing unit growth to be studied in the EIR was the
compromise. I don't think this does service to that. I am surprised to hear
reference to things having bene going pretty well in Palo Alto. I don't think
things have been going pretty well in Palo Alto. Wherever you point the
fingers, I don't think most people in Palo Alto think things have been going
pretty well. We've differed about what the solutions are, but a lot of us
came to this Council because we thought things needed to change. To
decide now that we want to stay the course with something pretty close to
how things are going is not the kind of turning around the Titanic that we've
talking about for a few years. I'd like to offer an Amendment. I don't think
it'll be friendly, but I'd like to offer it. For Part A, change that to between
Scenario 4, which is the 4,420 dwelling units, and Scenario 6, which is 6,000
housing units. I hope that will be friendly, but I'll wait to see the response.

Mayor Scharff: No, it's not friendly.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll make it as an Amendment then and hope I'll
have a second for it.

Council Member Fine: I'll second that.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Fine to replace Part A of the Motion with, “estimated housing growth
would be between Scenario 4 (4,420 dwelling units) and Scenario 6 (6,000
dwelling units).”



                                                                            Page 71 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
