                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. McNair: That's it. Tiffany Griego is going to give some more specificity.

Tiffany Griego: Thank you. Good evening. My name is Tiffany Griego. I'm
Managing Director of Stanford Research Park for Stanford University. We
are truly committed to providing alternative transportation to and from the
Research Park so that our employees get out of their cars. Research Park
companies tell us and have demonstrated through their active support of our
SRP TMA that they need better transportation alternatives so they can hire
and retain top talent. In our presentation to you on the tentative date of
March 6th, you will hear about programs that we've launched and receive
early data about our efforts. Companies tell us that development caps and
trip caps undermine the confidence that they will continue to adapt and
thrive in Palo Alto. Therefore, we are actively partnered with them to
explore transportation measures in the Research Park, and we want to
engage with you as the City as our partner in this effort. We do believe that
a Research Park-wide traffic program requires and deserves careful thought
and analysis, so that we both support the health of the businesses in the
Research Park while building trust and improving the quality of life within our
community. We appreciate your recognition that the Research Park is
warranting a unique solution, and we agree that the Research Park is unlike
any other part of town and presents unique opportunities as well as
challenges. Establishing an effective TDM program does take time and
experimentation. Based upon what we're learning from our early TDM
efforts, we expect individual businesses seeking development permits in the
Research Park to be able to work with a no net new trips concept for new
development, and that is what we see in Program T-1.2.2. We are working
on some minor revisions to that program because we do believe we can
design a policy for the Research Park that would mitigate new peak hour
trips from the new discretionary permits through a combination of offering
TDM and partnering with our TMA to reduce the balance of trips. We do
hope to engage with you as partners in the forthcoming months on this
theme, because we think we can set ambitious goals like I'm describing
today. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Justine Burt to be followed by Bob Moss.

Justine Burt: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and City Council Members. I
rent in Crescent Park.      I want to suggest two small tweaks to the
Comprehensive Plan that could open up more housing options for middle-
income families and finish bringing Palo Alto into the 21st century. That has
to do with the sharing economy and mobility as a service. Think about how
cool it would be if four families could come together and buy a $2 million
house. There's a lot of them that have cracked, sloping foundations. Put in
a four-plex and spend $2 million to build that four-plex, and then each unit
                                                                        Page 20 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
