                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Are we going to vote on the new Motion? That fails on a 5-3
vote with one abstention. That's Council Members DuBois, Kou and Holman
voting yes. Council Member Fine abstaining.

MOTION FAILED: 3-5-1 DuBois, Holman, Kou yes, Fine abstain

Mayor Scharff: We are now back to …

Council Member DuBois: I would move this next one.

Mayor Scharff: Which is eliminate program regarding preparation of a
coordinated area plan for South El Camino?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mayor Scharff: Do you know what Packet Page 4.2.1 is on?

Council Member Filseth: Seventy-five.

Council Member DuBois: Could I speak to this?

Mayor Scharff: Did you get a second? I just need to make sure. I don't see
a second yet.

Council Member Filseth: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to direct Staff to eliminate from the final draft of the Comprehensive
Plan Update Program L-4.2.1 regarding preparation of a Coordinated Area
Plan for South El Camino (pp. L-48 through L-49).

Mayor Scharff: Seconded by Council Member Filseth. Now, you can speak
to it, yes.

Council Member DuBois: I think I made this comment when we reviewed
this before.   I believe this is a very old idea that's already been
implemented. My comment was I think we're beyond this. If you look at
the map on Packet Page 214—since this Comp Plan originally came out,
there's been a creation of a private school, senior housing facility, a new
daycare, restaurants, a new mixed-use building. I just think it's completely
out of date. This is also where Buena Vista is. There's a new spa. I'm not
really sure how we would redevelop it in a way beyond how it's developed.
This is a very specific area that we're talking about. That's my only
comment. I just think it's out of date.



                                                                       Page 94 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
