                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka: I just wanted to ask Staff. This is the applicant's
point of view. Is this true that you could only really probably see the
elevator from the sidewalk on the other side or is …

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Council Member Tanaka. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. In
our view, Option 1 and Option 3 are very similar from Kipling. From right
across the street, we don't think very much would be visible at all. We
would further enhance Option 1 with the condition we've suggested to bring
the height of the elevator down, so it doesn't exceed 50 feet. You are going
to be able to see the elevator and that other piece behind it, depending on
where you are on Kipling, because you'll see it at an angle. It has to a large
extent addressed what some of the other schemes had as a much more
prominent fourth-floor mass on Kipling. The elevator and the stair tower
were much more prominent. We do think that Option 1 and Option 3 are
going in the right direction on the Kipling side.

Mayor Scharff: Are you done? One more. Go ahead.

Council Member Tanaka:       Can you go back to the Code which says
immediate. What I'm interested in knowing from Staff's experience is when
we say immediate environment, for previous projects that's come before
Staff, what did immediate environment mean?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Tanaka. I think we shouldn't
take one of these findings out of the context of all the other findings about
context. It really takes some interpretation and thought when looking at
these Architectural Review findings and the Context Based Design Criteria.
While you could probably parse them and find some of them that are
applicable to just the building right next door, I think as a whole they allow
you to read projects and the site in a larger setting, both the immediately
adjacent buildings and then the general vicinity, how these buildings are
experienced on the street.

Council Member Tanaka: I see. You're saying that we should look at the
larger picture, and there's actually a little bit of leeway. It's not just
immediate, adjacent building.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Council Member Tanaka: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: I think Option 1 meets what we're looking for, for the most
part, with what Staff has put forward on Packet Page 527 under
recommended Conditions of Approval. I think it brings down the elevator
                                                                        Page 67 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
