                          TRANSCRIPT
350 Silicon Valley, a local grassroots climate organization with over—I don't
know how many active members, hundreds, with many of them living in Palo
Alto. I'm here to ask the City to create a measure to move financial services
and holdings to an institution not funding the Dakota access pipeline as
taxpayers, a lot of us, want to make sure our City invests its money
according to the values of the City, which largely are extremely
environmentally positive. The Dakota access pipeline project harms not only
the local communities, native American land—some of it sacred—but it also
harms the climate. It can come right back and affect Palo Alto. Completing
this pipeline—it conveys some of the dirtiest fossil fuels on earth for
production and would be the equivalent of creating 30 new coal-fired power
plants. Climate change has already affected us. It'll contribute to extended
droughts, which we've seen, and to severe flooding, which we've also seen.
We're due for more drought.         Earlier this month, hundreds of people
appeared in front of City Hall. Council Member Wolbach spoke in support of
our demonstration in front of the banks Downtown. I'm asking you to
continue to green Palo Alto and take this additional step. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you. Hang on just a minute. Are you Timothy?
Yes, come on up. What we'd appreciate is that you don't clap or boo or
cheer, because whomever is at the mike may be intimidated by that. We'd
appreciate that. You can wave your hand or something to indicate support
or not support. Thanks. Welcome.

Timothy Mulcahy: Thanks. Hi. I'm name's Tim Mulcahy. I'm a dentist in
Palo Alto. I'm here to speak again about the RPP program in Evergreen
Park. I recognize that this is a really important community program. The
City Council hopefully also recognizes that it, as written, has serious
consequences.      The parking needs of our dental practices were not
considered or even discussed in setting this program up. We are left without
the opportunity to purchase any parking permits. Yet, companies that have
been here a shorter amount of time and have a bigger impact on the parking
are able to purchase these permits. This is not fair. It's not right. Over
1,100 people have signed a petition saying so. I think you guys have gotten
that petition and the information from that. Without permits, our patients
will have to park in the neighborhood. This is inconvenient to them. More
important, it doesn't make much sense. It brings more traffic into the
neighborhood and creates more movement. Even the mini section of Park
Avenue right outside my office is considered part of the residential parking
district, and now we won't be able to use it in this deal. I would like our
Council to consider crafting an amendment to the RPP granting permits to
local dentists and, at the very least, delay enforcement during the first pilot
year until we can get some resolution involving all stakeholders, everybody.
I ask that we be able to use Park Avenue, the little mini street in front of our
                                                                         Page 43 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
