                          TRANSCRIPT
Shopping Center. Obviously, exactly what size units these will be, which
population we're serving, all of that will be part of an ongoing process, when
they would come online. One of the things we do now with the School
District is meet with them on a regular basis to give them much more
specific data on when specific housing units that might have families are
being built, like the ones we're building in Palo Alto today for faculty. We're
regularly talking with them about those units and when they're potentially
going to be occupied. We keep them posted so that their annual enrollment
forecasting is being kept up to date.

Vice Mayor Kniss: And includes that. One of the things we were looking at
is that 5 or 10-year stretch, having a closed high school that we are still in a
lease situation with. Looking at something like that, because that was a
major decision point over the last few years. That would really help us. I
don't want to make this up, but are you saying roughly 300 kids maybe?

Ms. Palter: The application assumes if we built the 550 faculty/staff—it's, I
think, 0.5—so 275.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Somewhere in that range. Thank you. Again, thanks for
being here tonight.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much for being here and for doing
such hard work on this and for holding a good number of public forums.
Really appreciate that. I do have some questions. Just to start somewhere,
you mentioned something about the Stanford driving range. I didn't quite
catch what you said around that.

Ms. Palter: The application includes changing the land use designation and
the zoning for that. Currently, it's designated for medium-density housing.
It's an academic use, and it's anticipated to stay an academic use. It's just
changing to that land use designation and zoning.

Council Member Holman:         It takes me to something else that was
referenced. I know in the last GUP, there were changes made to the golf
course and also to the driving range. I notice in looking at the map—there
weren't slide numbers on these pages. A couple of them caused me to go,
"What about that?" I'm just wanting to understand if there are going to be
changes that will minimize or lessen the access or facility of the driving
range, the golf course, the Stanford barn and exercise ring, the tennis
courts, anything that's currently on the campus having to do with exercise
facilities. Is anything going to be reduced? As the population grows, that

                                                                         Page 26 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
