                          TRANSCRIPT
relocation of employee parking, but we think that they should have the
ability to create their own RPP District and not be roped into this program as
an eligibility area. College Terrace across El Camino Real is already part of
an RPP Program, so we don't anticipate any spillover into that area. There
are some outstanding concerns. We made some modifications to address
some of these, but there are some outstanding ones. I'll start with the
modifications that we made to address some concerns.                    We are
recommending extending enforcement to 6:00 p.m. A lot of the residents
we spoke to wanted a larger enforcement timeframe from 6:00 a.m. to 7:00
p.m. When we start to stretch beyond 8 or 9 hours, it would require another
shift of enforcement officers. We don't think that the financial tradeoff is
necessarily worthwhile. There's also some concerns that there will be a lot
of employee parking occurring on the blocks closest to the Cal. Ave.
Business District, particularly College Avenue. We have made a modification
to the employee parking areas; we added a third zone. We are allocating
fewer permits in the E zone that includes College Avenue as a result of this
concern. Some outstanding concerns that we haven't necessarily reached a
Resolution on. There's a significant number of residents who would like to
see a reduction in employee parking permits over time. There was also
some consternation around our expansion of the boundary to include the
Mayfield area. We really thought that it was necessary to expand this RPP to
include Mayfield in order to anticipate the relocation of employee parking
into the Mayfield area and get ahead of that and make them part of the
program from the beginning. There was a also a little bit of concern about
the inclusion of businesses along El Camino Real within the district. I think
you'll hear a little bit from some of those businesses later this evening. That
relates directly to the next point, which is the supply of off-street parking for
dentist and doctor offices and others that are far from the garages and lots.
We experienced this with the Downtown RPP Program, especially with some
of the dentists and doctors that are along Middlefield Road. Our line of
reasoning has been that these offices and establishments should be able to
use the garages and lots and/or Caltrain or other public transit. That works
well if you're in the Central Business District or within the California Avenue
Business District. A lot of these dentist offices and doctor offices are not
within the business district. They're a significant distance from the garages
and lots. It can be a little bit of a hardship on them if there aren't
accommodations made. Of course, we recognize that there's a need for a
Comprehensive Parking Study of the entire area. You'll probably hear some
comments tonight related to the difficulty to get garage and lot permits; the
fact that we need more supply in the Cal. Ave. Business District; and other
concerns related to the supply of off-street parking. We recognize that.
That was not conducted as part of this program design, but we do hope to
conduct a Comprehensive Parking Study of the entire area once we have the
resources available. Next steps for the program. This evening, if the City
                                                                         Page 78 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
