                         TRANSCRIPT
build and strengthen our community. They're individuals who have shown
exceptional leadership and integrity and made a positive difference locally
and beyond. With that, we just feel a little appreciation for having them in
our community.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. I've asked Vice Mayor Kniss to read
the Proclamation honoring Loretta Green.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I requested reading it. Loretta, could you come up closer
to the mike so that we can have you right in our sights while I read this?
She read the proclamation into the record. What a perfect award for you.
Thanks, Loretta.

Loretta Green: Thank you so much. It's an honor to receive this award.
It's been a special honor to live in this City and serve the City both as a
volunteer and as a journalist. Thank you so very much.

Mayor Scharff: Don't go anywhere, because I need to come give you the
Proclamation. It's an honor to present you with this Proclamation.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're to City Manager Comments. Welcome back, Mr.
Keene. It's so good to see you.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you very much. I apologize. I was just
doing my own personal Forest Gump. I just started running, and I just kept
going for 7 weeks, and I finally stopped. No, I had a health challenge that
should have been perfunctory, had a little complication, had to go through
the repair work on all of that. I'm really glad to be back. I really thank the
Council support and our Staff. Particularly thanks to Ed Shikada for the
great work that he did as Assistant City Manager. I'm going to do the
Manager's comments and then split for the rest of the night, let Ed take
over. Just kidding. You're all familiar, of course, that we're in the second
phase of the RPP Program in Downtown and the first phase for the
Evergreen Park/Mayfield district. As of Sunday night, our vendor reports
that we've sold over 1,200 resident permits for Downtown and are just
starting to sell resident permits for Evergreen/Mayfield with about 50 sold in
the first few days of availability. This week, we'll continue to get the word
out to residents, and we'll start spreading the word to businesses,
employees. Permits in these districts will become available as follows.
                                                                            Page 2 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
