                         TRANSCRIPT
Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: We are set on February 27th.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I would suggest you not make it exactly that precise, if
you can do that. Can we continue it to a date uncertain? I would suggest
that we continue it to a date uncertain.

Ms. Stump: If we continue it to a date that we specify today, then we do
not need to re-notice it.

Vice Mayor Kniss: We simply need to specify a date and you can change it
in the future? It is, but I also know there's another issue. Let me find out
something while you're discovering that. Is there anyone who's going to
speak to us? Apparently not. We have cleared the board on people
speaking to us. Now, our next goal is to continue this to a date uncertain,
only you want me to continue it to the 27th of February, right?

Mr. Shikada: That would be our recommendation given that, at this point,
we know we have a meeting. We believe we can manage the agenda such
that it would be—we would have the capacity to cover this item there.

Vice Mayor Kniss: My question is if that date doesn't work, can we move it?

Mr. Shikada: Yes.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Just so we've said that out loud and so the public has
heard and my colleagues have heard it. In that case then, I am now making
a motion that we move this item, which is Number 15, which deals with the
Residential Parking Permit Program, to February 27th, 2017. Is there a
second?

Council Member Filseth: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Filseth to
continue this Agenda Item to February 27, 2017.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Council Member Filseth, thank you. I don't think I need
to speak to this any further. I just don't think—unless all of you would like
to continue on. It's only 12:25. Should we vote on continuing? The night is
young. In that case, we have a motion and a second to move this. Would
you vote on the board? That passes on an 8-1 with Mayor Scharff having
recused himself on this item.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Vice Mayor Kniss: When this item comes back again, Mayor Scharff will, of
course, be recused. Anyone else who has been recused previously, as I
                                                                     Page 126 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
