                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Borock: She won't. Just for the future, I've noticed in the past that in
this technologically advanced place that we don't have the phone connection
here when attendance is taken. I think we should be able to figure out how
to do that before you go into Closed Session, so the public would know who
is actually here. I don't believe that you should go into Closed Session.
You're scheduled for a couple of hours, and then later on in the Agenda
you're actually dealing with the actual Item. It seems to me anything that
you might want to consider you can consider in Open Session. A majority of
the members present can decide to do that. Some people might just think
that you're sitting back there deciding who's going to say what and what
questions they ask and what the answers are going to be and how people
are going to vote. It seems simpler just to do it all in Open Session. The
administrative record already includes information from me that I submitted
to the Architectural Review Board, but I'm not sure how paper manages to
get its way to you from those bodies. In most cases, it doesn't even though
it's part of the record below and you're expected to include that in your
decision making. I've made copies of that and the letter. I'll give it to the
Clerk for all the members and as well for the clerk and for the attorney.
Also, on your Agenda today, I noticed that it's different from the Agenda
that you had on November 30th. Was it 2015 when it was previously before
you? The Agenda included the fact that you would be taking action on the
Mitigated Negative Declaration. A decision-making body under the California
Environmental Quality Act is supposed to do both the project and the
environmental decision, and it can't delegate any of that. I'm concerned
that that would be a violation of both the environmental law and the Brown
Act by not stating explicitly that you'd be taking action on approving or not
on the Mitigated Negative Declaration. Of course, if you deny something,
you don't have to worry about all the environmental review stuff. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.    Now, we need a Motion to go into Closed
Session.

Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Mayor Scharff: Second?

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to go into Closed Session.

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote on the board. That passes unanimously
with Council Member Wolbach and Vice Mayor Kniss absent.

                                                                        Page 2 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/6/17
