                          TRANSCRIPT
it referred to many times this evening, as well as respond to the Council's
questions. Santa Clara County is preparing an Environmental Impact Report
regarding the GUP and has requested comments on the scope of the EIR by
issuing this Notice of Preparation. The City has an opportunity to provide
written comments by the close of business next week, March 10th. We
thank the County for allowing us this additional time in order to allow the
scheduling of tonight's Study Session. With that, Staff will prepare a
comment letter based upon tonight's discussion, and we'll bring that back to
you next week for Council approval. With that, let me hand it off to Jean or
to Catherine.

Catherine Palter, Stanford University Associate Vice President, Land Use and
Environmental Planning: Thanks, Ed. Thank you. Stanford's application is
for its land in unincorporated Santa Clara County, which is shown in green
on this slide. Palo Alto is our closest neighbor, and we're very interested to
know about your thoughts and concerns about the application we submitted
in November. Thank you very much for this opportunity to come and talk to
you tonight. I wanted to spent a couple of minutes going over the current
regulatory framework that we have in the county because the 2018 General
Use Permit application is really modeled after the success of the 2000
General Use Permit. The first document in our regulatory framework is the
Stanford Community Plan, which is the part of the Santa Clara County
General Plan that provides high-level policy direction for Stanford's lands. It
was adopted by the Board of Supervisors in 2000, and it was meant to be an
overarching policy document for more than just one General Use Permit. It
includes policy direction such as compact urban development on the core
campus, which allows conservation of natural resources in the Foothills. This
is encouraged by the placement of an academic growth boundary essentially
along Junipero Serra Boulevard, which is very similar to Palo Alto's urban
growth boundary. There's also policy direction to address impacts such as a
goal of no net new commute trips and building housing on pace with
academic development.          Probably one of the most important policy
directions is that of flexibility with accountability. This is really providing
direction for Stanford to have flexibility with regard to the type and location
of its academic and housing facilities, while being held accountable to
address the impacts that might come from that development. The planning
policies for the Stanford lands share very similar values to those in Palo
Alto's draft Comprehensive Plan, particularly Palo Alto's principle of
promoting infill development within an urban growth boundary, creating a
sustainable transportation program to reduce greenhouse gases and single
occupancy vehicles, protecting the Foothills and special status species,
reducing contributions to climate change, and engaging in regional
transportation planning. The second document in the regulatory framework
is the General Use Permit. A General Use Permit authorizes a specified
                                                                        Page 12 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
