                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Apologies for the follow up. If we don't give the
CAC some comments about what we want included or not included without
wordsmithing—obviously we don't want to do that—this will be the last time
they look at, I would presume, the Land Use and Transportation programs.
I'm a little bit unclear yet how this is a coordinated effort.

Mayor Scharff: To your question, Council Member Holman, I think the
purpose is for the CAC to go ahead and come up—they give advice to
Council, and then it comes back to Council, and then Council decides. We
shouldn't be giving direction to the CAC on the programmatic tonight. We're
basically looking for them to come up and give advice to us, and then we go
ahead and make the decisions when that comes forward to us on May 1st.
It may take another meeting; I don't know. I assume we can get it done on
May 1st. If it takes more time, we'll just have more meetings.

Council Member Holman: I saw it as different the previous time, so maybe
we've changed direction a little bit.

Mayor Scharff: To your other implied question, which is a good thing, we
really have what I'd call—let's see—four items tonight before us. Item
Number 4 is clarify and provide direction regarding the placement of
programs in the Comprehensive Plan. We'll take that up. I think we'll take
that up right after the public speaks. We'll move on to Items Number 1 and
2, which I believe we can take up together, which is the Fiscal Study and
comment on the EIR. Feel free to speak on that. I'm hoping, frankly, that
we can limit Council Member comments on that to somewhere between 5
and 8 minutes if we're going to get through this tonight. When I add up the
time on these four items, I come up to about 1:00 unless we're somewhat
succinct on this. If we can try and limit it to 5—I'm not going to cut you off
after 5 minutes, but I wanted you to try and think about that a little bit.
We're going to move to Item Number 3, which will be the last item, which is
identify the preferred scenario.      That was the plan for the evening.
Hopefully that works for everyone.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, if I just might repeat. That sounds like a good
structure to me. The Mayor is speaking to the Staff recommendation, the
way it's organized, on Page 1-4 or Packet Page 388-391, for folks to be able
to track. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: That was very helpful. Thank you. Now, we'll go out to the
public. They're all in here; it's up on the board. You'll have 2 minutes.
Neilson Buchanan to be followed by Herb Borock. Do we have Neilson? I
guess we lost Neilson, so Herb Borock. I'll come back to Neilson if he shows
up.

                                                                           Page 26 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
