                          TRANSCRIPT
night and was very polite and responsive even before he recognized that I
was a member of the City Council. Also thank you to the residents who
have reported and even taken matters into their own hands to clean up such
vandalism. Thank you to the City Staff for working on the rest of the
cleanup efforts. Let's stay vigilant.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I want to underscore what Penny Ellson just said. As far
as VTA, there is no question. I was with the VTA Policy Committee today.
Instead of using cutbacks, they're calling it rescaling.          I would really
encourage any of you who can come to the meeting that is on the 19th, here
in this room at 6:00, to come and really express your concern with the so-
called scaling back that VTA may be doing. It's always difficult. I think Joe
is still here. It's very difficult at our end of the County to continuously keep
service in place. The only way you can do that is literally by coming and
complaining and indicating that this is absolutely an unfair way for them to
treat, especially, the 88 bus which is used extensively not just by kids that
are going and coming from Gunn but many others in the community. Just
as Greg said earlier tonight, Greg Schmid, people will hear you, but it's
really important for us to show up and to make sure that we are expressing
that in such way that they not only hear it but they act on it. I think we can
put that out in one of our memos as well, so that people won't forget and
will come that night. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: First, thanks to everybody who came tonight. Thank
you for the congratulations and the welcome. I did want to piggyback on
what Debra was saying, from the Palo Alto Chinese Parents Club, and extend
her invitation to everybody in the public to join us on our Chinese New Year,
which is going to take place on February 12th from 2:00 to 5:00. There's a
lot of exciting things to see and learn about our community and our culture
and traditions. I hope you'll join us. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. With that, we have refreshments in the back.
The meeting's adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 8:18 P.M.




                                                                          Page 31 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
