                         TRANSCRIPT
the substance of the call. I did receive a voice mail from the applicant,
talking about procedural issues regarding whether or not—why she did not
want to put this matter off to a later date. With that, I think I'll now open
the public hearing and first invite the Staff presentation.

Public Hearing opened at 8:20 P.M.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor, and good evening, City Council. My name is Jonathan
Lait. I'm the Assistant Director to the Planning and Community Environment
Department. I'm joined by Director Hillary Gitelman and Mr. Petersen from
M Group. He's our consulting planner, who has assisted us with this project.
The Item that is before you this evening is an appeal of an Architectural
Review Board approval for a proposed four-story, mixed-use project located
at 429 University. The project includes two levels of subterranean parking,
ground-floor retail and office and residential above that. The project was
filed about—it was filed in June 2014 formally. The project received three
formal hearings before the Architectural Review Board before the Director's
decision was rendered in February 2015. An appeal was filed. City Council
had pulled the Item off of Consent and scheduled it for a hearing. It had a
hearing in May. At the hearing in May, the City Council had a number of
questions that were asked, and the Council had remanded the matter to the
Historic Resources Board and to the Architectural Review Board. At that
meeting, the Council had discussed a number of issues related to the
project, project findings, parking, loading zone requirements, the transfer of
development rights, historic resources, and some other issues. The next
couple of meetings before the HRB and the Architectural Review Board
vetted out some of those issues.         It returned to the City Council on
November 30, 2015.         Eleven months since that time, the applicant
proceeded with modifying the project in an effort to respond to those
comments and direction. In September last year, the applicant submitted a
schematic drawing of a design scheme that Staff believed was heading in the
right direction in terms of being responsive to the Council Members'
comments. The Architectural Review Board also was supportive of the
project; although, they did have some critical comments that they had asked
the applicant to follow up on. At the subsequent meeting in October, the
applicant had chosen to go a different path according to comments from
individual Board Members, who felt that the project was actually now taking
a step backwards.        It was on this October 20th meeting that the
Architectural Review Board recommended that the City Council uphold the
appeal and deny the project. Following that action, the applicant submitted
a refined version of that September 1 plan, which Staff is calling Option 1.
Staff believes that that is the option that is most responsive to Council
Member comments. In December, two months later, the applicant had
                                                                        Page 30 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
