                          TRANSCRIPT
bit too. Those are things we all need to consider. We cannot afford to bury
our heads in the sand anymore about those kinds of things. When looking
at jobs, we need to be realistic. Like I say, the number of jobs—I don't think
we need to be encouraging more office workers. When it comes to housing,
what we want and what we can do realistically are not necessarily the same
thing. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I'll be quick. I'm taken by the
fact that we are talking about future growth scenarios for Palo Alto, and the
main thing we're focused on is impacts. I wonder if we can step back for a
moment and flip that on its head. In some ways, growth is also a benefit.
When we were at this conference at the National League of Cities last week,
a few of us were joking that the sessions on economic development were
packed. I mean filled up with people from Mississippi and Maine and
Pennsylvania and parts of Central California and Washington state. Us Palo
Altans and our friends in Menlo Park and Mountain View just laughed them
off. That's a privileged place to be. We shouldn't cook our golden goose. I
completely agree with Council Member Holman that there is concern about
office growth in the City, and we need to do it smartly in a way that supports
our community.        We shouldn't be cutting off future job growth and
development because we rely on it. As a 30-year-old in this community, I
hope there are jobs for me here in the future. I would hate to see us restrict
those opportunities because I do think it's important to our community and
to our residents. Second, on the issue of housing, housing has impacts. So
do current residents. There's also enormous benefits of housing. The
benefits of housing include opportunities to access jobs and schools,
accessibility for people of different abilities or disabilities. New housing in
the right places, smart growth, is the sustainable option going forward.
Finally, it contributes to a vibrant, inclusive, and multigenerational
community, a diversity of students to fill our schools, and ways to support
longtime residents, renters, and seniors who might otherwise be displaced.
In a funny way, the primary benefit of housing is the housing itself and the
families which will live in it. Let's keep that in mind too. I wish our EIR could
measure those things. I know we can't, but maybe next round.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: There have been a couple of concerns raised. Let
me first say that I agree with almost everything that Council Member Fine
just said. There have been a couple of concerns raised. I do want to
provide my take on them.        When it comes to water use, new infill
development tends to have much more efficient water use than most current

                                                                             Page 61 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
