                          TRANSCRIPT
longer have a community bus and no longer have a community bus fare. To
give you a sense for our project schedule, we are in our second round of
outreach now. We have changed our focus from how can we make transit
better and are now asking how can we improve the Draft Plan. We'll be in
this mode through February 20th. We hope to have all of your input by then
for how we can make this better. In March of 2017, we will take our final
plan through VTA's Committees and then in April to VTA's Board of Directors
for their approval. This plan would go into effect in the fall of 2017,
coinciding with the start of BART service. If you'd like to learn more or if
you'd like to see the specifics of all the routes, we have a project website set
up especially for this at nextnetwork.vta.org. There's a lot more detail, a lot
more depth than I've been able to cover tonight. I hope folks go there and
comment through the website. That's it for me. I'd be happy to take any
questions.

Mayor Scharff: I'll take the public comment first. First we have Rosemary
Walczak, to be followed by Bonnie Packer.

Rosemary Walczak: My name is Rosemary Walczak. I live at the corner of
San Antonio and Charleston Road. I use the 32 and the 35 quite often. I
walk probably 3 to 4 blocks to get to the buses, which I can do, but not
everybody can walk that far. I am concerned about the 32 as I do ride that.
I get on at San Antonio and Middlefield and take it to the light rail at
Middlefield. I will admit the bus is not filled, but many of these people, I
feel, are probably going for housekeeping, nannies. There's a group of them
that go to Hope Services, that work there at Whisman and Middlefield.
Maybe the answer is to run a bus like the 32, a couple in the morning and
some later in the afternoon when they would be leaving. Run it clear down
because I know there's people that ride the bus, that go to school along
Middlefield, along there. I have ridden it clear so I can get the 60. There's a
lot of them that go to Santa Clara High School. I don't know if you ran it
like that, if it would be possible. The people that ride the 35, you talk about
walking further to get—many of the people that I see, that ride the bus,
could not walk further. Many of them have their carts because they're doing
the grocery shopping and stuff. As long as you keep the 35 that gets to the
San Antonio Transit Center for them to shop and on down Middlefield, those
that go along Middlefield, along Colorado, if we can keep them so that they
can do their traveling, it would be good. I guess what I'm fighting for is in
particular the 32 and then the 35, that people have access to it. It doesn't
have to be every 15 minutes, but 30-45 minutes. Please think about the 32.
These are people that can't come here or wouldn't be able to come and talk
to you. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bonnie Packer to be followed by Penny Ellson.
                                                                          Page 8 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
