                         TRANSCRIPT
a much more compassionate Plan than we had before. We added them in
Transportation because that's what everybody talks about, reducing single
occupancy vehicles. We added them in the Natural Environment because we
understand the natural environment and the importance of the urban forest
and water and energy to our City. I urge us to simply go ahead, put them
into timeframe buckets, initiate the review process, and get on with using
the Comp Plan as it is. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Ken Joye to be followed by Arthur Keller.

Ken Joye: Good evening. I'm a resident of the Ventura neighborhood. I
want to thank the CAC, Staff, and consultants who have worked on this
Comprehensive Plan. It's a gigantic effort, and I appreciate their work. I
have taken one thing primarily from that, which is the jobs/housing number.
I encourage you to make that number as small as possible. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Arthur Keller to be followed by Andrew Granato.

Arthur Keller: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. Firstly, Dan Garber
and I as co-chairs submitted a letter to Council, which didn't seem to make
it into your Packet. Can I give it to Staff? The next comments are going to
be my personal comments. First, I have a concern about the impacts on
schools and that we're not really taking into account how many additional
schools we'd need, how much crowding we'd have on these schools. As I
long say, we can build two-story school buildings, but we can't build two-
story playing fields. I have concerns about adding more jobs and increasing
the employed residents under the various scenarios.         I actually have
concerns about choosing a scenario before all the comments of the DEIR
have been in, which isn't until about 10 days from now. I didn't hear it, but
I read the comments and the reports of the State of the City address, where
Mayor Scharff promised that single-family residential neighborhoods would
stay the same. That won't be the case with the increases in FAR and lot
coverage and reductions in setbacks that were proposed by certain Council
Members for accessory dwelling units. I also have concerns about overly
optimistic and unproven traffic reduction predictions and our predictions in
terms of vehicle miles traveled. Our predictions—I didn't see in terms of
LOS—in terms of this, were based on a Downtown TMA that has not proven
itself, of TDM programs where we haven't enforced them ever except for the
Stanford Medical Center. Therefore, essentially we need to prove and show
that these work before we can rely on them. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Andrew Granato to be followed by Stephen Levy.

Andrew Granato: Hello. My name's Andrew Granato. I'm an undergraduate
student, who has been writing about housing politics and policy in Palo Alto
                                                                          Page 33 of 91
                                                           Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 03/20/17
