                         TRANSCRIPT
housing in the community. Usually projects do one or the other. As I
mentioned before, we have a high-level policy in our Stanford Community
Plan about no net new commute trips. This means that Stanford does not
increase commute trips in the peak hour in a campus-commute direction
from a baseline level that was established in 2001. This high-level policy
direction was reinforced in the 2000 General Use Permit where it became a
performance standard mitigation measure.         These trips are physically
measured. The County hires an independent consultant that, at their
direction, monitors these trips each year. There are actually two types of
trips that are measured. There are the trips that are removed from the
campus itself, coming to and from campus. There are also trips that are
removed from the local roadway, kind of the impact area around campus
including Palo Alto. They come off the road because of Stanford's efforts like
the Marguerite shuttle. It's those two types of trips that together determine
whether Stanford meets its no net new commute trips goal. Despite adding
more than 1 million square feet, Stanford has met this no net new commute
trips goal every year since 2001. The way that Stanford has been able to do
this is to continue to invest in and evolve its transportation demand
management program, continuing to add new options to the menu over
time. Stanford recognizes that's going to have to continue into the future,
to be innovative and continue to invest in this program in order to meet the
goal. There is one slight change in the application to what happened in
2000. As I mentioned, the first place that trips are counted is at the core
campus itself, sometimes known as the core. That's shown in the pink area.
Those are the first place that trips are removed. In addition, you can see
the green impact area when Stanford's efforts take trips off the road from
that area as well. What's new for this application is Stanford has proposed
that if no net new commute trips is not met through those two methods,
Stanford would pay a fee to Santa Clara County who could then disburse
that money for other community-based transportation demand management
programs, like investments in public transit or improvements to bike and
ped facilities, very similar to the affordable housing fee where they would
control that money and disburse it. Stanford would need to pay that fee any
year it did not meet its no net new commute trips goal, so there would be
continued incentive to continue to meet it. If Stanford didn't, it would pay
into that fund. That was really to guarantee that the congestion impacts
were going to be addressed. As Jean mentioned, there's no change to the
high-level policy direction in the Community Plan. There are a couple of
very small changes that are more cleanup action items with regard to land
use designations and zoning for the campus driving range and nine faculty
homes on campus, just to better reflect their current use. The application
also suggests deletion of some of the text in the housing section of the
Community Plan because it's been effectively superseded by the County's
Housing Element. Lastly, the application includes a request for Stanford to
                                                                       Page 16 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
