                          TRANSCRIPT
stores cannot come to California Avenue. To me, that is a huge mistake.
California Avenue does not have a place for giant chain stores, but places
like Pete's Coffee, a chain store could not come to California Avenue. There
are a number of smaller chain stores that are large in number, yet they only
take up 2,000, 3,000 square feet. In a period of time, independent retailers
are going to be pretty much gone. I was born in Palo Alto just a few years
ago. As I was growing up, so many businesses were owned by local
residents, and those same residents owned the buildings they were in. I
was fortunate enough to own my building, so I didn't ever have to talk about
the nasty landlord that raised the rent so high. I purely went out of
business due to lack of business. With this lack of business and the increase
on the internet, I foresee a lot of empty retail space. Expanding the retail
area is really a big mistake. I agree that retail has to be concentrated in a
certain area to make it vibrant. Of course, parking is rather difficult in this
City regardless of which shopping area you go to. We are all in dire need of
more parking. Shopping centers have the advantage. They attract people
because of parking. California Avenue, University Avenue have gotten very
difficult to park in. We truly need more parking. The parking would
certainly potentially encourage more retailers.

Mayor Scharff: Loren Brown to be followed by Jonathan Saddle [sic].

Loren Brown: Thank you. I'm here to talk about 3241 Park Boulevard this
evening. I sent you an email on Friday. I received one response; thank
you. I'd like to second the comments that were made by Michael Alcheck,
Chop Keenan, Lund Smith. The one-size retail Ordinance is just not going to
work. 3241 is kind of in the backwater of Palo Alto. It's a half mile south of
California Avenue. It's a half mile off of El Camino. There's no retail around
it. We were swept into this by virtue of the occupancy of Park Avenue
Motors. My business is Vance Brown; we're a general contractor. We've
been in Palo Alto since 1932. We've been in the Park Boulevard area since
1950. We were at 2747 for 35 years. We started with 2,000 feet and, over
those 35 years, we expanded to 5,000 feet when we were busting at the
seams. We got an opportunity in 1990 to move to 3197, which is next door
to the property in question. We got ourselves 10,000 feet, and we thought
it would last us a long time. It's now been 27 years, and we're sort of
starting to feel like we're running out of space. When Park Avenue Motors
decided to quit business, the owner approached me and said, "We noticed
we're right next door to you. If you ever want to expand, this would be a
great property for you." It's the same zoning, GM zoning, so I took him up
on it. We bought the property with the idea that we would have future
expansion space. Park Avenue Motors had given their notice they were
going out of business, but they were still operating on that date when the
arbitrary Ordinance was put into place, so we got swept up into it. It's really
                                                                        Page 57 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
