                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka: Thank you for your work on this. It's very
exhaustive and impressive. I think it's going to help us really make better
decisions. A few questions. First question is does your office actually do
something on the order of an NPS score, a net promoter's score.

Ms. Richardson: Pardon me?

Council Member Tanaka: Does your office or does anyone in the City do
something like a Net Promoter's Score (NPS)?

Ms. Richardson: No.

Council Member Tanaka: Is that something that you guys could consider
doing? It's very, very common in the private sector, where you ask
customers one question after the service, which is how likely are you to
recommend this service to someone else. I think it's great that we get this
once a year. We do this very exhaustive survey. The problem is it's a one-
a-year snapshot. It's a relatively small sample size. What we want to do is
make sure we're providing excellent service to our residents, our
constituents. By asking that one question after a service, it allows you to
judge whether the service is good or not good right in the moment. There's
actually a lot of methods to do that. That's one thing that I didn't see in
here. I was thinking that would be a really great thing to have for all
departments. For instance, if a resident goes to the Development Center to
get a permit to replace a water heater, they could answer one question, how
likely are you to recommend this. The City could get a feel as to how do our
constituents interact with the City and how they feel after that interaction.

Mr. Keene: If I might jump in here. This is the Annual Citizens Survey that
is designed to essentially do two things, provide an annual survey that lets
us compare trends within Palo Alto over time and lets us benchmark
ourselves against the performance of other cities. We do other surveys in
the City. There are small-scale surveys, sometimes strategic surveys on
particular issues. Your question, Greg, is a good one as far as us having
some follow-up discussion in the right forum as to are we maximizing how
we survey or how we collect information on how we're doing. There may be
some changes that ultimately we—or enhancements we want to make. I
wouldn't think it would be something—obviously what you're suggesting
wouldn't actually be accommodated very effectively here because this is an
annual survey.

Council Member Tanaka: I wasn't recommending that. It's just something
that I would say that it's extremely common. In fact, there isn't almost any
business out there that doesn't do some sort of NPS score. In general, it's
probably a good thing for us to do as well. My second question has to do
                                                                       Page 23 of 75
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/28/17
