                         TRANSCRIPT
near Cal. Ave., that can accommodate linking land use and transportation?
You've mentioned this in your deliberations. It's so important. I think area
plans are the one big piece that we've overlooked in the Comp Plan
discussion. Area plans are the primary tools to integrate heights, square
footages, building volumes, community design and align all of these things
with sustainable transportation policies, like the transportation demand
management and the Transportation Management Association, transit
benefits, Caltrain, VTA, SamTrans, and also thinking about biking and
walking infrastructure. I encourage you to think about those for Downtown,
including SOFA, and all of California Avenue, not just Fry's, at a minimum.
Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Olya to be followed by John Kelley.

Olya Kransykh: Good evening, Council Members and my fellow Palo Altans.
I have lived in this area for 20 years, went to Stanford both undergrad, grad
and SHP just down the road for high school. I have a degree in sustainable
design and construction from Stanford University. I'm deeply passionate
about sustainability. I work now in the built environment industry for that
specific reason. One of the largest impacts to greenhouse gas emissions is
transportation, as you know, single occupancy vehicles. The amount of
those cars we have on roads are directly related to our land use policies.
I'm here today to speak to you and echo Stephen's comment about flexibility
and planning for the future and planning for those of us who would like to
see Palo Alto thrive. I think we have an opportunity here to do so while
preserving the single-family communities. I would like to see us focus on
the multifamily sites that we have, commercial zones, and providing
flexibility for what they can become. I would like to see more walkable retail
and housing near services. I think we can accomplish that here with many
of the policies that are before you for review, including loosening the height
limits, providing opportunities for, as Elaine mentioned, the special plans to
create more flexibility. Again, that's the message. We need to create more
flexibility for what we can build so that we can see thriving communities
here in the future. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. John Kelley to be followed by Lynnie Melena.

John Kelley: Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Kniss, Council Members, I'm not
going to do the thing about how many times I've been here before, because
that's beginning to sound like a broken record. I want to thank you for
really stepping up to the plate tonight and talking about housing and transit
and the Comp Plan as a single unit. First of all, I just want to associate
myself with the remarks of Grant Dasher, Stephen Levy and Elaine Uang.
They know the details of this far better than I do. What I'd like to

                                                                       Page 15 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
