                         TRANSCRIPT
that the old Comp Plan has about 266 programs. During the course of its
existence, about 15 percent of it has been implemented. Our current Comp
Plan that I am member of, that we are working on, has more than 400
programs. It is really just a good idea to have it consolidated in one place
and prioritized. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Annette Ross to be followed by Shani Kleinhaus.

Annette Ross: Good evening. Council Members Filseth and Kou covered my
concerns about what Stanford is doing. I hope that you will factor that into
your decisions tonight. I think Greg Schmid's comments were right on point.
I urge practicality. I think there's no question that Scenario 6 is what we
need, but we messed things up over the last several years and took away
some of our opportunities to do it land-wise. We have to be practical; we
have to fix some of our problems before we proceed and make decisions that
will make our problems worse. You'll end up back in this same place in 10
years trying to fix bigger issues. That's really all I have to say tonight.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus to be followed by Diane Morin.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and City Council. First step
in the redemption seems to be taking place. Thank you. The next one that
I want to ask you for is to not ask the CAC to do a prioritization exercise
tomorrow. We've done that in the subcommittee. We found that to be
extremely stressful, Sophie's choice. Do you want this one or do you want
that one? A few people, let's put all our eggs in one basket. There's what is
the process for that. I don't think we need to do that. You can keep all the
programs. We should work on consistency. We should make sure that
everything fits together. We don't need to start prioritizing because, when
you do that, the small voices are lost. The people who came to speak on
very specific issues and actually made it into a program may end up not
being represented there. I ask you for the next step in that Motion that is
coming up, don't ask the CAC to do prioritization. Focus on consistency.
Focus on the Plan working together. Focus on prioritization in some future
special meeting for prioritization of programs every year, if you like, like
other cities are doing, but not in this format. It's wrong, and It's really,
really stressful. If that happens tomorrow, I’m not going to go there, I can
tell you now. It's just too much stress. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Diane Morin to be followed by Former Mayor Pat
Burt.

Diane Morin: Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Kniss, and Honorable Council
Members, I ask the Council to support a goal of 6,000 new homes in the
                                                                          Page 37 of 91
                                                           Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 03/20/17
