                          TRANSCRIPT
feel wonderful energy in here tonight. It is just terrific. It's very different,
by the way, than when the energy is divided over some major issue. I think
you've all come tonight to support a new Council, a new Council that has
every intention and will work hard at working consensually, at working
together, at respecting each other. As one of my friends has said in the
past, the ability to disagree in public and go in the back room and be
agreeable with each other, as you step back. It's very important to be able
to do that. It's very important to be able to speak of each other kindly in
public as well. I think the public really appreciates that. Let me just
mention two things that Mayor Scharff just brought up. One of them is
regionality. I would urge anyone who's new on the Council and those who
are continuing on to get involved regionally. I've said it many times; we're
not an island. Larry Moody is here from East Palo Alto. I know Kirsten Keith
is here from Menlo Park. We really do the best when we cross our borders
and work together. Act locally, as they say, but do think regionally. It will
make a big difference. I am delighted to be taking on what's called the Bay
Area Air Quality Management District this year. I think that will be very
beneficial and very advantageous for us here as a community. Secondly, I
also want to say what Greg did about Staff. Sitting here in the front is our
Staff, counsel, City Manager, Assistant City Manager, head of Utilities.
These are the guys that make us—they run the bus every day. We're not
here to do that. I'd love it if you'd give them a big round of applause. The
wheels on that bus do need to go round and round. We're very appreciative.
Thank you, colleagues, for supporting me. Welcome to the new Council.
We're still a little short of women up here, I've noticed, but we're getting
there. Wonderful of you all to come tonight. We know that you probably
had other things to do on your Tuesday night. We're grateful that you're
here. Thank you all.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Numbers 3-5 concurrently.

5.    Resolution 9654 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto of Expressing Appreciation to Marc Berman for his Outstanding
      Public Service as Council Member.”

Mayor Scharff: Now, the next order of business is the Resolutions honoring
the outgoing Council Members. I'm going to call Items 3, 4 and 5 at the
same time, but we'll do it individually.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Do you want a general Motion?

Mayor Scharff: Not yet. We'll probably take—let me just take a quick look
at where we are on this. The first thing we'll do is—I was looking for the …
Here we go. The first thing is would Council Members like to speak to the

                                                                          Page 10 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
