                         TRANSCRIPT
made from campus residents outside is we're not seeing an impact, but
that's certainly a fair question for the EIR to look at.

Council Member Holman:         Would really like that to be one of the
considerations please. I think members of the public had broached this
subject too. What's the ultimate build-out? Here we are just 18 years later,
and we're looking at another 2 million square feet of expansion. What's
Stanford looking at in terms of ultimate build-out? What can the community
expect? It can't go forever. Of course, you've gone to Redwood City for
some of the expansion of the broader Stanford campus. What's an ultimate
build-out?

Ms. McCown: Not to be flip about it, but how would the City of Palo Alto
answer that question? Most long-term planning takes a look at a long-term
increment forecasting as best you can for a reasonable period what you
think is going to occur and what may be needed, and then you look at it
again. Whether other constraints, water, carrying capacity will change what
somebody 30, 50 years from now may project is possible. I would expect
that would be the case. I don't think we have that concept, that today we
say we know there's some point at which we know it's exactly this. It's
really doing the responsible long-term thinking for reasonable, long-term
forecasting for what the University expects it needs.

Council Member Holman: I didn't mean it to be a flip question; I truly didn't.

Ms. McCown: I didn't mean it to be a flip answer. Sorry.

Council Member Holman: I understand that. We're good. I guess what I
was looking for was for something else to be looked at either by Stanford or
in the EIR is there will be limits in terms of water supply, land available
without broaching the urban growth boundary. There are some limitations
that exist. What is that limit and when do you anticipate that might be
reached? I'm not saying the year 2051; just give us some idea, give us
some kind of parameter of what we can expect there. One of the things
that's been broached, speaking of water, a different aspect of it—something
that's been broached several times and still is a concern, especially as we're
looking at different solutions for bridge construction having to do with
flooding, is an upstream catch basin to help alleviate flooding concerns and
at San Francisquito Creek. It's not necessarily an EIR question, but it's a
question having to do with what community benefits Stanford would
consider providing to the long-term health and wellbeing of the neighboring
community as we are neighbors to each other. The no net new trips, there
have been some good comments made about that. There was reference—I
can't remember where I read this. I think it may have been in what was

                                                                       Page 28 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
