                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

3.   Proclamation of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Honoring Roy Clay.

This Agenda Item continued to a date uncertain.

4.   Proclamation of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Honoring Caretha
     and Ken Coleman.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no other questions, Rob, Director de Geus.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: Good evening, Mayor Scharff
and Council Members. Rob de Geus, Director of Community Services. You
may have noticed we've had a number of Proclamations coming before
Council this month. By way of background, at the January 16th Dr. Martin
Luther King Jr. event that we held at the Mitchell Park Community Center,
we had Mayor Scharff speak at the event. We also had East Palo Alto Mayor
Larry Moody speak at the event. Thank you for doing that. It's been a great
collaboration with Youth Community Services for the last 6 or 7 years, I
think. At that event, Mayor Moody and Mayor Scharff also spoke not only
about the remarkable impact Dr. King has had on our society but also about
the importance of February being Black History Month. They talked about
what we might do in February. From that conversation, City Staff and our
committed partner, Youth Community Service—Leif Erickson, the Executive
Director, is in the audience—worked to prepare a number of Proclamations
to recognize several individuals, really local heroes, that have made a
significant contribution to build and strengthen community, who continue to
advocate for social equity and justice, individuals that are compassionate
leaders and make a positive difference locally, regionally, and nationally.
There are a number of them here in Palo Alto. It's quite remarkable. In
addition to the Proclamations that are coming before Council—a couple of
have already come and a few more will still come—the City of Palo Alto and
YCS hosted a reception last week, February 23rd, in the Chambers to honor
the individuals receiving Proclamations. The individuals are Pastor Paul
Bains and Clarence Jones, who have already come before the Council, Ken
and Caretha Coleman, Roy Clay and Loretta Green. I want to thank the
Council Members that were able to attend the event and Vice Mayor Kniss
and Council Member Holman for presenting gifts from the City and YCS at
that event. In City Hall lobby, you may notice that we have several displays
up. On the digital display, you can see and read about the remarkable
accomplishments of the honorees. This evening, we had planned two more
Proclamations. Unfortunately, Roy Clay is unable to be here this evening, so
we've decided to reschedule the reading and approval of his Proclamation to
a time in the near future that he and his family can attend. We do have one

                                                                      Page 10 of 102
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/27/17
