                          TRANSCRIPT
of uses that would be really great at those locations.    There was retail on
both sites for a long, long time.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth:    A question for Staff.     In SOFA II, is office an
allowed use?

Mr. Lait: Office is a permitted use. Medical, professional, and general
business offices are permitted in the RT-35 and RT-50, but not in the Homer
or Emerson corridor.

Mayor Scharff: On those sites, medical/dental office up to 5,000 would be
allowed.

Mr. Lait: What we're saying is the Motion on the table is to allow retail to
convert to school. The last part of that motion was to prevent schools,
because it's no longer retail or retail-like, from converting to office. That
was the last sentence that I heard.

Mayor Scharff: That's correct.

Mr. Lait: The school could stay a school or revert back to a retail or retail-
like use.

Mayor Scharff: If Staff could fix the Motion.      Do you need a copy of it?
Council Member Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: While we're waiting for whatever we're waiting for, let's
do a what if. There has been sadly a rumor that Summer Wind, which is the
only nursery that we have in town, may close. Let's say that a group that
wanted to do affordable housing proposed that they do affordable housing
there. It's retail. What happens?

Mr. Lait: The nursery would be a protected land use. The property owner
would need to seek a waiver. If a waiver was not attainable, process a text
amendment based on the proposed Ordinance that's before you. I will note
that your interim Ordinance does include, in addition to the waiver, an
exception for multifamily housing projects. If you thought an affordable
housing project was forthcoming and something that you wanted to
encourage, you could allow, in addition to the waivers and exceptions, the …

Vice Mayor Kniss: It would need to come back to us as a Council?

Mr. Lait: What would need to come back to you?

                                                                      Page 123 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
