                         TRANSCRIPT
for taxes paid and slightly higher ratings to the built environment, but they
gave much lower ratings to mobility questions. This year, we asked nine
custom questions. Some of them were repeat questions from 2015, just to
see if there were some other trends—if the trends had changed much. We
asked them questions about transportation. This was a repeat question
from 2015, asking about residents' preference for transportation if they
didn't have access to a car. The first one was depending on how convenient
it was, biking would be their first preference, a rideshare service such as
Uber or Lyft would be their second, and walking would be their third. If
convenience was not an issue, then walking became their first preference,
the free shuttle became their second preference, and biking was even with
that. We also asked questions about the energy source for the vehicle they
use as their primary transportation. Still, gas is the highest; 77 percent use
a gas-fueled vehicle. Fourteen percent had a hybrid, 5 percent electric, and
1 percent diesel or a plug-in. Then, we said, "If you were going to buy a
new vehicle, what is the likelihood that you would buy something other than
a gas vehicle?" We weren't able to draw clear conclusions because the
questions overlapped. We probably should have worded the question a little
bit differently and said which one would be your first preference, second
preference. The National Research Center discourages us from having a
ranked choice type of question. They suggested that we word it the way we
did. What we ended up with was some overlap. Of the 392 respondents
who said they were most likely to buy a gas car, they also answered that
they would be very likely to buy another type of vehicle, hybrid, plug-in or
electric. We really couldn't draw clear conclusions about what they would
most likely buy if they bought a new car within the next 2 years. We had
some similar issues with the question that we asked about to gain interest
in—to see what people's interest would be in converting to electricity from
some other fuel source. We asked a preliminary question about what the
primary fuel source is for their hot water heater, home heating system,
cooktop or stove, or clothes dryer. We asked them, "Is it currently electric
or is it natural gas or some other fuel?" When we then asked them about
converting, some of the people who said that it was electric in the first
question expressed an interest in converting to electric, even though they
already had electric. We couldn't draw a clear conclusion on that. The one
thing we were able to draw a conclusion about is, as the energy bill would
increase, their level of interest in converting would decrease. If we want
people to convert to electricity, we need to find a way to make sure that it
doesn't have as much of an impact on their utility bill. The more likely that
that would increase, the less likely they would be to convert. We also asked
two questions regarding Community Services Department, which were the
same questions we asked last year. These questions are to help the
Community Services Department and the School District use the results as
they finalize the Cubberley Master Plan. The first question was what were
                                                                        Page 18 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
