                          TRANSCRIPT
changes on stuff, I was actually going to allow an up or down vote on
people's suggested wording changes later. We can do that now, because
you made the Motion. We have it on the board? Do you have it? Do you
want to tell them again? Why don't you get them exact language? Shall we
vote on the board?

Council Member Fine: Just a quick question. This is to stop the City from
discouraging the conversion of rental to owners. Is that correct, what
you've just done?

Council Member DuBois:        Yeah.    It's to be neutral on rental versus
ownership.

Council Member Fine: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: That passes on a 6-3 vote with Council Members Kou,
Wolbach and Tanaka voting no—abstaining. Sorry, abstaining.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0-3 Kou, Tanaka, Wolbach abstain

Mayor Scharff: Now we're on Number 7, which is include Program L-
1.16.15—we will fix the numbering—this is the TDR program with
residential. If you want—you'll move it? People probably need a few
seconds to find it.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Do you need a second?

Mayor Scharff: We do need a second.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'll second it.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to direct Staff to include in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan Update,
Program L-1.16.5 (we will fix the numbering problem here) or L-7.12.1
(some repetition can be eliminated) to revise or consider revising the
Transferable Development Rights (TDR) Program Downtown to create bonus
residential rather than commercial square footage.

Mayor Scharff: Seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss.

Council Member Wolbach: Can I speak to it?

Mayor Scharff: Yeah.

Council Member Wolbach: I just think it's important that we consider the
option of the TDR program to encourage residential development as opposed
                                                                        Page 87 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
