                         TRANSCRIPT
of ways and still end up with a Final EIR that we hope would be descriptive
of where the Council's going to end up on the policy matters.

Council Member Tanaka: I do wonder if we would get more buy-in here on
the Council if were to have a more expanded range versus the proposed
range of the Amendment. I first want to look at the maker and the seconder
of the Motion—no. The Amendment now is with Cory, yeah. It's with you,
Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: Are you looking to make an Amendment to the
Amendment?

Council Member Tanaka: Yeah, basically trying to expand the range.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd be okay with that. That would change it
from—the low end would be Scenario 5, 3,545. It'd be somewhere between
Scenario 5 and Scenario 6. I'd be comfortable with that. Adrian?

Council Member Tanaka: Maybe you get more buy-in that way.

Council Member Fine: I think that's a good strategy.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Amendment, “Scenario 4 (4,420
dwelling units)” with “Scenario 5 (3,545 dwelling units).”

Council Member Wolbach: I also wanted to mention Mountain View is
actually looking at somewhere between 18,000 and 22,000 housing units in
a comparable time range.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I guess I will weigh in on the Amendment. First of
all, I just want to say quickly the Comp Plan is really important. I hope
tonight we can get away from 5-4 votes and find a way to get 7 or 9 even.
What Former Mayor Pat Burt said was pretty good, that the Comp Plan has
deliberate tensions.    Both of these Motions and the Amendment are
compromises. Am I thrilled with them? No. I'd like to see a lot less job
growth, but I’m willing to consider it to maintain balance. I appreciate the
Motions. I would consider this Amendment if we included the job restrictions
that were in Scenario 6. When we talk about Scenario 6, we only seem to
be talking about the housing side.         The original was an interesting
compromise on both jobs and housing. This Amendment is housing-centric.
I don't think an expanded range helps. That's why we have six scenarios,
which is pretty unusual. We've been working with a pretty wide range, and

                                                                         Page 75 of 91
                                                          Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 03/20/17
