                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Employee hangtags are available for businesses to purchase at
the full price Downtown.

Council Member DuBois:       I would much rather have seen that where
businesses in Cal. Ave. could share them among employees but not be able
to buy unlimited daily permits. Again, we've already expressed pricing
concerns. We seem to have demand; I'd like to see us evaluate the pricing.
I have three Amendments to make. "C" is come back for a Council
discussion six months after the program launches.

Council Member Holman: Second.

Council Member DuBois: Is there a second for that?

Council Member Holman: Second.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to schedule a Council
discussion six months after the RPP launches for a review.”

Council Member DuBois: How do you want to do these, Greg? Should I get
them all out on the table?

Mayor Scharff: Why don't we do them one-by-one?

Council Member DuBois: Are we going to vote on them now?

Mayor Scharff: Yeah.

Council Member DuBois: We heard a lot of concerns from the business
community, from neighbors that we should have a check-in in six months
rather than a year.

Mr. Keene: Can I ask a question or just a comment on this?

Council Member DuBois: (Crosstalk) after it launches.

Mr. Keene: Part of the Staff thinking on this—I think you've heard testimony
about how involved and engaged the Staff and neighbors were on putting
together this RPP proposal. These same people have got to turn their
attention to Southgate in addition to supporting work we're doing on the
Parking Study, work on the parking garage, all of those sorts of things. The
motive for this timeframe was to not distract from our ability to make the
next advance in the neighboring RPP, given the level of work that a small
number of Staff people have to do. Not that it was just an arbitrary number.
I would ask that you keep that in mind. There could be potential impacts.
                                                                    Page 102 of 122
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 1/23/17
