                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. McCown: I think it has to be Republicans, if you know any of them.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Actually there are a number on our list. We think this is
so critical that we're really kind of stunned that this has happened like that,
when it was so clearly on our agenda for such a long time. One lighthearted
question. Are you going to let Lake Lagunita fill this year or not?

Ms. Palter: It is full, if you haven't been over there to see it.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I guess I haven't.

Ms. Palter: No, it is full. It fills with runoff from the Foothills, and we
haven't had a lot of that in the last years. I don't know if you're aware, but
it is filled in accordance to support the California tiger salamander
reproduction. In those years when they have bred and laid their eggs in the
lake and it's about to dry up and those eggs are going to be sacrificed, we
do fill it in order to support that reproduction. It hasn't been filled in many
years in the traditional recreational sense.

Vice Mayor Kniss: This year, it filled naturally?

Ms. Palter: It filled naturally, yeah.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'll have to go take a look. One more issue that comes up
on a constant basis. It came up at our—Eric and I were at a City/School
Liaison meeting on Thursday morning. The discussion is how will this affect
the number of kids in our schools and will it be to the extent that the School
Board needs to look differently at any number of schools they may have or
how they may go forth in the future planning for the schools and for
whatever number of kids it is. Maybe you can help us with a breakdown of
what you anticipate from families versus those who are single students living
in a different kind of situation.

Ms. Palter: I mentioned we were requesting 3,150 housing units. While we
don't have exact numbers, we think there would be no more than 550
faculty/staff units. We don't expect any of the student units, even the
graduate student units, to involve families. We have sufficient housing on
campus for our student families. Any of the school-aged children would be
associated with those 550 units that could be built. In the application, we
used the District's rate of half a student per—it's likely very high density
housing, so it could be up to 275 students in that time period.

Ms. McCown: One of the things we wanted—it may not be as clear as we
could have made it. The 550 are not single-family homes. It'll be a dense,
apartment-style set of buildings over on the sites on Quarry Road near the
                                                                          Page 25 of 102
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/27/17
