                         TRANSCRIPT
in preparing the schools analysis. That's mentioned in the footnotes to a
couple of the tables about the student generation rates and the numbers
that we used. One of the important changes that was made between the
Draft EIR and the supplement was using updated student generation rates
that the District had released in the interim. We did get those numbers
straight from the District and applied those to the new development that's
anticipated under each one of the scenarios. The District does have both
what they call moderate and conservative numbers. We used the higher of
those generation rates. There are, as Mr. Collins acknowledged, different—
they do see different generation rates from different types of projects and
different locations. We defaulted to using the higher assumptions. We did
assume that all of the housing development would be multifamily
development. That's really based on the nature of the scenarios and the
thought that primarily this housing is going to happen in any of the scenarios
as new infill development primarily in locations served by transit. There
could be replacement certainly in Palo Alto of existing single-family units
with new single-family units, but I think the majority of net new growth is
likely to happen as multifamily units. That is what we assumed. That's a
correct statement in his comments. In terms of the final impact conclusions,
there's a perceived concern, which I can certainly understand, that we
conclude that the impacts are what the EIR calls less than significant. That's
really a CEQA term of art. In this case, as the EIR explained, what we can
say in the EIR for CEQA purposes is really constrained by State statutes that
require the payment of development fees by new development be
considered full mitigation of impacts to schools. Although this may not
comport with a common-sense understanding of student generation rates
and those numbers are alarming when you see how many new students
would be generated, even if we were to recalculate those numbers based on
a different set of generation rates or different assumptions about the mix of
single-family versus multifamily housing, due to the way State law is written
we wouldn't change our finding and the impact, that the impact would be
less than significant on schools due to State statute. That's a little bit of
background. I can go into more detail if you have more specific questions.

Ms. Gitelman: Maybe I'll just add one or two things. First, as the City
Manager indicated, we're looking forward to meeting with School District
staff and working through some of these questions in the next 10 days to 2
weeks. Also we will provide a full written response and analysis of this issue
and the issue that was raised by Council Members about the interplay with
the GUP housing in that application in the Final EIR. That will be one of the
big responses we provide in that document.

Mr. Keene: If I could just add one other thing, it's something that's been
talked about in the past. There's certainly going to be the possibility for
                                                                           Page 54 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
