                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: The last Council innovated, I think, relative to the
Bay Area—it should be that innovative—in recognizing the impact of
commercial development on a lot of other things, notably transportation and
housing costs but also protection of retail and how we grow that way,
protection of personal services and so forth. That's part of what Council
Member DuBois is trying to get into this under the built environment, the
relationship of commercial development and job growth to all these things.
Where do those go if we don't adopt the substitute motion?

Mayor Scharff: My is that we're discussing those particular issues in the
Comp Plan and also in Ordinances. The Priorities are where we're moving
forward in 2017. I don't think there are new things under commercial
development that we need to move forward in 2017.            I think we've
discussed those. I think we're finishing those up. Just like we don't have
the Comp Plan on there, I don't think we need those things. That doesn't
mean that we are not going to continue forward with the retail ordinance
that's coming to us—I believe the Planning and Transportation Commission
has already looked at it. I think that comes to us anyway. The whole Comp
Plan discussion gets to all the issues that Council Member DuBois—we're
talking about that on Monday.         We're obviously going to have that
discussion. I don't see those as 2017 issues frankly, that goes in that.
People may disagree, but I actually don't.

Vice Mayor Kniss: (inaudible)

Council Member Filseth: I have another comment. I thought the Mayor's
discussion of living up to City agreements was more cogent in terms of
where it went than having it a separate category by itself. I think that
weakens the motion.

Mayor Scharff: Adrian.

Council Member Fine: I prefer the original Motion action for a few reason.
One, I'm persuaded by the Mayor's argument that our Comp Plan is dealing
with a lot of the commercial impacts. Tom, I completely acknowledge that
they are integrated with the housing land use choices, the transportation
land use choices. We might as well throw in water and environmental
resources as well, at which point I'm not sure we're giving Staff proper
direction of the silos that we do want to focus on. Sometimes, here in Palo
Alto we try to fix the whole show at once. It may help us to pull some of
these apart into things like transportation and housing specifically to focus
on those issues. I'm more in support of the original motion, but we'll see
how it goes.

Mayor Scharff: Greg.
                                                                       Page 68 of 75
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/28/17
