                         TRANSCRIPT
three or four hours. If no one obviously wants to speak, that's fine. If so,
just come up and put your card in.

Minutes Approval

3.   Approval of Action Minutes for the January 23, 2017 Council Meeting.

Mayor Scharff: In the meantime, Minutes Approval.       I need a Motion to
approve the Minutes.

Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Mayor Scharff: I need a second. Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to approve the Action Minutes for the January 23, 2017 Council
Meeting.

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote on the Minutes. That passes unanimously
with Vice Mayor Kniss absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Consent Calendar

Mayor Scharff: The Consent Calendar. We now have the Consent Calendar.
We have a number of speakers on that. The first speaker is Josh Davis, to
be followed by David Kleiman.

Josh Davis, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 7: Good evening,
Council. I'm here on behalf of the owners of 647 Emerson, FX Design
Group, and the Phoenix Planning and Construction Services. They asked me
to read a letter, which I believe you all have in your board Packets. FX
Design Group and the Phoenix Planning and Construction Services have been
retained by the same partnership LLC to provide input on the proposed
project on 203 Forest Avenue.        The same partnership owns 647-651
Emerson Street in Palo Alto. In my November 16, 2016 letter, I outlined
some concerns about the proposed project. The usage of materials seems
incompatible with context of neighborhood, and proposing a solid wall with
no fenestrations or overhangs does not create a pedestrian-friendly
experience. The scale and overall massing appears to be in conflict with
Palo Alto's overlay zones. The City Planning Department has provided ample
explanations and citations in their Staff Report regarding this project's
noncompliance. It appears with each re-submittal the project has failed to
compromise or even to respond to the concerns addressed. Until these
Items are addressed and resolved, we cannot fully understand the project
                                                                      Page 20 of 78
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/6/17
