                          TRANSCRIPT
It's a waste of City resources and will not help retail. Please do broaden the
definition of retail. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Robert Wheatley to be followed by Christian Hansen.

Robert Wheatley: Hi. My name is Robert Wheatley. I've had an office in
Palo Alto since '86. I grew up here. I've shopped on University Avenue
since the early '60s, bought toys there, got my hair cut there, went to
Rapp's Shoes to buy my shoes where I was fit by Lou Rapp several times for
my shoes. I enjoy the pedestrian district now with my wife. We come down
and walk Hamilton, University, those areas. What I don't do is walk 5 blocks
south and enjoy any retail 5 blocks south of here. All the speakers that have
spoken tonight and said this should not be passed are correct. The 2009
very precise plan that showed retail core areas was the correct area to focus
on. It should go back to that. People say you could get a waiver—a wavier
process. Going through the City to get a waiver for something is just a
death sentence to any kind of deal that would ever be done with a tenant.
No one wants to wade through that. No one wants to wait. No one wants
the uncertainty. That is not any kind of solution. Left out of the summary of
Council direction was that the Council has considered this several times,
back in August and again in the fall. The conclusion was that more uses
should be allowed in the Addison and Alma area. I happen to be one of the
owners of the old Anthropologie site, where they've moved out as has been
noted. There was action given to study a solution and get that education
use somehow in. Then, there was something brought to say let's do it, but
it only didn't pass because it required a supermajority to override the interim
Ordinance. There's been broad support. It's been voted positively on twice
by the Council. It was voted 5-1 by the Planning Commission in support of
those ideas. There's broad support, but it isn't adequately mentioned in this
report. I would encourage the educational use. Other flexibility in uses in
the non-core areas would be very beneficial both to businesses trying to
locate here and to owners who are trying to have a viable economic plan. I
appreciate all your consideration.        Please do not allow this interim
Ordinance, which was put in place as a temporary solution, to become
permanent and do permanent harm to the City of Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Christian Hansen to be followed by Terry Shuchat.

Christian Hansen: Good evening, Council Members and Mayor. I just
wanted to share with you my experience of me and my partner. We
purchased the Anthropologie building a couple of years ago. We did that
knowing that there was a good chance that Anthropologie might move out.
When we purchased the building, we looked at the zoning closely, and we
saw that the SOFA II allowed for flexibility. It didn't allow 100 percent office

                                                                         Page 55 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
