                          TRANSCRIPT
energy out of them, that will do. Producing renewable energy, we have so
many things available to do that with. Manage the organics, all that can be
converted to carbon or char. Meet current and future regulations, TAG
systems have already been demonstrated under California Air Quality—
AQMD. Minimizing odors and other environmental impacts, if you control the
gas, you will control those. Our conclusive findings are just what I've said.
The TAG units work best. Anaerobic digesters, nothing wrong with them,
but they present challenges in dealing with that sludge. There's a limited
future for that. Also, if you have the TAG system, you can use other
municipal solid waste to generate electricity. I want to thank you and all the
other partners, especially Mr. Bobel, our Uncle Phil.          I know we're
responsible for way too much of his gray hair, but we've got to give him his
proper acknowledgement for really staying in there with us and working with
us in coming to a good conclusion. Thank you all.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much for that presentation. Now, we have a
member of the public. Herb Borock would like to speak to this item.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Scharff. I appreciate the presentation
about pyrolysis. When Phil Bobel was at, I guess, the Utilities Advisory
Commission, at one point pyrolysis was listed as an alternative. However,
when Staff Reports came to the Council most recently, I didn't see it there
anymore. I would encourage pyrolysis being presented to you as an
alternative because I agree it's the best alternative. The facility in Redwood
City is a pilot project. I know it was originally set up to process only half of
the wastewater because it was a pilot facility and to see how it operated. It
is true that municipal solid waste would be another feedstock, but the
environmental effects are different. Wastewater comes in underground
pipes to the facility. It doesn't arrive at the facility in trucks constantly
during the day. Whereas, garbage, municipal solid waste, would have to be
arriving that way. It does require an economy of scale to have a lot of that,
so you would need a big plant someplace where the traffic problems would
not be the way they would be in our facility. The second part of the problem
is that over time we have segmented municipal solid waste through recycling
and separating out composting. We would have to look at things differently,
which is combining it all again and having enough of an input to make
pyrolysis justified for municipal solid waste. As we're heading towards this
2021 deadline, not just for us but for other cities, I think it would be a good
idea for Staff to consider working with other cities to have such a facility.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, on to our next item. We have Rob de
Geus to introduce it. I didn't see any lights on. Sorry. Before you go Rob,
there's a question from Adrian.
                                                                          Page 8 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
