                           TRANSCRIPT
put them all in one section and we're going to go through and prioritize
program-by-program, that seems like a useful exercise to me. On the other
hand, in the old Comp Plan, we didn't get to every program. We put all
kinds of programs in there that we didn't get to. We probably won't get to a
lot in this either. That doesn't seem that different. Maybe it's a question of
formatting. We've got the policies here, and all the programs are in one big
implementation section. As I read this, I'd like to see the programs under
the policies. How am I going to compare this program about this aspect
with that policy? I'd like to see them altogether. I'm reluctant to throw the
switch on this without more thought, and not just from us on Council.
Actually I'd like Arthur and Dan, the Chairs of the Comp Plan Committee, to
give their two bits on it too. That's all. In principle, I like the idea, but I'm
afraid to throw the switch on it with 10 minutes of discussion.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine. Nope. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things. Actually I was starting to
make the Motion for the whole Comp Plan because I do think we should do
this for the whole thing. We're talking about the Land Use Element right
now, so the Motion's for the Land Use Element. I wish the idea had occurred
to me a year ago; I would have suggested it then. As we're going through
trying to get this done and looking through this and thinking about—I forgot
to mention this earlier. Thinking back to what we did with the S/CAP, it's
not perfectly analogous. The S/CAP was long; it was unwieldy. It got some
edits at the Staff level, came back to us with a lot of the details pulled out, a
lot of the programs, the implementation pulled out of the S/CAP to be in a
separate document, not thrown away, not disregarded, not dismissed, not a
slap in the face, still respected and still to be utilized, still to be implemented
as appropriate. We have a cleaner, simpler, more direct document that we
can actually, as a Council, make decisions on and make progress on, rather
than trying to go through each and every program, which would keep us
here until 5:00 a.m., or we'd have to have a couple more meetings like this
one. I do see Chair Garber is here.

Mayor Scharff: I'm not going to allow it.

Council Member Wolbach: I do think the depictions of the Motion offered
by—I just have to say this. The depictions of the Motion as offered by
Council Members Holman and DuBois do not accurately reflect either the
Motion before us or the stated reason for the Motion. I appreciate that not
everybody is going to support it. I appreciate that it's controversial. The
idea that it's essentially a formatting and prioritization change is completely
dismissing a tremendous amount of Staff work and CAC work and
community input is just not accurate. I'm not saying hit delete. I'm saying

                                                                          Page 102 of 108
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/30/17
