                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Diane Rolfe to be followed by Sea Reddy.

Diane Rolfe: Good evening, honored members of the Palo Alto City Council.
I am Diane Rolfe. I have lived at 1360 Emerson Street, across from
Castilleja, for 44 years, since I was a young bride. As an educator for 34
years in Palo Alto Unified School District, I am a passionate supporter of
education and have immense respect for Castilleja's contributions to the
education of young women in our community. However, that is not the
issue that you are faced with. In the last 15 years, Castilleja's growth has
grown dramatically, accelerated with 11 years of violations of the CUP, the
Conditional Use Permit, that the City of Palo Alto has installed, that was set
up to protect the civil rights of all residing in an R-1 neighborhood.
However, instead of accepting the rules of the CUP and their responsibilities,
I regret to say Castilleja instead announced a new Master Plan in June 2016
to rebuild almost the entire campus. In the process, they would destroy two
single-family homes in a community that desperately needs more housing,
and one of them is an historic home. They would impact and remove many
trees; 168 will be faced with either being impacted or destroyed. Build a
huge underground garage while increasing their enrollment 30 percent to
540, when they're supposed to be at 415. The construction would last
ongoing for a number of years. This overreaching and chaotic Business Plan
undermines the Conditional Use Permit process of the City of Palo Alto.
However, there is hope for the situation in that Castilleja could still honor the
CUP, thereby bringing peace to the neighborhood, also lower congestion, air
and noise pollution, and improve the educational outcomes of their students.
As an educator on the middle school for 34 years, I know how important it is
to have the middle school separated from the high school. It's very
important that students in the middle school have age-appropriate education
in an environment that produces and encourages that. The Palo Alto Unified
School District and other private schools in this area all have chosen to do
the same thing, to increase appropriate educational environments. All of us
want to live in mutual respect and harmony with Castilleja.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. If you could …

Ms. Rolfe: This would not happen if they have the expansion policy. Thank
you very much for your time.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.     Thank you all.   Sea Reddy to be followed by
Lewis Paris.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, City Council, the Mayor, Vice Mayor—she's not
here—citizens of Palo Alto. I came to talk about three things, but I think it's
more important to talk about Castilleja. My first experience is it's a traffic

                                                                           Page 9 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
