                         TRANSCRIPT
C.   Limit Planning & Transportation Commission interviews to 10 minutes.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Yes. Since I'm not doing the math that quickly in my
head, just tell me how much time is there, that we're actually going to put
into it, if everybody wants to be interviewed again?

Mayor Scharff: 6:00 to 10:00 roughly, maybe 10:30 because we may have
a little break.

Vice Mayor Kniss: So 4 1/2 hours?

Mayor Scharff: Roughly, yes.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Is there a strong reason to interview everyone who has
already been on tape and has been interviewed before?         I'm mostly
interested in new Council Members.

Council Member Fine: I've had a chance to review the videos, and I'm
comfortable with those interviews as is.

Vice Mayor Kniss: If there's support for it, Mr. Mayor, I would suggest that
we not interview everyone who has been interviewed before and that we
take up the new candidates.

Mayor Scharff: How does my seconder feel about that?

Council Member Holman: Speaking to my second. I actually think we ought
to give any of the applicants who want to be interviewed the opportunity to
be interviewed according to the original Motion. Two reasons. One is it's a
little different watching an interview than being able to ask your own
questions. Yes, this is a significant time constraint. If I can make a
reference to our Code, when one's asking for a variance, one can't create
one's own hardship and then ask for a variance. I'm just going to refer to
that and say I think we've created our own hardship. I think the polite and
reasonable thing to do is offer the opportunity to any applicant.

Mayor Scharff: That would not be accepted as a friendly. If you want to get
a second to it, I'm happy to have an Amendment.

Vice Mayor Kniss: If all the new members really feel strongly about it, I'm
okay with it. We just interviewed them in the fall. I recognize and certainly
am familiar with them, but I don't think anyone should be not given their
day in court if the three new people on our board wish to do so.



                                                                       Page 3 of 108
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/30/17
