                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka: I guess there's a conservation of Greg’s, because
one Greg just stepped down and another Greg stepped up. I too will be
supporting Vice Mayor as Mayor. I've gotten to know you for quite some
time now. I thought you were a very effective Mayor last time. I've seen
you run this meeting very, very well, and I think that's needed. I think you
bring people together. You have my support.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Is there anyone I'm missing?
Lydia.

Council Member Kou: Thank you. I do want to say that 2016 to the
elections and the campaign was a very tough time. I do support your
nomination and would hope that moving forward we remember you can
nurture our residents here. I did, when I was campaigning, campaign with
the organizational chart of Palo Alto, which my husband has. I really want
to remind that we're here as Council Members to serve the residents of Palo
Alto. Honey, could you please bring it up and give it to David over here, just
as a reminder? I think that's a very—it's not easy to find on the website. It
is in the operating budget site. Again, just want to remind. I ran with that,
took it with me everywhere I went. I just want to bring it back so that we're
remembering that. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'll also be supporting the nomination. I felt it a
real honor and almost a duty, if you will, to be respectful and dutiful to
nominate Council Member Kniss as Mayor and understand the declining of
that nomination. Appreciate the comments in return. I will be supporting
the nomination. Will we have an opportunity to make comments welcoming
other Council Members now or any time?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't you just do it now? We can conserve the
time.

Council Member Holman: I do want to welcome—we have obviously three
new Council Members, some that are new to the dais and some that have
been sitting at this dais for some period of time. As we know, there are a lot
of common issues in the public that have captured the public's attention.
The solutions to those have gotten varied response. We will not always
agree on the solutions. We will not always agree on the issues. We will not
always be allies on the issues, but we will always be colleagues. For the
next two years, we will be colleagues. With that mind, I look forward to the
next three years of us directing the issues that face this community, some of
them as a result of our great success as a community. I look forward to

                                                                          Page 5 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
