                         TRANSCRIPT
okay with that. I'll be supporting this. This is different from our usual
process because we're including those who most recently applied. I think
there were some strong candidates in that pool, and I'd like to see them
included in consideration. If they would like to come interview again, that'd
be great. Although it was mentioned in the previous Agenda Item, I would
just say that the concept of maybe—something to think about in the future—
amending our timing of interview, to move it to the new year, actually might
be a good thing to explore. When Council Member DuBois made that point,
it is well taken. Maybe we should actually explore that.

Mayor Scharff: I'll just make a brief comment. I am obviously going to
support this Motion. I did want to point out to my Colleagues that, at least
since I've been on the Council starting in 2010 with Council Member Holman,
there have actually been several times when we have interviewed
candidates, we have decided to actually go out again. That's not an unusual
process to do. I just wanted to let everyone remember that. With that, I
don't see any other lights.       Let's vote on the board.      That passes
unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

21.   Resolution 9660 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Scheduling the City Council Summer Break and Winter Closure for
      2017.”

Mayor Scharff: Now, for the most important Item of the evening. When are
we going to schedule our Council break? We don't have any cards or
anything. Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Just to get something out on the table, I think what we
did last year worked pretty well. For the six of us who are still here, I'd be
interested in your comments on it. I would make a suggestion in the form of
a Motion that we consider our summer break starting on July 1st and ending
on—I think, Beth, we said August 12th or 11th. We would meet on August
12th, so I don't know when—do you have us ending on the 15th?

Council Member Wolbach: The 14th is Monday.

Vice Mayor Kniss: No, I've (crosstalk) I'm looking at August right now.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: We could end it on the 11th, and then you would
have the next meeting the 12th. The other suggestion is that we start the
break on the 3rd of July, rather than the 1st, because it's a Monday.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Either of those would be okay.
                                                                        Page 55 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
