                           TRANSCRIPT
to be located within an enclosed parking facility, shall be screened from
public view an architecturally compatible with the site conditions. We're
addressing the screening and the visual aspect of it. If it's parking today as
a surface parking lot, if it's in a lift, it seems like that should also be exempt.

Council Member Holman: Not just a surface parking lot. We've had
occasions where parking within a retail envelope has been allowed.

Mr. Lait: Right, because parking facilities are exempt from gross floor area
as defined by the Code. If you have a parking structure within a building
and it's customer parking, that's exempt by Code. As I'm told, except for in
the CD zone. Outside of the downtown area, it would be exempt from
parking. We don't see that as a different condition.

Council Member Holman: Exempt from parking meaning exempt from FAR?

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. Thank you.

Council Member Holman: If you have RT-35 zoning, that means—that's the
height. You have an FAR requirement. That means that the FAR could be
increased greatly if someone proposed lift parking on the ground floor. Do I
understand that correctly? Except the height couldn't be exceeded.

Mr. Lait: I don't know that the gross floor area would be increased greatly.
Are you saying because you'd have a stacker that would go two levels up
within the volume space; therefore, there's two levels of …

Council Member Holman: If ground-floor parking is exempt from floor area
ratio, then could not the floor area ratios for projects in, let's say, SOFA II
be increased?

Ms. Campbell: I think you might have touched on it earlier. The height is
definitely a 35-foot limit. You still have your three-dimensional buildable
area that this project needs to fit within. The floor area, if they choose to
construct it in a way that it counts as floor area, then it does count towards
the entire project. I don't think it would extra floor area.

Council Member Holman:         If they are 100-percent affordable housing
projects, then we have Density Bonus Laws that it could exceed the 35-foot
height limit as well, or 50-foot height limit depending on if it's RT-35 or RT-
50. I'll just stay on SOFA …

Mr. Lait: I think there's a lot of different parts there. It sounded like we
were talking about the housing inventory sites too for a moment. Is that
true?

                                                                           Page 76 of 102
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/27/17
