                          TRANSCRIPT
designed for greater affordability and Policy 3.4 about encouraging a mix of
smaller housing types.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach, second by Council Member Fine.
Do you want to speak to your Motion at all? Let's vote on the board. That
passes unanimously except for Council Member DuBois who wanted more
discussion on the matter.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0-1 DuBois abstain

Council Member DuBois: Could you just slow down a little bit? These are
important things, and we're just (inaudible).

Mayor Scharff:     Item Number Four, which is include Policy L-3.5 and
associated programs and L-3.5.1 regarding ways to minimize displacement
of existing residents.

Council Member Holman: (Inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman moves that.

Council Member Fine: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Fine to direct Staff to include in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan
Update Policy L-3.5 and associated Program L-3.5.1 regarding ways to
minimize displacement of existing residents.

Mayor Scharff: Seconded by Council Member Fine. Let's vote on the board.
That passes unanimously with Council Member Tanaka wanting more—so
far, Hillary, you're doing well.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0-1 Tanaka abstain

Mayor Scharff: Include policies and programs like Policy L-4.1, Program 3.2
blah, blah preserving ground-floor retail space.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'll move that. That's an easy one.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to direct Staff to include in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan Update,
policies and programs like Policy L-4.1, Program L-3.2.1, and Program L-
6.12.4 about preserving ground floor retail space.


                                                                        Page 85 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
