                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Minor: We do not have a majority. We need to do another ballot.

Second Round of voting for one position on the Parks and Recreation
Commission with a term ending December 15, 2019:

Voting For Jeff Greenfield:     DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kou

Voting For Don McDougall:       Fine, Scharff, Tanaka, Wolbach

Voting For Ellen Turbow:        Kniss

Mayor Scharff: The Clerk just reminded me. I think, Council Members, it's a
little confusing to me. I thought we were voting for five as well. We're
voting for four. After that, we're going to take another vote for the
unexpired term. Two more people will be elected; it's just whether or not
they get elected for the full term or the not full term. We're just voting for
one, and then we'll do another vote after that.

[The Council completed Item 6 and City Manager Comments prior to
resuming this item.]

Mayor Scharff: You have the results of our Park and Rec?

Ms. Minor: I do have the results. Don McDougall has been appointed to the
Parks and Rec Commission with a term ending 12/15/2019. We just passed
out the ballots for the unfinished term.

Third Round of voting for one position on the Parks and Recreation
Commission with a term ending December 15, 2019:

Voting For Jeff Greenfield:     DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kou,

Voting For Don McDougall:       Fine, Kniss, Scharff, Tanaka, Wolbach

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

[The Council proceeded to Oral Communications and returned to this item
following the Consent Calendar.]

Ms. Minor: Jeff Greenfield with five votes has been appointed to the
unexpired term on the Parks and Rec Commission.

First Round of voting for one position on the Parks and Recreation
Commission with a term ending December 15, 2018:

Voting For Jeff Greenfield:     DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kou, Scharff

                                                                       Page 11 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
