                          TRANSCRIPT
charming building next to a charming street. I really hope that you will send
all of this back to the ARB with clear directions to follow the rules, the Codes
and what you had previously said. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Neilson Buchanan to be followed by Sam Arsan.

Neilson Buchanan: Good evening, Council. I would like to put a little bit
different twist on the comments that have been made. A couple of voices
have been echoing in my head for the last couple of weeks, thinking about
this evening. One of those voices is Roxy Rapp. Several years ago when I
first started hanging out in City Hall, Roxy made several presentations about
the maximum use of the side streets that are perpendicular to University
Avenue. I can't go through what he said, but basically he was saying those
are treasures, and we should be developing those to draw people down the
small streets for special places. I got confirmation of that in a course I'm
taking at Stanford about Paris. Believe me, I'm not standing in front of you
saying I've gone to four lectures, and I have the foggiest grasp of Paris. I
do know, having learned a little about 300 or 400 years of Paris, that it's
constantly changing, and that they really have paid great attention to special
places. They recommended that you walk around town in daylight, prime
hours, and evening hours at head level and take a look at the streets. I did
that on the streets that radiate from Downtown North to University Avenue.
I walked both ways and all the streets. I could rate the streets, but it really
doesn't matter. Kipling is a very special opportunity. Anything that's built
on Kipling should be special because it radiates from University Avenue like
in Paris all the way to the park in Downtown North. That should be a very
special pedestrian walkway. I don't think this building enhances it. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Sam Arsan to be followed by Jared Bernstein.

Sam Arsan: Good evening. My name is Sam Arsan. I represent several
landlords and tenants in Downtown Palo Alto. I also manage and lease
several buildings in the Downtown area. I've been working in Downtown
Palo Alto for over 20 years now. I think this building is very well designed,
and it's very attractive. It's a welcome addition to this part of University
Avenue. I have several tenants and landlords that are concerned about the
delays that we've been having with this. The building is unfortunately in
need of a lot of repairs, and it needs to be redeveloped and replaced. I'm
hoping that you will approve this project. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Jared Bernstein to be followed by Karin Alana.

Jared Bernstein: Hello. I'm Jared Bernstein, 1330 Tasso Street. I'm coming
out of the blue because I wanted to talk to you guys for the last six months
                                                                          Page 43 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
