                           TRANSCRIPT
and customers that air conditioning is needed to control the heat. Not to
mention the harm of direct UV rays on retail goods. This is not an
environmentally friendly or an environmentally sound or energy efficient
policy."     That's just one example that we heard from the business
community. We're trying to help retail here, and retail sometimes has
problems with this regulation. It's like we're loving retail to death. The
direction that this motion is going, we've made a lot of motions and
amendments to improve upon the Staff recommendation. I'm planning on
supporting the main motion when we're all said and done here. This just
adds a little bit more flexibility for retail businesses. It provides a little less
flexibility for nonretail businesses in the GF and R combining districts. That's
kind of our goal, to make life easier for retailers.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: As some of you might know, I actually work with,
in my day job, a lot of retailers. One of our clients is one of the largest
telecommunications companies in the world. They sell cell phones or smart
phones. What they did on all their stores is got rid of all the glass and put
digital displays. A digital display is infinitely more useful than just a window.
One of the reasons why I support this motion is because you don't know
what the future holds. You don't know what will attract people into a store.
It may be just a plain glass window. It might be a digital display. It might
be a projection onto a sidewalk. It might be a little crank you turn, and it
spits out a gumball. Who knows what it is? For us to sit here and think that
we know so well what retailers are going to need in the future is foolish.
There's no way we're going to know. For us to have this crazy design
standard of saying it must be transparent glass is not really thinking very
forward about the future of retail. The future of retail is going to be much
more interactive. It's not just going to be just a plain glass window. I
understand the reason for having it, for Code enforcement reasons. That's
not what we should be doing here. We should be doing it to promote the
vibrancy of retail.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED RESTATED: Council Member Fine moved,
seconded by Council Member Tanaka to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to
prepare Design Standards for the Ground Floor (GF) and Retail Shopping (R)
Combining Districts to promote pedestrian oriented design and require visual
access into the ground floor of buildings to a depth of three feet.” (New Part
D)

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote. That passes on a 6-3 with Council Members
DuBois, Kou and Holman voting no.


                                                                          Page 103 of 127
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/13/17
