                         TRANSCRIPT
fortunate that we actually have a competent financial Staff. The City has 19
years of receipt of the Government Finance Officers' award for achievement
and excellence in financial reporting, going back 19 years. We also have a
similar award representing the distinguished budget presentation award. It's
the highest award that can be applied to a local government and
demonstrates we meet the highest standards and principles of governmental
budgeting. Of course, as many of you know, we are a AAA bond rated City.
When we look at some of the things like the TOT revenues we're getting, I
would just say these are only estimates that we can try to put out. What
we're able to be collecting from Airbnb and Expedia online is about anywhere
between $1.3 and $1.5 million a year now. That's something that we've just
recently started doing. We've had a good revenue stream, but there's also
been good discipline over the years on the expenditure side. Last year, we
ended it with a $7.7 million surplus or overage of revenues over the
expenditures that we have. Our Budget Stabilization Reserve, which is our
key reserve for the City's General Fund, stands at $42 million. That's at
21.5 percent level of our General Fund operating budget. The Council's
policy sets a target of 18.5 percent. We're $5.9 million above that particular
target. Just since 2012, we've transferred $36 million to the Infrastructure
Reserve above and beyond what our typical plan is for infrastructure
funding. Secondly, our Staff is our key resource. There's a bunch of these
things on this chart, probably too hard for you to see them up there. It
might be better on the screen here. The two bar charts on the left-hand
side attempt to show you the 10-year trend in full-time positions in the City.
We did a little bit of a chart—I wouldn't hold it to be an exact line—on the
population growth over that time. You can see that even in 2017 we have
about 20 fewer employees than we had 10 years ago in 2007. In the
General Fund, we have over 40-some positions less in the General Fund than
we had, in this case, in 2006. Obviously, our population has increased
during that time. Right now, we have 99 vacant positions in the City. That's
9.4 percent of our workforce, again when we're thinking about what we have
planned and what we want to be responding to and delivering on. This list
here just tries to identify some of the recruitment highlights from 2016 of
positions that we had to fill and then some key vacancies that we already
have looking ahead to 2017. It's just indicative a little bit of the level of
turnover that we have. It's also the loss of experience and institutional
knowledge that we often experience every year. You can see positions like
the Utilities General Manager, the Budget Director, the Chief People Officer,
the Human Resources Director, the Assistant Director in Libraries, etc., etc.
Even right now, key vacancies we have are the Police Chief and now the
Assistant Police Chief. These are for this year that we're in, that we have to
deal with:      one Assistant City Attorney, the Assistant Director of
Administrative Services—that's Joe Saccio's position—two Deputy City
Managers, two Assistants to the City Manager, a Transportation Manager,
                                                                         Page 5 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
