                          TRANSCRIPT
because they did not feel that human and civil rights were well enough
protected for them to even make the visit from our of our Sister Cities.
Recognizing that, this is not one that I thought a year ago was going to be
an issue, even 6 months ago was going to be an issue for us. Things
change. The world has changed around us. It is worth, with one of our
Priorities right now, saying the context has changed, we have to be dynamic,
we have to be flexible. How are we going to focus with a little bit of extra
Staff time and a little bit of extra Council time, maybe just for the next year,
maybe the next couple of years, on making sure that human and civil rights
are really well protected here in Palo Alto? How do we demonstrate being a
leader in that in the same way that we've been a leader in other ways? I
don’t' see that as something that's a new value for Palo Alto, just like none
of the values that drive any of the things on this list are new values. The
question is what do we need to focus on right now. Going back briefly to
housing. The key foci there are—it's still general—affordability and options.
We saw that in the Citizens Survey we were talking about earlier today.
Affordability at a range of income levels, particularly at moderate to below-
moderate income levels and just options. Whether you are a City employee
or School District employee, whether you are a young person starting your
career and is happy to live in a tiny little place, as long as he does not have
to commute or ride an SOV car every day to work, whether you're a senior
who's looking to downsize, if that's what you want to do, or you want to
have some more options for how you redesign your house so you can stay in
your house and age in place. Having all those options available is important.
We have talked about this. We have included it as part of the built
environment. I think we should really prioritize within the built environment.
That's why I have pulled out housing and transportation from the built
environment rather than just saying the built environment. Not that all the
parts of the built environment aren't important, but I'm really trying to be
more precise, more specific, so that we can be measurable and meaningful.
On transportation, the foci there should be fluidity, adequacy and safety.
People visiting Palo Alto but most important people who live here can get
around within the City when we need to, we can find a place to park our
bike, our car, our motorcycle, our electric bike or scooter, whatever.
Adequacy for whatever mode you're using, adequacy on Caltrain as that
electrifies so more people can use that, adequate space on any mode you're
using whether you're doing it alone or it's public. Safety, all the things that
go into safety with transportation, that we do spend a lot of time on. I think
we must continue.         I do hope my colleagues will consider housing,
transportation and human and civil rights as key Priorities for the coming
year.

      Housing

                                                                          Page 60 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
