                          TRANSCRIPT
commerce issue later tonight. You're doing that without the benefit of the
context of a scientific, linear survey that's done every year. It's done in
mid-summer. The nanosecond speed of the City survey comes out not yet.
I presented you with an abstract of your own survey that is now public
information. I just wanted to read one paragraph that in a way illustrates
how you can make decisions in better context.             I'm pulling out one
paragraph that's particularly pertinent to Adrian and Greg. The average
rating for all the quality of life questions is 79 percent, primarily because
only 50 percent of the respondents rated Palo Alto as an excellent or good
place to retire. This is the first year that the average fell below 80 percent,
primarily because the average in Area 5 declined significantly from an
average rating of 84 percent to 69 percent. If you don't know what Area 5
is, I did give you five or six copies. My printer ran out of ink, so I didn't
finish. You're going to do a little bit of sharing. The third page in this
abstract is dog-eared so you can find out who Area 5 is. It's not area 51,
but it's something you need to consider. The issue is not this particular
paragraph. The issue is that the scientific information has been sequestered
for months. It's only going to come out for Council review in another month.
This makes no sense.

Mayor Scharff: Mark Mollineaux.

Mark Mollineaux: Hello there. My name is Mark Mollineaux. I graduated
from—we're already on the one-minute warning. Is it one minute now? I
live in Redwood City. This is a small point; I just wanted to respond to it.
This was in public comment. Last month, a member of the public said,
"Some cities don't have any fees." It's just so shocking to me. It's like
when I was in Cincinnati, visiting cousins once. I discovered that the entire
City of Cincinnati has no recycling. It has no program. It's so shocking to
me. I grew up in Cincinnati, so I can vouch for it personally. Our family had
curbside recycling since 1993 and possibly earlier. I've seen references to
curbside recycling in 1989. This is a minor point, but I think it's important
that if we're trying to judge the success of Palo Alto versus other cities that
we have accurate information, and we don't simply say things that aren't
true. Just to keep time going, I'll leave with that. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Minutes Approval

4.    Approval of Action Minutes for the January 3 and 9, 2017 Council
      Meetings.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're onto the Minutes. I need a Motion to approve
the Minutes. So moved from Adrian. I need a second. From Lydia.
                                                                        Page 37 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
