                          TRANSCRIPT
department should try to do. Should I stop until the matter is cleared up
back there?

Mayor Scharff: We can hear you just fine.

Ms. Wood: Thank you. I really take offense at the attorney and the
architect and their comments. There's nothing wrong with a neighbor and a
group of people who become very involved in City politics. This is there
home. As we've heard multiple times, homes here are very, very expensive.
They're just looking out for what they feel is their investment in Palo Alto as
well as conforming to what the Planning Department said. I would urge you
to not be taken in by this appeal and to realize that what it is, is an attempt
to go around your clearly defined process, which is for your ARB to review
these matters. I am struck, as someone who has been over 15 years in my
hometown politics, at the patience with which this Council has given this
matter and the basic disrespect that has been given to your process, in
particular your ARB. For what it is worth, I would go with those people who
have recommended that you deny this and send it back to the ARB. If it
cannot be worked out, kill this matter because you have an applicant who is
not respecting you, this town, its residents, or your process. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.     Andrew Gottlieb to be followed by David
Lieberman.

Andrew Gottlieb: Good evening. My name is Andrew Gottlieb. I'm a
longtime resident of Downtown Palo Alto. Mr. Buchanan's comments struck
me earlier as being very applicable. Kipling Street is a special street. In
looking at and approving a building to go up on that street, the special
nature of it should be taken into consider. I think the Architectural Review
Board was doing that. I think they were doing their job. I believe at this
point they should continue to be able to do their job to either accept or
reject this project and not circumvent the Council. I'd encourage the Council
to allow them to do their job and not be influenced by other types of
discussions going on tonight. Specifically the attorney for the applicant, I
think they are denigrating the process in suggesting that a resident is taking
over the process and not allowing a project to go forward. I think what's
simply happening is a resident is exercising his right to object to a project
and express the concerns of himself and apparently other members of the
community. I'd encourage you to listen to that, listen to the appellant and
the objections before the Council, and not be discouraged by the side
conversation about an appellant taking over the process. It's simply not
happening; he's encouraging it. He's just making sure the rules are being
followed. Just following on that, there are reasons why the project has been
delayed for several years based on objections because the applicant has not

                                                                         Page 50 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
