                          TRANSCRIPT
you look at the previous slide where I talked about opportunities for
education and enrichment, the ratings declined as far as residents'
perception of opportunities, but yet we're having higher participation. Those
results seem to be in conflict with each other. Mobility. The mobility
questions in the survey rated the lowest of all the questions in the survey.
In the Performance Report, you'll see that the use of public transportation
has increased quite a bit. City shuttle boardings increased 53 percent, and
the average Caltrain weekday boardings increased 50 percent. Despite that,
residents rated mobility as worsening. You typically saw a decline in every
category of transportation available. The overall ease of getting to places
that they normally would get to declined about 4 percentage points. Again,
that question wasn't asked in 2011, so I compared it to 2014. Traffic flow,
traffic signal timing, ease of travel by car, ease of travel by public
transportation, and ease of travel by bicycle are all areas that the public saw
as declining in their ease of use. The next facet is the natural environment.
The respondents' ratings on these in the Citizens Survey changed only
slightly. There was a slight increase in the rating of air quality. Cleanliness
of Palo Alto declined 2 percentage points. None of these are considered
significant. Preservation of natural areas increased about 2 percentage
points, and the quality of the overall natural environment remained the
same at 84 percent.          City expenditures to maintain these natural
environment areas, open space, parks, the golf course, increased about 61
percent, from 5.7 million to 9.2. Parks and landscape maintenance and
expenditures also increased 19 percent; that's a subset of the previous
number. The number of native plants in restoration projects declined about
61 percent, from 27,655 down to about 10,700. Moving onto the next facet,
recreation and wellness.          The survey respondents' perception of
opportunities as excellent or good were mixed. The availability of fitness
opportunities changed only 1 percentage point, but the availability of
recreational opportunities declined from 81 to 77, still within the margin of
error, so not significant.      Availability of affordable, quality healthcare
increased from 59 to 65 percent.             Preventive health services, their
perception of the availability of that declined about 2 percentage points.
Availability of quality mental health care, we didn't start asking that question
until 2014, but it has consistently gone down. This year, the difference from
2014, in 2 years, went down 17 percentage points. Looking at participation
in recreation and wellness programs. Enrollment in CSD Citywide classes
and camps declined about 8 percent, but their enrollment in performing arts
programs and activities increased 234 percent, from 3,600 to over 12,000.
The enrollment in art, museum, and science programs also increased
significantly, 31 percent, from 21,000 to about 28,000. Respondents to the
Citizens Survey indicated that they have increased their use of recreation
centers or services about 3 percentage points. They also visit their City
parks a little bit more often, about 2 percentage points more than 2011.
                                                                          Page 15 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
