                          TRANSCRIPT
different moving parts. I hope this introduction will be helpful. As you
know, we've been working on the Comp Plan Update for quite some time,
starting in 2008. The Planning and Transportation Commission referred their
recommendation to the Council in early 2014, and then the CAC was formed
in 2015 and has been meeting since then. I wanted to thank Council
Members Fine, Tanaka and Kou for their participation in these different
contexts. All of tonight's information won't be new to you because we've
had some participation from even the new Council Members along the way.
We're not going to give you a long, detailed breakdown of the whole history
and background tonight, but we do want to acknowledge all of the work
that's gone into the products you're seeing this evening, particularly the
work of the Citizens Advisory Committee.             You're going to look at
transportation and land use.        We also wanted to reiterate just the
importance of this endeavor. The Comp Plan is something that's not only
required by State law, but it's something that expresses the collective vision
of a community. It is used as a decision-making tool for the duration of the
planning period. What you ultimately adopt as the Comprehensive Plan will
be used by you and other decision-makers at the City to make good
decisions for many years to come. We call this a Comp Plan Update partly
because there's some fundamentals that we're not changing, that I think
Palo Alto is very happy with. This is reflected in our Land Use Map. We're
not making radical changes here. I think we've identified one or two little
corrections we need to make to the map, but there are no real policy
changes when it comes to the use of land in Palo Alto. We're using a
process that encompasses three parallel tracks. On one track, the Citizens
Advisory Committee has been assimilating the PTC's recommendations, the
existing Plan and community input along the way. On another track, the
City Council has given us guidance on vision, goals and some of the key
issues, like those we'll discuss this evening. On a third track, we're doing
the environmental review that needs to be done any time a public agency
adopts a new plan like the Comp Plan. This year, our hope is that the
Council will review the work products sent forward by the CAC and be in a
position to refer a draft to the PTC for their public hearings and review
before your break for the summer. That's predicated, of course, on getting
your input on the questions that we've posed for you this evening. If we do
that and if the PTC can hold hearings over the summer, we will be in a
position to bring to you a Plan for adoption before the end of the year. Just
a quick review. This slide shows the current Comp Plan organization into the
various chapters or elements of the Plan and the changes that are proposed.
Again, very minor in terms of the organization of the Plan. Also the
structure of the Plan in terms of the role of vision statements, goals, policies
and programs is not proposed for change. We know the Council has talked
several times in the past about the overabundance of programs in the draft
materials we're bringing forward. We wanted you to know that we will, in
                                                                         Page 25 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
