                         TRANSCRIPT
program to develop incentives because they thought these sites were so
small. If the Council wanted to adopt this but direct us to do that in the
future, it's something we could go back and revisit after we get through the
Comp Plan process and the question on the San Antonio sites. This might be
the next question to look at in that regard.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Somewhat flippantly, I don't think you're going to get 700
houses on the Fry's site. I could be wrong. That's it.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: A quick question on this. I'm a little confused now
on the SOFA II sites. They'd still require retail, so they would be mixed use,
100-percent affordable with retail on the bottom. Is that right?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Council Member DuBois: I think it was a good conversation. I kind of agree
with the Planning Director that we won't get a ton of projects there.
Hopefully we get one or two affordable housing. I think these incentives are
actually warranted for these lots. I'm comfortable leaving them as is. I do
have three small amendments. The first would be to change, on packet
page 329, Section 12-3, every 3 years to every year thereafter in the TDM
reporting.

Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

Council Member Fine:    I was going to make everything unfriendly, but I'll
accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Section 12 (d)(3), replace
‘three years’ with ‘year.’” (New Part A.i.)

Council Member DuBois: I don't know if I need to restate that, David, or if
you caught that. Section 12, Number 3. The second Motion is on Page 321.
That would be replace every 3 years with every year.

Mayor Scharff: What section is that?

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. The next one, 321. It's the heading for
18.42.140, Section 5. It would be to change the Housing Element's housing
inventory to read the—I think it was the 2015 Housing Element housing
inventory.

Ms. Gitelman: It should be the 2015-2023 Housing Element.
                                                                       Page 85 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
