                          TRANSCRIPT
from pedestrian-oriented design. The next design was not compatible as
well. The architect just moved the third and fourth floors back to the rear of
the building, just stacking up all the massing at the rear of the building. It
worsened the mass effect from Kipling Street and the alleyway. Today, you
are miraculously being given three different designs with which to choose
from. None of these—I want to point out this. This is so important. None of
these in their exact form have been vetted or approved or even viewed by
the ARB. Option 1, the original was rejected, and this is a modification of
that. The ARB has not seen this or discussed this at all. Option 2 was seen
and rejected. Option 3 has never been seen. If you view and approve
Option 3, this has not even been seen by the ARB. I think it's inappropriate
for you to be acting as architects here and approving a building that's never
been seen by them. This is the scale of mass of this building. The size and
mass is not compatible with the neighboring buildings. This is the view from
Kipling Street. It's a four-plus-story structure. You need to know it's four
stories plus an additional 15 feet for HVAC and elevator shafts. Parts of the
building are 55—excuse me, 65 feet tall. This is the one-story building next
door to it. It just hovers over it. There's no transition. The four-plus-story
building overwhelms its one-story neighbors.            Inappropriate size and
massing, it's a massive building that will shadow Kipling Street and the
alleyway. Then, unfortunately it turns the alleyway into a busy one-way
street to service the in-and-out garage. This is the secondary business
district that's listed in the Downtown Design Guidelines. Whether they are
going to be adhered to or even recognized or given a nod, this is what it
states there, that the Varsity Theatre, which is a mission revival designed
building, is worthy of being consulted and looked at as part of whatever's
across the street. Peet's Coffee is a Spanish mission-style building. It
states right in the Guidelines that the new buildings should have tie-ins to
the Varsity Theatre, which this building does not. I want to show you just
how purposely—I'm saying purposely—misleading the view from the
alleyway is to—the view of this building is from the alleyway. The architect
has designed this brick-layered street, looking like it's a wide promenade
with trees in the alleyway and flowers. The alleyway has no trees, no
flowers at all. It's making this look like this is something that's being viewed
from the front side. It's hard to see, but this corner is directly across the
street from one of the residences on Kipling Street. It's a stairwell. It's a
stairwell and elevator shaft. It's not a pedestrian or business-friendly
corner, and it's not visibly appealing from those across at the residences.
How would you like to look out your front door and see a stairwell or an
elevator shaft? The other thing is this big alcove right here. An alleyway
that has a big alcove (inaudible) people to hide in there. People will be
scared walking down the street. It's just not appropriate, has not been well
thought out. Here's the traffic on Kipling Street as it currently is. These are
recent photos. This photo on the right was given to me by the owners just
                                                                          Page 34 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
