                        TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: When we vote, I'll be voting against Item Number
13, 429 University, as I did before.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou, did you …

Council Member Kou: I didn't hear the Motion.

Mayor Scharff: There's no Motion. Council Member Holman was basically
stating that we should record her as a no vote on 429 University.

Council Member Kou: I see.

Mayor Scharff: Do you also wish to be recorded as a no vote or not?

Council Member Kou: Yes, I'm a no vote too.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no other—Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: On the same item, I am going to recuse myself because I
wasn't here and have not had sufficient time to review the record from that
night.

Council Member DuBois: I want to vote no on that (inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois is also going to record a no vote on
that. If we could now vote on the board with the recorded no votes.

Council Member Holman: We don't have a Motion yet.

Mayor Scharff: I thought we made a Motion. That was the Minutes; you're
right. I need a Motion to approve the Consent Calendar.

Vice Mayor Kniss: So moved.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Fine to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 5-14.

5.   Appointment of 2017 Emergency Standby Council.

6.   Authorize Acceptance of Relinquishment of one Parcel From the State
     of California (Caltrans) and the Release and Quitclaim of Nine Parcels
     to the State of California (Caltrans) for the 101 Auxiliary Project
     Between the State Route 85 (SR 85) Interchange in Mountain View
     and the Embarcadero Road Interchange and the Replacement of the
     San Francisquito Creek Bridge.
                                                                          Page 9 of 91
                                                          Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 03/20/17
