                          TRANSCRIPT
month, that was discussed by the Mayor earlier this evening. I hope that
this is a noncontroversial Item among my Colleagues. As far as Item A,
that's probably the more controversial one, so I'll just speak to it a bit more.
I'm not sure that this is exactly the language that the Council or even the
Policy and Services Committee really intended to be included. There are a
few ways that the question, the complex, important and nuanced question of
tipped employees and how that relates to the minimum wage could be
addressed. It could be addressed through an exemption as described here.
It could be addressed through a change in the law whereby, say, employers
could require tip sharing, for instance, among waiters and back-of-the-house
or staff such as dishwashers. It could also be done with total compensation
where somebody would have to make the minimum wage but the tips could
be counted towards that. There are a number of options here. My sense
was that that variety of options didn't get as deep a discussion as it required
at Policy and Services. Moving forward with this, I think, is just premature.
As Chair of Policy and Services, I'd be happy to make sure it gets a fair
discussion, a full discussion.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine, will you speak to your second?

Council Member Fine: Thank you. I also believe it's important to get this
out the gate so that our lobbyists and Staff know what our priorities are this
year. As for Item B, I agree with Council Member Wolbach and I commend
this Council for making sure and reaffirming that Palo Alto is an inclusive
community. I think this really hits that home. For Item A, I'm not sure this
is the priority that we want to send given the complex issue of minimum
wage. This seems like we're trying to influence State policy for a single local
decision. I think that needs to be rethought at the Policy and Services level
here in the City.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: As Former Chair of Policy and Services, we had
this discussion. I just wanted to speak to this a little bit. First of all, I have
a concern with process. We empower our Council Committees to make
decisions on the part of Council. We had a unanimous vote on this
generally. We take that guidance. I'm a little concerned that things that
have been unanimously approved and are on Consent, and then we get here
and the Council is going to add things on the fly, vote on them that night. I
would just ask my Colleagues to consider the process and the precedent
we're setting here tonight. In terms of the specifics on this one, we had
packed chambers when this came up. We heard a lot from our business
community. I think the exploring—again, this is what we're asking our
lobbyists to explore and discuss. It's not a statement that we support this

                                                                           Page 36 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/9/17
