                          TRANSCRIPT
9.    Resolution 9661 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Dennis Burns Upon His Retirement.”

10.   Resolution 9662 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Bob Beacom Upon His Retirement.”

11.   900 N. California Avenue [15PLN-00155]: Denial of the Appeal of the
      Planning and Community Environment Director's Architectural Review
      Approval of Three new Single-Family Homes, one With a Second Unit.
      Environmental    Review:   Categorically   Exempt    per   California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Guidelines Section 15303(a) (New
      Construction or Conversion of Small Structures), Zoning District: R-1
      (Continued From January 9, 2017).

Mayor Scharff: Now, we will vote on the Consent Calendar without Item
Number 11. If you could vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 5-10 PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

12.   Discussion and Direction to Staff to Implement a One-year Traffic
      Safety Pilot Project Along Middlefield Road Between the Menlo Park
      City Limits and Forest Avenue, Find the Project Exempt From the
      California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and Approve a Budget
      Amendment in the General Fund.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're moving onto Item Number 12.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Council Member Holman: I did have conversation today with the City
Attorney about a recusal issue. While it's possible that I could participate in
this Item at least potentially as there isn't an anticipated impact on my
property one way or another, I'm really uncomfortable with participating
because Forest Avenue is mentioned repeatedly in this Item, and
prominently. Since that's just a bit more than a block away from my house,
I feel with an abundance of caution it's the prudent thing to do, to recuse
myself from this Item.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.

                                                                        Page 46 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
