                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: There's an Amendment to have this come back on
a biennial basis. That Amendment, I don't have any questions about that.
When we come back, I will.

Mayor Scharff: Got it. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think Council would be very reactive and bring
this back when it needs to come back. Just to put it on the calendar every 2
years and have this kind of meeting again—I could wait maybe 3 years to do
this again. I do want to call the question. I think it's time to vote on the
main motion, but let's vote on this amendment.

Mayor Scharff: I'm going to support Council Member DuBois on the notion
that I don't think it's a good idea to continually put stuff for Staff to have to
come back with. If It's not working, we will come back to it. Council
Member Filseth …

Vice Mayor Kniss: Are we voting on the Amendment?

Mayor Scharff: … did you want to speak to the Amendment? Yeah, we're
voting on the Amendment.

Council Member Filseth: Just briefly. In the past, we've seen that it comes
to Council when there's an issue. There were vacancies; it came back in
2009; we did something about it. I think that can happen.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote.

Vice Mayor Kniss: We've on the Amendment, right?

Mayor Scharff: On the Amendment, just on the Amendment. That fails on a
5-4 vote with Council Members Wolbach, Kniss, Tanaka and Fine voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Fine, Kniss, Tanaka, Wolbach yes

Mayor Scharff: Let's see. I'll make one further Amendment just because it's
in the Staff Report. Direct Staff to allow in the RT-35 district on properties
with frontage on Alma Street between Channing Avenue and Lincoln Avenue
to be replaced by a private educational facility. Property owners would be
prohibited from converting a discontinued retail use to a private school and
then to office. Those are the Anthropologie and the Addison Antiques. It's
really those two properties that would allow that private school to go there
as a use. Is there a second or not?

Vice Mayor Kniss: A private school?

                                                                        Page 120 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
