                          TRANSCRIPT
suffered enough. There's a moral argument to it, and there's also, I think, a
really practical business argument to divestment. Aside from the fact of
climate change and we're all at risk of having our planet burned to a crisp
and seeing droughts and floods—there's that—does an oil-based economy
really make economic sense? From what I've read, we subsidize the oil and
gas, fossil fuel, industry. We subsidize them $4 billion. There was an article
in the New York Times recently, the title of which was Should We Really Be
Subsidizing the Fossil Fuel Industry to the Tune of $4 Billion a Year. I've
also seen estimates of 10 billion. I don't know what the exact figure is, but I
do know that most of those estimates don't even begin to take into account
the amount of money we spend on military adventures in the Middle East to
protect our access to these oil supply lines and the blowback that we get
from being in these countries from terrorists who don't want us there. This
whole bet on an oil-based economy, to me, makes no sense at all. We
shouldn't be subsidizing companies that are continuing to make that bet.
Thank you very much. I appreciate your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Eric Wu to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.

Eric Wu: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. Eric Wu, orthodontist
in Evergreen Park. I realize the RPP in Evergreen Park isn't scheduled until
the March 6 meeting, but I wanted to add a few thoughts this evening. First
of all, I'd like to say our office, our staff members, our patients support the
RPP program in Evergreen Park 100 percent. We understand the importance
of decreasing the number of single occupant vehicles and nonresident
parking. In fact, we were the first orthodontic office years ago to be
certified as a Bay Area green business by the County of Santa Clara and
continue to do so voluntarily. However, with the current structure of the
RPP program in Evergreen Park proposed, I am very concerned with the
inability of myself to purchase parking permits for my eight, full-time, highly
skilled employees, who serve the residents of the greater Palo Alto
community. In a week's time, Council is set to hear from many of my other
dental colleagues throughout the City of Palo Alto on March 6th. I can tell
you the dental community has been working very closely with neighborhood
leaders over the course of the last few weeks. We've made great strides in
our progress. I do respectfully request Council to consider amending the
RPP for Evergreen Park to prioritize and allow neighborhood-serving
businesses such as healthcare providers, such as dentists to purchase
parking permits for their employees. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.     Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Neilson
Buchanan.



                                                                        Page 50 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
