                         TRANSCRIPT
you continue as a private citizen to further our cause for a sustainable Palo
Alto and beyond. Thank you so much, Pat. To Marc Berman, who has put in
the hard work to ensure that our quality of life remains second to none.
Marc understands the importance of measured and thoughtful growth and
has served our City with distinction, enormous dedication, courtesy and
consideration. His work on the Infrastructure Committee and his interest in
youth has left a wonderful legacy. He's off to bigger, or at least different
pastures. I know he'll keep up the great work he started as a champion of
environmental issues and affordable housing and better transit here in Palo
Alto and also his dedication to education, smart growth and social equity.
Thank you so much, Marc. To Greg Schmid, whose quiet counsel is always
thoughtful and deliberate. Thanks to Greg for your support for the S/CAP
and for the green gas initiative recently. Your direction on the Finance
Committee was so helpful to reframe the initiative. I know we'll be seeing
you around these Chambers for years to come and always welcome your
perspective and judgment. I leave you tonight quickly with an inspired
quote from former President Clinton. Citizen service is the very American
idea that we meet our challenges not as isolated individuals but as members
of a true community with all of us working together. Our mission is nothing
less than to spark a renewed sense of obligation, a new sense of duty and a
new season of service. Thank you.

Penny Ellson: Good evening. I'm Penny Ellson. I'd like to take a minute to
say thank you first to our incoming City Council Members. Thank you for
your new commitment of service to our City. I invite you to come and talk
to the Safe Routes to School representatives about the work that we're
doing for the children in our community. To our outgoing Council Members,
Mayor Burt, Council Members Schmid and Berman, thank you for accepting
this responsibility and for working so hard to do your best to hear us and to
represent us. I know I'm not the only person here who feels grateful for the
generous gift of your time and energy and talent, but I truly thank you for
that. All of you have given your support to Safe Routes to School over many
years, enabling our great success, increasing students to choose active,
sustainable school commutes more often. On behalf of the Palo Alto Council
of PTAs, I thank you for that. I'm actually emotional about this. I'm sorry
to see you go. Finally, I want to give special thanks also to Mayor Burt, who
stands out as a very, very long-term, stalwart champion for Safe Routes to
School. Even before Safe Routes to School was officially established in
2006, you recognized and embraced the importance of safe school
commutes. You took time to learn about and understand the developmental
and physical differences of children that make this program necessary. You
rode your bike with us at events. You helped our community establish what
is today one of the nation's most successful Safe Routes to School programs.
We know that we couldn't have done it without your leadership, all of your
                                                                        Page 22 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/03/17
