                          TRANSCRIPT
Element, modifying Code provisions to reflect current practices and policies,
correct text errors, and to introduce new policies relative to affordable
housing and the transportation management plans. Staff has brought these
proposed amendments to the Planning and Transportation Commission twice
in the fall of last year for direction and comments on the amendments. The
topics that received the most discussion were changes to the loading
requirements, the mechanical parking lifts, and the housing inventory sites
small lot consolidations. At their December meeting, the PTC unanimously
recommended approval of the proposed ordinance. I'm going to briefly walk
through the proposed changes that are detailed in the Staff Report. The first
amendment is to update to housing-related definitions.              This is for
consistency with our Housing Element.          These two terms, transitional
housing and supportive housing, are being modified to remove the reference
to multifamily use and instead use a broader reference of residential use.
The ordinance outlines the specific language for these two definitions. The
next set of changes are related to off-street loading requirements. The first
one is to correct errors in the loading requirements table for a few specific
land uses. Back in 1992 when we had a Code update, there was some
information that got lost when the formatting was changed.                We're
correcting that now. The second item is to clarify the application of loading
requirements for mixed-use projects. This is where each land use will be
evaluated specifically for the loading requirements for the whole project.
The last one is to allow Director's approval for off-street loading adjustments
on a case-by-case basis and if the circumstances warrant that. We've
included as an attachment some project examples that show you some
loading adjustments that were supported for some projects. That's in
Attachment D of the CMR. In recent years, parking lifts are being more
often proposed with the technology becoming more available and more
accepted. Attachment E of the Staff Report provides a list of projects going
back to 2006 where we have lifts or other mechanical devices that were
used for these projects. We have approved them. These projects are
mostly mixed-use projects. We do have one project that was an office
project approved in 2015. The proposed language specifically allows lifts in
association with specific uses. Those uses are multifamily, office, hotel,
automotive, industrial or institutional uses. We've also included some other
guidelines for design standards and for some logistical requirements that
need to be met in order to support the use of mechanical lifts in a project.
For the next item, I need to refer to the at-places memo. The language in
this memo is to replace the text in Section 3 of the draft ordinance. That's
Attachment A of the CMR. The current Code has a provision that requires
projects subject to Architectural Review to be approved first before any
demolition can be allowed.           We want to expand this to require all
discretionary approvals to be completed prior to issuing a demolition permit.
We're also clarifying that except for deconstruction projects no demolition is
                                                                        Page 56 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
