                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: I don't think any more than that. I think mine is a
reflection as much as anything and an acknowledgement of what it really
does take to keep this City running.

Mr. Sigman: Very good. Thanks.

Mr. Keene: Could I just add something to that? I would just say that this is
probably the kind of thing that, even after the Plan is adopted, as we look at
this, we would periodically update. It's certainly subject to change. There
are a lot of other factors that we don't put into all of this. We don't exist on
an island. The growth that takes place around us has an impact on our City
and our costs. Just the other day, we had a big police chase that was
involving folks from out of town. The idea that everybody is adding offices
around us and building more houses and to think that isn't going to have a
cost impact on us is just false.

Vice Mayor Kniss: It is time for that wall, right?

Mr. Keene: The point here is it's a much more dynamic situation and
environment on the costs and the funding for things.

Vice Mayor Kniss: One last comment. Council Member Kou brought it up.
We did spend an inordinate amount of time in Washington a week ago
discussing electrification because electrification has very much to do with
High Speed Rail and whether or not that gets funded. We also heard
something that I wouldn't normally say out loud, but it was very
discouraging. In many offices, it's acknowledged that we are currently with
an ABC administration in D.C. which, as you probably know, stands for
Anything But California. There's a great deal of antipathy toward us.
Mostly, I think we're pretty nice people. I was really kind of saddened by
that. It does mean—we're a donor State. This indicates that we will get
certainly less than what I think is our rightful amount. Coming back again to
this, our fiscal analysis, we have to look at what's going on not only in
neighboring cities but across the country. If we look at something very
specific like Caltrain, we may be looking at this may not get funded through
Federal funds. As I said, that's very disappointing. I'm done.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. A lot of comments have been made
about school impacts; I won't repeat those other than to say in addition to
the impacts on the schools themselves, they also imply traffic impacts and
additional costs which, to this point in time, the City incurs as opposed to
the School District, like crossing guards and any number of other things that
the City covers. When looking at the impacts on schools, please consider
                                                                            Page 58 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
