                         TRANSCRIPT
decisions when there are four people left in the audience. If transportation
isn't at the top of our list of what we're concerned about, I don't know what
is. We've agreed that traffic is the biggest problem in our community even
more, I think, than housing. To bring it up at 11:00 with an absolutely
empty chamber is really puzzling to me. I don't expect everyone to stay,
but there's not a soul left here that really is going to be engaged. I would
suggest another night. If others are willing to just plow on through, I guess
we could do it.

Mayor Scharff: Hillary, is there anything on the Transportation Element that
you would need us, other than the Motion just passed, if we didn't continue
this to another night fairly soon?

Ms. Gitelman: No. I think we could defer this to another night and not lose
time. Our goal, as I indicated earlier, is to try and get a recommendation on
all the elements by the time you go on our summer break.

Mayor Scharff: I will move that we continue this item, the Transportation
Element, to a date uncertain.

Council Member Filseth: Second.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Filseth to
continue the Revised Draft Transportation Element to a date uncertain.

Mayor Scharff: Seconded by Council Member Filseth. If we could vote on
the board. Yes, you want to speak?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I think it's just procedurally …

Mayor Scharff: Go ahead.

Council Member Wolbach:          I actually and others may have other
suggestions.    You were suggesting going through the Transportation
Element, if there are any other recommendations or changes. I actually had
other recommendations and changes, and others may have as well,
regarding the Land Use Element that we didn't get to yet. By continuing this
item, do you mean both elements or just the transportation?

Mayor Scharff:   I was just continuing the Transportation Element at this
point.

Council Member Wolbach: If we have additional comments or motions
related to the Land Use Element, how do you want to handle that, Mayor?


                                                                      Page 106 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
