                         TRANSCRIPT
to do the conversion, which we could only do because of the increased rent
from medical/dental space. If the Ordinance had been in place at that time,
you'd still have or we would still have—the City of Palo Alto would still have
an auto garage there. You tell me what is more beneficial to the City,
having two dentists and a doctor or having an auto garage with a number of
wrecked cars parked along the side because they weren't going to go
anywhere. We really hope that this blanket restriction against converting
retail will be turned down and this Ordinance and that you will take actions
to support retail. The major thing you can do is help retailers by fixing the
parking problem, not making it difficult for their employees to park and find
a place to park and be hired, not making it difficult for their customers who
visit the many stores, for example, in the Downtown to find parking and be
part of the Downtown environment. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Judy Kleinberg to be followed by John McNellis.

Judy Kleinberg: Good evening. Thank you very much. I want to call your
attention to a letter that the Chamber sent to every one of you.             I
understand some of you haven't read it yet. Rather than read it to you, I
encourage you to read it because it's a thorough discussion of some of the
high points that we wanted to call to your attention with this new proposal.
I just want to say is any of you a retailer. Have any of you ever been a
retailer? Been a retailer, run a business? Not a lawyer, that's different. In
terms of running—I know that's different. This isn't the first time that
you've heard from the retail community. They've been coming for a couple
of years, from the first time that this emergency Ordinance was proposed.
There are not that many here tonight because they've come over and over,
and they don't really believe that you're listening. I thank you for listening
tonight. There have been a number of comments made about suggestions
that you should look at carefully, that have to do with density issues,
different uses that are being allowed, the design standards that are, I
pointed out, not even energy efficient standards, the 21st century
commercial reality. Our retailers are having a tough time competing with
online. I think this Christmas season was the first time that online sales
outdid regular retail. The retail businesses like Bloomingdales are finding
out that smaller spaces are what works.          Malls work because they're
pedestrian friendly. Don't increase the size. I've heard retailers here over
the last couple of years tell you don't extend the retail, compress it. That's
why malls work. Make it pedestrian friendly. I'm not going to read you all
the different comments, but what I will tell you—please do read it and pay
attention to the people who have come to speak both sides. I think the
people who are worried about retail leaving are just as valid as anybody
else. We obviously represent retailers. We want them to succeed. Here at
the Chamber we get calls from all over the country. I just got a call from
                                                                       Page 51 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
