                         TRANSCRIPT
     Underground Caltrain

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Eric.

Council Member Filseth: First of all, I'm glad we're looking at big, long-term
things here. This is our job as Council, to look at those kinds of things.
There's some tendency of governments to do a few easy things and declare
victory. I don't see that's what we're doing here. That's the right direction.
Most of these things are not shocking and new things and unfamiliar. The
built environment, jobs, transportation and housing costs.         They're all
related to each other. They're not independent of one another. We
recognize that. I'd just say a couple of comments on housing in particular.
The Bay Area housing is a very broad problem, as the whole built
environment is. We just need to be careful and pick our targets on that very
carefully and deliberately. If we're not careful, we can break quite a bit of
glass. I did want to make a comment on Code enforcement, which a couple
of people have mentioned and a number of the speakers from public. We
are underestimating the importance of this. One of the reasons it's coming
ahead now is, if you look at the kinds of Codes we're talking about, it has to
do with traffic restrictions and housing restrictions and Airbnb and hacker
houses and business registries and water use. One of the reasons we're
seeing a lot more demand for this is that the City has been using ordinances
and regulations to try to mitigate and manage the impacts of growth. No
left turn restrictions onto Middlefield and stuff like that.      We haven't
expanded our Code enforcement capacity to keep up with those things. In
fact, in some cases it's gone the other direction. We need to pay more
attention to this than maybe even we're thinking now. The other thing I
wanted to talk about for just a second was the financial stability, which a
couple of other people have mentioned as well. This one's a little odd
because it's more of a constraint than a goal. I believe when you look at our
finances, the major outstanding thing is we have somewhere $500 million
and $800 million unfunded public pension and health liability in town, which
I believe we are still actually in negative amortization on even now. If you
properly accounted for that instead of the Enron accounting that most State
agencies do, you would see that the City is losing money every year. That's
not a sustainable situation. We need to get back to a situation where our
expenses are not growing faster than our revenues, which is where we are
today. It should absolutely be a Priority. Is it a goal? It's more of a "let's
fix it" thing; although, that won't be an easy thing to do. It's hit the point
where even today, even the minimum payments on the bill that CalPERS
requires have reached the size that they're starting to crowd out other
things we want to spend money on. We're starting to notice it, so we need
to deal with that. Thanks.

                                                                        Page 57 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
