                          TRANSCRIPT
what moving forward would look like. However if we move forward or don't
tonight, I just wanted to mention a couple of things. I heard a couple of
comments from colleagues earlier. One that I thought was—I just wanted to
follow up with Staff on paying into the Parking Assessment District is paying
into phantom spaces. I was wondering—the Parking Assessment District has
helped build parking garages in Palo Alto. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: Real parking garages?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to double check on that. Also, we
might have a tendency to mix and match our various concerns and their
impacts. There's obviously a lot of concern, very legitimate concern, that I
share about parking issues in Downtown in particular. We're taking up that
item hopefully tonight as well. We also have a lot of concern about
maintaining a healthy retail environment. The conversion of retail to office
is not what's responsible for our parking problems, because retail actually
creates more of a parking impact than office does. Frankly, I think it's worth
managing that. I'm okay with having a little bit more parking impact
especially in areas like Downtown for the benefit of maintaining a healthy
retail environment. It's worth doing, but I want to make sure that we're all
conscious of the tradeoffs that come with these things. Office is not
responsible for all the problems, and retail doesn't provide all the solutions.
They each have their own benefits and their own problems. I just want us
to make sure we have a nuanced understanding of that and are thoughtful
about that. As we continue the conversation later tonight about parking,
think about the importance of how that works with the retail environment,
understanding that retail and restaurants do have a pretty big parking
necessity because you've got the employees, and then you also have
customers coming and going. There are a few issues that I just wanted to
highlight, that I share some of the concerns and uncertainty about. One is
something that in the past I was very much onboard with wanting to make
sure we didn't lose basement or back room space. I'm hearing more from—
we've heard tonight from people who work in or work with retailers that the
necessity of large onsite storage is changing. By the way, there was a
question earlier about who here has been a retailer and owned a retail
business. Nobody on Council—maybe one person on Council suggested they
had. At least myself and others may have worked in retail even if we
weren't the owners of retail business. I haven't worked in retail in a few
years, so it's quite possible that the environment has changed since I
worked in the industry. The question of what we do with and how we mange

                                                                        Page 69 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
