                           TRANSCRIPT
      Built environment

      Long term financial stability

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm looking at this in the same way. Clearly built
environment is the overarching piece of this. Mine is really affordable
housing. We have put that off for too long. It's now going on 3 years since
we've concentrated on that. I would really put my first Priority as let's get
up one affordable housing project this year. Just because it probably fits the
best under mobility, the bike crossing over 101. Just to say a little more
about that. If we're really concerned with getting people out of their cars
and concentrating, as somebody said here, on reducing SOV use at peak
periods, that is one of the best ways to cross 101. How many of you in here
would love to use that bridge to get to work or to go south? That's a huge
turnout. We certainly don't have people here that are in the software or
hardware business. That's a very common route for people to use as they're
heading south. It's been wet this winter, and almost impossible—you've got
to find a totally different way if you're used to using the bridge. My last one
is going to be a different one. I'd like to see us concentrate on Cubberley
again. We're in the middle of the lease. Since both Greg Tanaka and Eric
Filseth have talked about money—I think I saw that on yours, long-term
financial stability—and in working with the schools because I wouldn't dare
not mention that, Cubberley has the potential for actually increasing the
financial stability for both sides. That has sat there for such a long time.
It's well used in a variety of ways. It really needs to be altered long term to
make it a true asset to the community. In adding to that, not surprising to
Karen, I would also continue on with Healthy Cities, Healthy Communities.
For some people that sounds pat, as though we've done it for a long time.
Who's talking about health anyway? This really adds that extra layer of
cultural wellbeing that we should have in our community. This has been a
group that has really flourished. I'm working with another group called the
Senior Agenda, which is coming out of the County. This really does lay the
groundwork for a whole variety of things that make this a more flexible and
easier City for people to live in over a very long period of time. I hope we'll
continue that. That also plays into what I do in my regional work which is
head up the Board for health air, our Bay Area Air Quality Management
District. If you think of it as the "spare the air" group, that's that group in
particular. It also concentrates on health, in particular respiratory kinds of
illnesses. Those would be my Priorities, Mr. Mayor.

      Affordable Housing


                                                                         Page 58 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
