                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Ryan Rzepecki to be followed by Dan Garber.

Ryan Rzepecki: Hi, how are you doing? I believe I've addressed some of
you guys before. I'm the (inaudible) of Social Bicycles. We've been talking
with your transportation team for almost a year, working on a bikeshare
project for Palo Alto. I just wanted to come and say again that we hope the
measure will be reintroduced to Council for vote. We have an established
solution. We've been in the market for 8 years, perfecting the technology.
We're really excited about the idea of bringing it here to this City. Our
proposal ensures a high quality of equipment that maintains service levels
and is here for the long term. The final proposal that we submitted has us
assuming all the operating costs. After the initial capital investment, we will
assume all the operating costs and have incentives to actually grow and
expand the program. The new players that are entering the space do not
have any sort of track record or experience. We've seen in other cities a
product actually falling apart on the street. There's a lot of photos and
documentation of that. For having a long-term system here that meets the
transportation goals and addresses the transportation challenges in the City,
we hope that we have a chance to partner and work with your
Transportation Department to bring a large-scale bikeshare system to this
City. We've operated in 35 locations across the U.S., Canada, Europe,
Australia, including a 1,000-bike system in Portland, Oregon. We're bringing
all that experience and that history of working with cities to achieve these
transportation goals. If you have any questions over the next few weeks as
you think about this item, I'd be happy to talk to you. The City Staff have
my contact. I'd love the chance to speak to you guys.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Dan Garber to be followed by Monty
Frost.

Dan Garber: I'm Dan Garber. I'm a resident, and I own the business at 81
Encino, which is a small street behind Town and Country Shopping Center.
The difference between us and the homeless is very slight. A slight bump in
our societal construct or a slight change in our chemical construct of our own
persons, we would all be on the street as many of our fellow citizens are. As
a result, we work very closely with the Opportunity Center, which is right
down the street from us, and deal with many of its occupants. My business
has a driveway and a carport, which is often used as or seen as an
opportunity for the homeless to use overnight. We've worked, as a result,
with Philip Dawe at the Opportunity Center closely over a number of years to
resolve a variety of these issues. The police have been called a number of
times. I will point out that they have been uniformly professional, humane,
and very supportive of us as well as very respectful of those that we've had
to deal with there. However, my business is now 30 years old this year. It
                                                                             Page 6 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
