                         TRANSCRIPT
Rita Vrhel, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: I'll try to pull it all
together here. I think the slide is really important. If you look at the
numbers on it, they're pretty dramatic. Keith went over on 121 and dug a
hole in the property next to 900 California Avenue. The water right now is
at four feet. You can see that, if they're going to dig out three basements
and dewater, the amount of water that is going to be extracted if they use
conventional construction methods is going to be considerable. We estimate
it anywhere from 50-120 million gallons. I've made a handout for you. I
hope you will look at this, because it really took me a couple of hours to put
this together and I'm not going to be able to say it all. If you use local
dewatering methods, which were presented to the Policy and Services
Committee by Dan Garber, the amount of water extracted will be
significantly less, and the risks posed to the adjacent properties will be
significantly less. One of the slides that Keith did not get to show you was a
map of the 46 properties around the 900 North California Avenue, which
could be affected by this dewatering project. This will require an enhanced
Geotechnical Report, no matter which way you do the dewatering. I think
that using local firms, which are respected by our local architectural
community, is really important. I'm not sure that somebody in Bozeman,
Montana, can look at the map and do a good job. Actually, Keith was closer
to predicting the rates per minute and the total flow than the Geotechnical
Report was. In medicine, we have a saying, do no harm. I think that this is
a huge project. It's probably the largest dewatering project of a residential
area in Palo Alto. I would hope that you would take time to consider the
possible harms from the dewatering and allow the neighbors the time to
meet with the architect and the Planning Commission or the Architectural
Review Board. I hope that you will pull this off the Consent Calendar
tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Ester Nigenda to be followed by Peter Underhill.

Ester Nigenda, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: Good evening,
Council Members and members of the public. I joined Save Palo Alto's
Groundwater because as a resident, scientist and emergency services
volunteer, water security for all of us and for future generations is an issue
that greatly matters to me. In a time of climate change, the millennium old
method of pumping out groundwater for underground construction and then
discarding it is not sustainable. Estimates vary, but vary conservatively.
Based on the results from Palo Alto's 2016 dewatering season we expect no
less than 50 million gallons of groundwater will be pumped out for the
construction of three adjacent basements on 900 North California. For
comparison, 2-10 million gallons of water are needed for a fracking well.
Fifty million gallons of groundwater is also greater than the reported 43
million gallons of groundwater pumped for the San Mateo commercial
                                                                       Page 41 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
