                   ACTION MINUTES
C.   Incorporate suggestions from Comprehensive Plan Update Citizens
     Advisory Committee (CAC) and public and use their own judgement to
     identify relative priority and timeline for implementing Programs (e.g.
     maintain current practice, short-term, medium-term, long-term; or
     current, 1-year, 5-year, 13-year) and estimate level of effort/cost
     associated with each Program (e.g. low, medium, high); and

D.   Return to Council to review the above prior to adoption.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Filseth to
accept the description of a preferred scenario for the Comprehensive Plan
Update Final Environmental Impact Report described in the Staff Report with
the following elements and adjustments:

A.   Estimated housing growth would be between Scenario 5 (3,545
     dwelling units) and Scenario 4 (4,420 dwelling units); and

B.   Estimated non-residential square footage would be similar to
     Scenario 2 (3 million square feet, of which 1.3 million square feet has
     already been approved at the Stanford University Medical Center); and

C.   Estimated employment growth would be between Scenario 2 (9,850
     jobs) and 11,500 jobs; and

D.   Transportation investments would be those listed in the Staff Report,
     subject to additional review and refinement when the Transportation
     Element returns to Council on May 1; and

E.   Additional Zoning Code amendments and policies advancing
     sustainability measures would be those listed in the Staff Report,
     subject to additional review and refinement when the Land Use
     Element returns to Council on May 1.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Fine to replace Part A of the Motion with, “estimated housing growth
would be between Scenario 4 (4,420 dwelling units) and Scenario 6 (6,000
dwelling units).”

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Amendment, “Scenario 4 (4,420
dwelling units)” with “Scenario 5 (3,545 dwelling units).”

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED RESTATED:              Council Member Wolbach
moved, seconded by Council Member Fine to replace Part A of the Motion
                                                                          Page 5 of 8
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Action Minutes: 03/20/17
