                          TRANSCRIPT
changing. We talked about the Anthropologie site. That one's kind of an
interesting one for me. There's two things that really jump out. There's not
a lot of foot traffic, Alma Street and so forth. Hassett Hardware is one block
away on Alma Street. I go there all the time, and it's always busy in there.
That seems like that business at that location is viable. The other one that
jumps out at me also on Alma Street is the grocery store. I think Micki's
lasted 4 months or something like that down there. There was a lot of
discussion about is retail viable in that location, it's far away from
everything. Grocery Outlet has been there a couple of years, and that place
is going gangbusters. We shop there. It's been there a long time. It
suggests that it's not just location but which retail business is there is also
an important factor. It's kind of interesting. I'll bet if you took Hassett
Hardware and put it in the Stanford Shopping Center, it would fail. It seems
to me more complicated than the issue of location. Again, none of this is
easy. This is going to be very hard. I'm struck by Mr. Wheatley's comment
about permanent harm to the community, when he was up a few minutes
ago. What's the downside if we get this wrong? If we are too conservative,
then the downside is we're going to get some vacancies. There aren't any
right now, or there aren't very many. Somebody brought up in the PTC
meetings the issue of a vacancy turns into a blank office space. That's also
a detriment to retail as well. If we're too conservative and we end up with
vacancies, then we can adjust as was done in 2009 to take action against
that. If we get it wrong the other way, then we're going to lose retail
forever, and it will never come back. We should pass this tonight. We had
the interim Ordinance; obviously it hasn't been a disaster. We should do
this tonight. If more study is required, that's a discussion worth having. We
should have this in place while we have that discussion as opposed to we
take a year or two to study things, and in the meantime we lose a bunch of
retail. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, I appreciate the Mayor going through
the Ordinance and focusing on specific issues. Maybe anticipating some
amendments, I have questions, comments. The yoga, exercise 15-person
limit, I'm not sure 15 is the right number. Having some threshold—if you
cram 100 people into a space, what's that going to do? I understand what
Staff was doing there. Again, when you trigger to the next level where you
need a CUP, it's still possible. It's not prohibiting. I'd be open to some
change there, but there should be some threshold. On "K," the automotive
use, when I looked at that I looked at the new waiver process, which says if
there's one automotive place and nothing else around it, then maybe it's not
a viable retail location. I felt like that was covered, and I'm not sure if we
should strike the use. The one about noise near residential was a really
                                                                        Page 80 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
