                          TRANSCRIPT
those other aspects of it. Question about the prior Stanford GUP. Doing an
EIR, you're looking at existing conditions. They have 750,000 square feet
that still hasn't been built from the prior GUP. I couldn't tell; was that
considered in analyzing this, these scenarios?

Ms. Gitelman: It would have been considered in the projected future
background growth between now and 2030.

Council Member Holman: I'll just put this out there. I know what's required
is to look at existing conditions and what's foreseen. I agree with a couple
of others who have mentioned the new Stanford GUP. I just don't know how
we can ignore there's 3 or 4 million square feet likely to come as a result of
the newly proposed Stanford GUP. I just don't know how we can possibly
ignore that and not account for it.

Ms. Gitelman: We will absolutely respond to that concern. I've heard it
from any number of speakers this evening. We'll provide a full response in
our final document.

Council Member Holman: Appreciate that. I brought this up earlier, and I
appreciate the Staff response, but I'm going to push on this. As I heard at
least one of the Council Members say, the ADU Ordinance that the Council
has passed could have the potential of a very significant impact depending
on who takes up the banner. We can't anticipate that. All we can know is
here's how the zoning has changed. That zoning change is what we have to
analyze and potential impacts. One other one that the Council has done a
little bit inconsistently in one place. I've forgotten; I was reading a lot. One
place the Council had voted to consider increasing hotel floor area ratio from
2 to 3, and then 2 to 3 in the Downtown area, and 2 to 2 1/2 in the outside
Downtown areas. That was a consideration at one point in time, and then it
actually got passed recently. I don't know that there's going to be enough
of that to have an impact, but I leave that to Staff. In the various scenarios,
there are references to significant impacts having to do with noise, cultural
resources. Both of those were significant. I'll come back to those in just a
moment. My comments here are going to go back and forth a little bit
between the EIR and the fiscal analysis, if that's okay. Is that agreeable?
Having to do with—the fiscal analysis talks about current services. Our
current services, as great as they are in so many different ways, are also
really lacking and strained in other areas. Last year, we had to scratch and
claw our way to getting our tree maintenance contracts into the level of
frequency that's recommended.           We have a lot of issues with Code
enforcement currently, whether it is noise, construction approval
compliance, whether it is damage to trees, whether it is traffic enforcement.
We don't have the police to do traffic enforcement.              We don't have

                                                                            Page 59 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
