                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I remember there were a bunch of items on the
past cleanup list that were left on the list. I have to admit I've lost track of
what we've done and what was still on that list. There were other items that
were interesting. I don't know if those are future work. I think some of
those were seismic bonuses. Did we fix that already? I think we were
talking about making it a requirement rather than offering additional
incentives for seismic upgrades.

Mr. Lait: The Council will be considering an information item or report soon
about the City's efforts to upgrade its Seismic Ordinance, which isn't
somewhat related to incentives we might offer. I don't have that list that
you're referring to, but I do know of the list. There were a lot of items on
there. I think when we first started this process, we were really ambitious
about what we were going to be able to accomplish and what we thought
was controversial or not controversial. Turns out the things that we thought
were not very controversial were more controversial than we anticipated.

Council Member DuBois: There were a few that I thought we were pretty
close on. I think it'd be useful to attach that list in future versions, kind of
what's the work plan.

Mr. Lait: We can do that.

Council Member DuBois: I have a couple of others I just wanted to check on
real quick.   The idea of conversion of building use triggering parking
assessment, is that something we've done already or is that still on the list?

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois, that's not really on topic. Do you
want to get the list from them later?

Council Member DuBois: This is the annual Code cleanup on this Section 18.
There were a bunch of things from the past that I'm just curious where they
are.

Mr. Lait: Just briefly, I can speak to that. There was a large attachment of
items that we had from Staff, from conversations that we had with
developers, from community members, even some comments that we've
heard from Council. We just pushed everything on this list. The intent with
this program is trying to address this disconnect that we were experiencing
where folks thought Staff's interpretation of the Code was liberal, there were
some outmoded references, things weren't aligning. This has been a Staff-
driven effort to make changes to the Code to help improve administration so
it can minimize some of the frustration as opposed to a Council-endorsed list
of things that we were necessarily going to be knocking down over a specific
period of time. There are important things on that list that we need to
                                                                         Page 63 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
