                          TRANSCRIPT
if there were some alternate suggestions, I think those would be things that
we would have to come back to the Council on before we would pursue
anything. I would always point out, as you notice—I think the Mayor knows
this as well—we always have a standing Item on our Agenda for legislative
matters, if we did on any given Council meeting need to put an Item before
you so that you could take action on it.         We always anticipate that
possibility.

Council Member Filseth: The simplest thing is probably to withdraw it, strike
it as suggested. I wonder if it's possible that maybe there's some alternate
language. The issue is we're trying to address this issue of some employees
make many times the minimum wage because of tips; whereas, other ones
don't. How much sense does it make to have one-size-fits all? If we could
have some more flexible language that goes to that problem, that allows us
to move forward on this tonight, maybe Council Member Wolbach could
suggest some.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, may I just add something? The City Attorney
pointed out something to me. I think we did not word this correctly.
Remembering the Committee's discussion, the direction as it is right now
says, "at the State level, exempt tipped employees from minimum wage."
That's not really what we intended. It was at the State level to allow cities
to exempt tipped employees from the minimum wage. It's a difference
there, but we're not saying we're directing the State as to what it is to do
Statewide. We're trying to say to the State, "Give us the opportunity."
Practically, it may not have a difference.

Council Member Filseth: That makes more sense.

Mr. Keene: I would say that would be appropriate clarification for whether it
stays in or not.

Council Member Filseth: What if it said something like "at the State level,
allow cities to pursue policies that"—I can't think of anything offhand—
"deviate from the minimum wage requirements in order to more equitably
distribute restaurant receipts to employees."

Council Member Wolbach: I would accept that as a friendly Amendment.

Vice Mayor Kniss: It's really friendly rewording, which is fine. I think that's
fine.

Council Member Filseth: Now we've got to remember what I just said. At
the State level, allow cities to deviate from—what did you just say?

                                                                         Page 39 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
