                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Outside of the Comp Plan. Is that something that's
appropriate to do tonight?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we'd be happy to give that some thought. There may
be an opportunity to have that conversation as the annual Performance
Report evolves into its next iteration.

Council Member Filseth: Give me some language on that.

Ms. Gitelman: Direct Staff to consider a community indicator program as
part of the next iteration of the annual Performance Report or in lieu of
another ongoing monitoring effort.

Council Member Filseth: Or as part of another ongoing monitoring effort.
Will the maker of the Motion accept that as a friendly Amendment?

Council Member Fine: I would.

Mayor Scharff: Would the seconder accept that?

Council Member Filseth: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Was I the seconder? No. Vice Mayor Kniss was. Would you
accept that as a—Council Member Fine accepted it as a friendly Amendment.
Would you …

Vice Mayor Kniss: Yeah.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to consider a
Community Indicator Program as part of the next iteration of the Annual
Performance Report or another on-going monitoring effort.” (New Part B)

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss would.    I still see some lights.    Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: As I read—there seems to be a little discrepancy
here, as I read it. As I read Option 3 on Packet Page 70, it says "use
community indicators along a cumulative cap, annual limit and Downtown
cap but do not use development requirements." How I read that is kind of a
two-part point.    How I read that is to say get rid of development
requirements and use—just get rid of development requirements. How I
read the Motion up here is eliminate development requirements and
community indicators in the Comprehensive Plan. Council Member Fine, you
made this. What is your intention here?

                                                                    Page 77 of 108
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 1/30/17
