                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff:    Council Member Holman, do you want to speak to your
second?

Council Member Holman: Yes, please. I have one quick question for Staff
about it. What would be used for the baseline determinations for traffic?

Ms. Gitelman: Maybe you could explain a little more what your question is.
I'm not sure I follow.

Council Member Holman: Talking about annual performance measures.
What are we using as a baseline to decide what the new trips are or what
the net new trips are not impacting or negatively impacting or increasing?

Ms. Gitelman: You're talking about the Stanford Research Park proposal?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Ms. Gitelman: We would have to work that out. In the Comprehensive Plan,
what we're looking for is broad policy direction. There would have to be an
implementing Ordinance that would have to flesh out the specifics of the
program.

Council Member Holman: Would the maker of this Amendment accept a"
baseline traffic measure would be established"?

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. I was talking to the Clerk.

Council Member Holman: I was just wondering if you would accept as an
Amendment to this to indicate that a baseline traffic measure would be
identified?

Council Member DuBois: For the Research Park?

Council Member Holman: Yeah, for the Research Park.

Council Member DuBois: Yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Amendment, “establish a baseline
traffic measure for the Stanford Research Park.”

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I'll be supporting this obviously.
While I have the floor real quickly. I think it's going to be important for us—
Mr. Mayor? Mr. Mayor? Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.

                                                                        Page 49 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
