                          TRANSCRIPT
or on the list that the Council got more recently for this year. The build-to
line, I presume—maybe Hillary can answer that—will be carried forward.
That was a 2012 Colleagues' Memo. That was not just build-to lines but
encompassed a number of other design criteria. Hopefully that will be
encompassed in the Comprehensive Plan and zoning-related.

Mr. Keene: We'll get in this a little bit. The Fry's site is on the 2017
materials, just as an example. The build-to line, we should have a report on
that for last year. I can't necessarily say that's in there for 2017. We'll deal
with that as we get to the next phase, if that's okay.

Mayor Scharff: Tom.

Council Member DuBois: I'm not going to go into any specific projects. I'll
keep that for the 2017 discussion. I found this process really useful, Jim. I
hope we continue it. I think the larger work list is useful. Maybe we didn't
all give you feedback, but the prioritization and the midyear check-in was
really good. I just hope we continue it and don't create an entirely new
process. Continuing on would be great.

Mr. Keene: Thank you. We'll revisit that when we get—later on in here I
think you'll find what we're trying to suggest is actually trying to sharpen
and focus that and make it even more regular.

Mayor Scharff: You want to move on, Jim?

Mr. Keene: Yes.

Action Items

3.    Council Annual Priority Setting.

      A.    Process Foundation.

James Keene, City Manager: A couple of things then. You don't have to
look at this right now, but I would turn to the next tab then, which is the
2017 Priority setting, Council and public input. Just to orient you on that. If
you turn over the first page, it actually has the Consent Calendar Staff
Report to the Council on January 9th that dealt with the prep for this
Retreat. If you turn to Page 3 on it, that includes the list of suggestions
from the City Council about Priorities in advance of the Retreat. On the back
page, Attachment B, there's a tally that tries to aggregate or group the
items that the Council had. In addition, there is attached to this both a
summary report, a one-page report from community feedback that the
Council got in advance of this meeting either through Open City Hall or

                                                                          Page 33 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
