                          TRANSCRIPT
that we need to survive. I think it's interesting to think about that. In
addition, I hope we can continue to be really creative about both transit and
transportation and about our housing. Many people can live and want to live
actually in very small spaces. Don't forget about micro units in addition to
ADUs. I personally would love to be able to ride my bike not with cars but
away from cars on bike paths and places like by the creeks and other off-
road areas. I just urge you—a lot of people have talked about the planning
minds up there and the creativity. I'd urge you to be as creative and out-of-
the-box in the way that you think about how we might achieve these goals.
Thank you, and thanks to the Comprehensive Plan for all their work.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. David Fudenberg to be followed by Stephanie
Munoz.

David Fudenberg: Mayor Scharff, City Council, over the past 10 years,
traffic and congestion in Palo Alto have become significantly worse. This is a
major problem for residents and employees.          Rather than discussing
mitigating effects of jobs and housing on traffic, we should require a net
decrease in traffic, not a reduction in rate of increase, as a condition to
approving any more large-scale growth. My request to you, the Council,
please ensure we have in place an effective, net traffic reduction program in
place before approving any major new additions. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Bruce Chen.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and City Council. I'm
delighted to see so many people mentioning the word small, smaller units. I
think that's where we got off the track a long time ago, thinking that
luxurious and nice and beautiful had to be large or at least medium-sized.
I'd like to be able to show you that small is beautiful. I'd like to approach it
starting with a different point. The Council has done a lot to punish people
for riding in their cars. We slug-a-beds, we slackers, we unfit, it's just awful.
I would like to suggest that instead you do something positive for people
who don't want to use cars or can't use cars. Their licenses have been taken
away. They have glaucoma. They have whatever. I'd like to suggest that
you start by having on El Camino—that would be the 22 and the 522—the
same FAR, the same net square footage but divided up into small, like hotel
residential homes. They could be beautiful. You could be the Fairmont
Hotel. They could have marble showers, but they could still be very
affordable because you could put a lot of them, twice as many, three times
as many, as you could put, for instance, in 600 square feet apartments. I
would like to suggest that one way that would make them elegant would be
if they were built like 101 Alma with room-size balconies straight across.
That's my contribution to this. Good luck.

                                                                             Page 42 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
