                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: It's Staff's recommendation and the PTC landed on a full-size sport
utility fitting within the space.    That was a discussion point at the
Commission meeting though.

Council Member Filseth: I thought that made sense. If we're going to use
these things and they're going to be acceptable to meeting Code
requirements, then there's a lot of SUVs out there. On the small lot
consolidation, I have a question. We want to provide incentives for 100-
percent affordable housing. Make sense. Some of them are parking related.
What's the justification for removing the parking requirements? We have no
shortage of people contending for the street parking spaces in SOFA right
now. Is there a rationale why we think there's going to be less demand for
those in (crosstalk).

Ms. Campbell: I think the reasoning behind it is we're trying to find an
incentive. That's one of the big things of trying to find something. Because
they're smaller units, we've also kind of looked at the ADU situation where
the small units—if it's attached to the home, it only required one parking
space. We were thinking, "What are some ideas that we can be creative
with, that could be an incentive for development that could create these
housing units?" Parking is the hot topic. If we can reduce that, alleviate
that burden, then maybe there's a way that it might make something
happen.

Council Member Filseth: The genesis of this is it's an incentive and it's
something that people would like as opposed to there's a reason for thinking
there's going to be less cars.

Ms. Campbell: For these types of uses, I think they generally don't have as
many parking—they don't generate as much parking demand for affordable
housing projects.

Council Member Filseth: That was it for me. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: I see no other Council Member having questions.          Council
Member DuBois. Now the board lights up. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, thank you for the Staff Report.
Everything was very clear. I just wondered is this the annual Code cleanup
or will there be an additional session?

Mr. Lait: That's the concept. We have sort of parsed a few out, but this
would be the third one that we've started in a 2-year timeframe. We plan
on doing another one by the end of the year. That's the concept.

                                                                      Page 62 of 102
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/27/17
