                         TRANSCRIPT
under a heading. For bicycles, we probably don't need 20; three or four
would do and keep that breadth. I don't know. I thought your idea about
priorities and flexibility and coming back to it every year was pretty good.
Given that, I don't much care where they go as long as they aren't
overwhelming, they're under the programs. One last thing. We asked
somebody from the League to come and read that letter. We told them it
was 8:00; if they come here before public comment, please let them read
the League's letter.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Penny Ellson to be followed by Jeff Levinsky.

Penny Ellson: You'll be glad to know that I checked a whole bunch of things
off my list because other people have said them. A couple of things. I first
of all want to say I'm glad to hear that a lot of people are thinking about
school impacts. That's a good thing. I also have some concerns about
overly-optimistic projections on TDM opportunity. I think we should really
look carefully at that. I wanted to thank Council Member Wolbach for
listening to the public. I listened to a lot of you. I called some of you to
understand about the programs and your thinking around that. I have to
say that the programs belong with the goals and policies. I remember the
first time I read the Comp Plan. It took me a long time to get to the
appendix. I think this is a document for the citizens as much as it is a
document for you on the dais and for our City Staff. It's important that it's
accessible for people the very first time they come to it. I'm glad to hear
that. I hope you'll keep the programs in there. Finally, I want to comment
that when I took a look today at the changes in the Comp Plan, I noticed—I
have to sum up—that taking the programs out really created a lack of
alignment between the Land Use and Transportation Elements. That's my
final reason for keeping that in there. There are some details on that. I had
one other thought, but it's gone now. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Jeff Levinsky to be followed by Katie
Talbot.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. Just a
few years ago, the Council and City Staff sent a letter to ABAG that pointed
out adding 2,860 units was "completely unachievable." It called such a goal
"an exercise in futility," citing impacts on neighborhoods and infrastructure.
It said the effect on our schools "cannot be accommodated." Why tonight
are we even talking about such growth or more? You can look at my
neighborhood as a good example of what happens when the City believes it
can ignore these realities. We were promised for the Edgewood Shopping
Center that putting in new housing in the parking lot would not impact
parking. Yet, it has. Even with the center half occupied, parking there is so

                                                                           Page 35 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
