                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, I think we need to move on, unless
you can get a second. Council Member Holman, are you done?

Council Member Holman: Yeah. I'm not hearing a second.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “that the height of the prominent First
Floor concrete elements be lowered to be consistent with the prevailing
street pattern.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Just very quickly. Being a newbie here on the
Council, I'm still learning. It's very clear that this process did not work well
on this project, whether we talk about Council, ARB, the applicant. In fact, I
would commend you, Mr. Harbour. In many ways you've provided a very
professional interaction here, presented good evidence around this issue and
helped shape this project. Everything else, I think, has not been that
professional. That said, I am going to support the Motion. I do believe
Option 1 is compatible with our Downtown, which is a mixed area. As some
others have mentioned here, property owners do have rights, which our City
has a responsibility to uphold. While this isn't perfect, it is what it is. I will
be supporting the original Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:         I think I'm going to support the Motion,
especially because it has the additional conditions that Staff took the time to
stipulate. Those kind of seal the deal for me. Do I love the building? No,
but that's not the question. The law is the law. The law doesn't say
everybody must love the building. I certainly don't; it's not my favorite
style. There's a limit to what we've allowed ourselves to do through the law.
I do feel that it does meet the conditions barely, but I think it does. The
impact on Kipling, there will be some. I'm not going to say that there's not
going to be an impact. The question is whether it's compatible enough that
we can allow the applicant to move forward. I just, again, want to commend
Staff and the ARB and the applicant and the appellant for a tremendous
amount of patience through a very long process. I'm just going to throw out
a couple of things to think about. I don't want to get too deep into them
because they're not exactly what's on our Agenda right now. A couple of
things to think about as far as improving our process. We're talking about
this gray area and this question and uncertainty about how many stories can
you have next to X number of stories that are present. Our neighboring city
                                                                           Page 73 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/6/17
