                         TRANSCRIPT
Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. There's a
couple of problems with this particular project. I think Arthur Keller had
some very good points. One of them is traffic. If you drive along El Camino
during rush hour, that area is totally blocked. Putting an up-zoning on the
site, increasing the number of car trips by 100 to 150 a day is not going to
be good. It's going to be a problem. The traffic on Maybell, traffic on
Arastradero in addition to El Camino is very bad right now. Second, even
though the design that was shown to you is not actually before you for
approval, there's some things about it that concern me. One of them is that
the access street is only 18 feet wide. The normal requirement for a street
serving five or more units would be 30 feet. Why is the street so narrow?
The street behind the buildings is 25 feet, again less than the 30 feet
required. Any project which goes in there should be required to have
adequately wide streets. Second, the various plans that they show have
different numbers of parking spaces. In one case, the parking is about 24
parking spaces. In another, it's 40. How many parking spaces are really
going to be on the site? You have to have adequate parking for everybody
plus guests. Ten of the parking spaces that they're showing are dual spaces,
which means they're only going to be accessible if both people who have
parking there live in the same apartment. If they're different people,
different apartments, you could have somebody parking there and blocking
this access and egress from the car in front of them. I think this has got to
be looked at very carefully. I don't see any justification for doing the up-
zoning to RM-30. There have been several projects proposed in the past,
which were approved by the Council, for development at that site at the RM-
15. RM-15 works on that site. It's been approved before. The projects
didn't go forward not because of anything that the City or the City Council
did, but because the property owner backed off. I think you should be very
careful about doing this up-zoning in an area which is as congested as this
is. It's going to have so many problems on the adjacent streets and in the
neighborhood.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

[The Council returned to Item 5.]

Mayor Scharff: Back to Staff, if you want to give the presentation.

Sheldon Ah Sing: Good evening. I'm Sheldon Ah Sing; I'm a planning
consultant assisting the City with projects.     I do have a PowerPoint
presentation for you. The applicant also has a PowerPoint presentation after
mine. The applicant does seek preliminary feedback from the City Council
concerning a rezone of the property from an RM-15 to RM-30 designation.
The lot's approximately three-quarters of an acre size. The purpose of this

                                                                      Page 15 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
