                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Bruce Chen to be followed by Becky
Sanders.

Bruce Chen: Good evening. I strongly object to Scenario 6. The City needs
to take an approach to look at our sustainable growth. Everybody looking at
this, how we can grow, but you have to look at not only the road but also
how we can build the City infrastructure to support this additional 600 unit.
You are talking about 20,000 people that could live in, that the City's water
facility can support this. Not to mention whether the school have the
resources to support the next generation of the City. I have two kids in the
school. Right now, Palo Alto school has very good teacher and student ratio
at around 22 for elementary school student.          If you think about this
additional people moving into the City, how we can solve that, how we can
let them (inaudible) the high quality of the City's education without
sacrificing the quality of our education for the next generation. I also want
to say that City needs to proceed with caution with this Motion, whatever.
You guys need to listen to more. I talk with my neighborhood about this
scenario. It seems don't have enough information yet. They really want to
know more. I trust you guys' instinct and experience, but I think the City's
residents need to have more say in these different scenarios. Not to
mention, there's a State investigation going on. I highly doubt some of the
motivation behind the scenario proposals. That's from me.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Becky Sanders to be followed by Dan Garber.

Becky Sanders: Good evening, City Council Members. Thank you for your
service.   Listening to the debate tonight, we have had an interesting
marriage between the disparate voices for housing. May I ask housing for
whom? Will this housing be made available to the developmentally disabled
or the most vulnerable, the low-wage workers, seniors, or to the most
privileged, to the people that can afford? Developers understandably seek
to maximize the profits. You see the disconnect between cravers of rabid
growth and seekers for social justice. I challenge you to how can you solve
that disconnect. So much money has been thrown into lobbying for pro-
growth in this town. Those of us without the money or the lobbying access
are left blowing in the wind. Therefore, I can't in good conscious support
Scenario 6 because I believe the housing will go to serve the most
privileged. Also, just as an aside, I actually couldn't believe my ears. I
believe City Council Procedures, Page 3, Section D, Bullet 1, says all remarks
shall be addressed to the Council as a body and not to any individual. I
would really suggest that Council pay attention to that rule and admonish
people not to address Council Members individually. I found some of the
remarks earlier a little bit disconcerting. Thank you.


                                                                           Page 43 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
