                          TRANSCRIPT
John Morris: Thank you for the opportunity to speak to this issue. We
homeowners in Evergreen Park have been dealing with this offensive parking
situation for too many years. The City of Palo Alto has chosen to resist its
citizens' outcries regarding residential parking rights beyond reason. Those
of us who live here feel the pressure of employee parking of those who work
at or attend Stanford University and those who work at the bike shops, the
restaurants, the dental offices and the startups on El Camino Real. The
residual effect in our neighborhood includes noise, garbage and crime. I
only ask that anyone who feels that our situation does not deserve the
attention that we request, please, please move here now and feel our pain.
Mr. Keene, you are welcome to stay at our home for a week to get a taste.
Just call me, John, at 831-325-7880. My friend, Cheryl, has offered to be
your host at Leland and Ash. She's lived there for 65 years and will be
pleased to be your host. It's a beautiful place to live other than the parking
problems, which only continue to get worse. Historically, I believe that the
City of Palo Alto and the College Terrace Parking Permit effort received
$100,000 from Stanford University in order to proceed with their successful
program. Geographically, Evergreen Park is on the other side of the El
Camino Real. Thank you for your thoughtful consideration. I'm just so sorry
that the Hayes Group and the ARB got away with what they did.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Samina to be followed by Terry Holzemer.

Samina: Good evening, everybody. Happy new year to everyone, and
congratulations to new Council Members. I'd also like to thank the Staff for
working hard for us.        I've been living on Park Boulevard where my
neighbors, all these dentists who spoke, are. Most of them are on corner of
El Camino and Park Avenue. There are only six parking spots on the streets
where I am. In the beginning, I really didn't mind as much, because they're
my neighbors. In Islam, you're supposed to be very good to your neighbors.
Now, I have a serious problem. I have a knee that is very painful, and I'm
afraid to leave my house for anything. I need to go to my pool; I don't go
there. If I leave, I can't get back my parking spot. Forget about doing
groceries, because I might not find parking anywhere. When these two
offices and residential places were built, we lost at least three parking spots.
I have a question. I know there is parking for their employees. When they
were building these huge buildings, why didn't they think about that at that
time? That would have been really good to consider, where our employees
are going to park. This is something that really has to be fair to the
residents and fair to them too. I don't mind, but please help us. Like my
previous friend said, this is a beautiful place except the parking problem that
we are facing. My car was hit; nobody left a note. The side view mirror
broken. My car is dented. If we had a normal situation, neighbors and all

                                                                         Page 88 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
