                          TRANSCRIPT
that goes over the full length of the Bay. This route will eliminate noise and
emissions in our region entirely, applying the Federal definitions and
standards. The City has an excellent opportunity to make sure this gets
done right for three reasons. First, the evaluation of the routes relative to
the proposed alternatives is mandated by law as a first step for any
significant change to flight procedures. Number two, assessing the new
waypoint for 1,000 arrivals will yield procedures far superior to the SERFR
and BSR alternatives as the published report performed by the City's expert
consultants, the Freytag team, demonstrates. The third is that Council has a
dream team of attorneys at hand, Mrs. Molly Stump and Mr. Peter Kirsch,
the City's external aviation attorney. We are at a critical juncture. You have
a critical opportunity, and that opportunity is now. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.    Sea Reddy to be followed by Mark Petersen-
Perez.

Sea Reddy: Good evening. It's refreshing to see the new City Council, the
new Mayor, the new Vice Mayor. I don't know what someone was talking
about, we need more experience. This is the perfect experience. You're the
greatest of the team that I've seen in a few years. Congratulations. I'm
sure you'll do well for us. Two or three things to think about for this year is
slow growth. We like what we are. We don't need too many more buildings,
too many more tall buildings, too many more anything. Less traffic, less
airplane noise and keep us all safe. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.     Mark Petersen-Perez to be followed by Rita
Vrhel.

Mark Petersen-Perez: Life in Nicaragua is so much different. It's a lot
warmer too. If I could describe my career in finance of over 30 years, I'd
sum it up in one word. It has been excellent. I retired at the age of 49; I'm
65. I decided to go to work for REI just simply because I've never worked in
the retail industry. Jim Keene would come in there, and he would see how
bubbly I was and enthusiastic I was. Then, I took off on my Land Rover and
made six trips to Panama in my Land Rover. It was an awesome time. One
of the things that I have enjoyed coming here is I kind of view myself as a
standup comic. The sad thing is that all of you here in attendance have kind
of treated what I have said over the years as one big joke. That's okay
because I have been financially solvent, which is awesome. I've never
needed to—I haven't experienced not being without cash in the bank. I'll
talk a little bit about that, I think, on Agenda Number 5. Anyway, this is
probably going to be one of my last public presentations here. Palo Alto
Free Press operates here in Palo Alto as a Google virtual office. We also
have an international office in Nicaragua, in Ticuantepe, Nicaragua. I would

                                                                        Page 34 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
