                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Were you supporting the original Motion or the
Amendment?

Council Member DuBois: My Amendment to the Amendment was to replace
the numbers with the idea of encouraging housing.

Council Member Wolbach: It was an Amendment to the Amendment.

Mr. Keene: Can I just ask a …

Council Member Holman: You said you were replacing the numbers, but you
…

Mr. Keene: I don't think we can replace the numbers. We do need a range
of numbers for the EIR.

Council Member DuBois:       I'm saying keep the numbers from the original
Motion.

Mr. Keene: That's the clarification there. Can I just make—I certainly
understand the intention separate from any concern Molly might have about
is this relevant now. Going back to the idea that the EIR is to establish a
range for you to study. You're going to have to, on May 1st or after that,
make a number of other policy decisions to start to develop—put more
substance to your strategy. My own guess is we're not going to effectively
be able to meet the housing numbers that are in this range without looking
at zoning changes that could include exactly what you're talking about,
saying how do we incentivize conversion of office to … Why not study the
larger office number anyway than making this decision right now? I know
you're going to make ten other decisions between now and when you adopt
the Comp Plan, that are going to get more specific and give the public a
clearer picture about how you're going to implement over the next 13-15
years what it is you want to achieve. This one is a little bit one-off. I
understand what you're trying to do. I'm just wondering if this is the time to
do it rather than later.

Mayor Scharff: I didn't think the Amendment was within order. I thought it
was outside of order, and that's why I asked the City Attorney. I got the
sense that it's not. I'm not sure why we're continuing to discuss it.

Molly Stump, City     Attorney: The item is really framed as setting the
parameters for the    EIR. The programmatic changes that would go along
with that in terms    of what the Comp Plan elements might look like, the
public has not been   informed that those are an item for the Council to focus


                                                                           Page 82 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
