                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Minor: We could, yeah.

Mayor Scharff: July 1st is a Saturday, right?

Ms. Minor: Right.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Whatever works best for stating it in the calendar and for
meetings would be to break that weekend and then to come back after the
weekend of the 12th. To return to Council on the 12th. That gives us five
weeks.

Ms. Minor: It's totally up to you. We could list it as July 1st, which is the
Saturday, so that we have no meetings on that weekend, and then come
back on August 14th with the ending of August 13th as your break.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Good. Thank you, Beth. That then becomes my Motion.

Mayor Scharff: We need a second for that Motion if that's the Motion.

Council Member DuBois: Do we want to include winter and just do it all at
once?

Mayor Scharff: Let's add in the winter. I agree. We didn't get to the winter
yet. Liz, what's the winter?

Ms. Minor: Traditionally, winter break is the last two weeks in December.
The suggestion in the Staff Report is December 18th through January 2nd of
2018.

Vice Mayor Kniss: That does put us in a somewhat unusual situation of it
ending in the middle of the week. The 2nd will be a holiday, is that correct?
The 1st and the 2nd will be holidays, meaning that if it ends on the 3rd, we
would probably not have a meeting until the 8th. Is that correct? I can't
imagine us having a meeting on Wednesday, the 3rd. Let me incorporate
that into the Motion. If somebody wants to change it, then I would suggest
the winter closure be from December 18th until January 7th.

Council Member DuBois: I would second that if (inaudible).

Vice Mayor Kniss: We've got a second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to adopt a Resolution scheduling the Council’s Summer Break from July 1,
2017 to August 13, 2017 and the Winter Closure from December 18, 2017 to
January 7, 2018.

                                                                       Page 57 of 60
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/9/17
