                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: It would not include the programs. L-1.17.1
program, L-1.17.2 program and also the programs under L-1.18 would not
be included. Again, trying to keep this a little bit more general.

Mayor Scharff: My understanding of this—Director Gitelman, if you could
just confirm this. All that would occur is you would have Policy L.17. There
would be no programs. You would create an implementation plan that would
be outside of the Comp Plan.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. If you adopt just       the policies and not the
programs, you would be stating it is the policy      of the City to hold new
development to the highest standards and to         monitor key community
indicators on a regular basis. It would be for us   outside the Comp Plan to
determine exactly how to do that.

Mayor Scharff: Those community indicators would then come to Council,
and we'd have to develop them.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Council Member Wolbach: Do I have a second?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'd second it, but I can't because I'm second to Adrian.

Council Member Wolbach: Can the maker of the original Motion not second
a Substitute Motion?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I think Robert's Rules say you cannot.

Mayor Scharff: She would have to withdraw her second.

Council Member Wolbach: Would anyone else who wants to see community
indicators retained in some form in the Comp Plan like to second this Motion
as a compromise?

Council Member DuBois: Can we see the original Motion again, please? I
think I prefer the original there.

Council Member Holman: I'll second.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to direct Staff to include in the final draft of the
Comprehensive Plan Update to articulate the purposes and topics for
development requirements in the Comprehensive Plan, but develop details
later via an implementation program excluding Comprehensive Plan
Programs.
                                                                      Page 81 of 108
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/30/17
