                         TRANSCRIPT
and other regulatory Codes. We do this by employing the most skilled and
credentialed inspectors that must be vigilant in keeping their current status
and their current certifications. We currently are one of only nine cities out
of 14,000 rated agencies in the country that hold an ISO Class 1 credential.
In California, we're one of four out of 297 agencies that have been rated by
this organization. That award demonstrates the City's maintenance of the
highest standards of structural safety, and it also provides a benefit for
insurance holders of property owners in Palo Alto. Today, we are proud to
bring another award that recognizes the outstanding leadership of your
inspectors that have demonstrated leadership in the industry of inspection.
I'm pleased to introduce Melvin Weidner, President of the American
Construction Inspector's Association. The ACIA, established in 1954, is an
organization of skilled and knowledgeable construction professionals. Mel
will have a couple of words to say about an honor that we're here to share
with you.

Melvin Weidner, FACIA RCI, American Construction Inspector's Association
National President: Honorable Mayor, Council Members, I too am a bit
stammered for words, and I normally am not. You've put me behind a
national hero, a local hero, and a bunch of children. Thank you very much.
The American Construction Inspector's Association is 60 years old. In the
mid-70s, then Governor Ronald Reagan asked us to take over the licensing
division, and that's the registered construction inspectors.       We're an
organization of architects, engineers, inspectors all throughout the state,
construction managers all throughout the nation. Your City was nominated
for an award. I'm the national president, so I started digging through and
saying, "When has a city ever been nominated? I haven't seen this before."
I'm a two-time president, been on multiple boards, been a local chapter
president for 7 years, been on this board for 5 years. I asked our executive
director to look into this for me. We could not find that it was ever done.
Then I said, "Who nominated this city? Throw this back at me, let me do
some digging." What I found out is that no one on your Staff, no one in
your department, no one that lives in this City, no one that currently works
here or has a job here nominated you. That really got my interest to find
out why. I went through about seven pages of reasons and nominations,
and you were nominated by a chief building official that does not work in this
City and would like to remain nameless so that he can keep his job in
another city for not nominating himself. I started developing and going
through and asking why did they earn this. I found out that through your
leadership, this City's leadership, you employ forward planning, advanced
thinking, a proactive, a teamwork approach. That's the class I teach. I was
told that if I came over here and networked with some of your inspectors,
they would teach me. I got introduced to a few of your inspectors and got
involved in no projects or anything else, just networking and found out that
                                                                        Page 7 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
