                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lew: No. I think I mentioned this in one of the ARB meetings about this
project. Just as an example, in San Francisco for what they call their
pedestrian areas, which are their neighborhood shopping areas, just for
example, they would restrict lot mergers to a prescribed size. That's
actually a numerical issue. The intent is to keep the pedestrian street
attractive and variable.    They actually discourage putting fake fronts,
multiple storefronts on one big building in an attempt to mask it to make it
look smaller. That's why they restrict the lot size, lot mergers. Also, they
would require driveway curb cuts or garage entrances to be on an alley side
and not facing any pedestrian street. They have requirements for clear
glazing along pedestrian frontages. Is there something in particular that
you're looking for?

Council Member Holman: I'm not familiar with San Francisco's Code, but I
just use them because I know you are familiar with them. Is there any just
quick thing that you want to describe about how they might deal with street
rhythm?

Mr. Lew: That's one I was getting at …

Council Member Holman: I know about the lot mergers, but …

Mr. Lew: … the first thing with the lot size. They prescribe a dimension for
each street, each pedestrian street.        Market Street, which is a big
commercial street, has a larger dimension.             Some of the more
neighborhood-oriented streets would have a smaller dimension, say 50 or 60
feet; whereas, Market Street might have a maximum building frontage of
125 feet or 150 feet wide. That's to make the buildings scaled to the
neighborhood to ensure new buildings are scaled to the neighborhood. They
also have restrictions against chain stores. We've talked about this a little
bit with the (inaudible) of California Avenue to try to keep the character of
an established street.

Council Member Holman:         Thank you very much.       Just a couple of
comments. I and, I would imagine, at least the Colleagues who have been
here for a while and seen this project before think it unfortunate that this
project is still coming before us and not having a particularly successful or
popular response. You can pick any one of these sets of plans. I'll look at
Option 3, for instance. Our Context Based Design Criteria and various other
aspects of the non-numerical findings that have to be made talk about the
rhythm of the street. The rhythm of the street is described as 25-foot
storefronts and the differentiation.     If you look at—it's in the Staff
presentation. Slide 10 is actually not a bad representation of that. If you
look at the other storefronts, they are differentiated by either different

                                                                       Page 58 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/6/17
