                         TRANSCRIPT
followed the suggestions of the ARB, has not followed the rules, and has not
taken into consideration the concerns of the community. Finally, I'd like to
say in this day and age, respect for the process and the public's confidence
in the process is critical in local government and Federal government.
Listening to Council Member Tanaka's expression of explaining why he's not
recusing himself is a concern. I think even the appearance of impropriety is
discouraging. I would encourage you to recuse yourself from this process
based on the campaign contribution. Even though you refunded it, I think it
creates a cloud and appearance of impropriety, which would undermine the
public's confidence in the process if you didn't recuse yourself. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. David Lieberman.

David Lieberman: Hi. This project was first presented to the City in 2013.
It was approved by the Planning Staff in 2015. It meets all building and
Code requirements and requires no variances or exceptions. Yet, four years
later here we are. Is Palo Alto governed by law or by ad hoc decisions based
on individual whims? As a resident of Palo Alto, I am required to obey all
municipal laws and regulations whether I like them or not, and frequently I
don't. There is no exception to that requirement for Council Members. You
members of the City Council have the ability to change the law, but you
don't have the right to ignore it. Do the right thing. Obey the law. Approve
this project. I'd just like to add one thing. If the nine of you went into a
room and designed the site, designed a building, you would come out and
you would vote it down.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we return to the appellant, who will have three
minutes in rebuttal.

Mr. Harbour: I thought you said the applicant was first.

Mayor Scharff: Let me look at my thing here. I get that confused. Does
the applicant object to going first? Nope, then the applicant can go first.

Jaime Wong, Applicant: Good evening. My name's Jaime Wong. I want to
start by saying an earlier speaker talked about Birge Clark, and we're trying
to honor Birge Clark. In fact, the American Institute of Architects elected to
give the Birge Clark award for sustained architectural excellence to Joe
Bellomo, my architect. People have tried to brand me as a developer. I
don't object to that, but it's not a bad thing. I'm also your neighbor; I live
here. I've raised my family here. I vote here. I shop here. Yes, I invest
here. Everything for me is Palo Alto. I care about this town. I'd better
because my whole future and the future of my family depends on it. We
have seen the tactic of fearmongering here. People talk about ignoring the
professionals who have said shadow studies, no impact.           No, no, no,
                                                                        Page 51 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
