                         TRANSCRIPT
the overwhelming, crowded parking. I'm very, very grateful that there's a
proposal to distribute all the parking permits throughout the region so that
it's not all crowded close. Thanks a lot.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Aileen Yang to be followed by Joan Phelan.

Aileen Yang: First, I would like to show my appreciation for our Council
Members to support Evergreen Park Residential Parking Permit Program. I
also appreciate the hard work of City Staff on this proposal. I'm a resident
of College Avenue in Evergreen Park for more than 10 years. Being born in
a big city, I'm not afraid of growth, but it is important to do it right from
beginning since it will take much more effort to correct errors later. As we
all indicate (inaudible), the Evergreen Park neighborhood is a residential
neighborhood. We are not parking lot. When my neighbor have to call the
police to give citations to cars that block our driveway very often, we know
something is not right. I cannot stress enough the importance of the
Residential Parking Permit Program for us. In addition, I want to remind you
that a good solution to prevent business communities parking close
(inaudible) on single street is imperative too. Despite that, College Avenue
is very close to business district. We do have great numbers of young
families with small children in both the apartment buildings and single
houses. In order to keep the environment safe for children to play close to
their home, please don't let too many cars drive through this residential
section of the neighborhood. We do appreciate the updated proposal to
divide our neighborhood into two zones to avoid the clustering situation.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Joan Phelan to be followed by Michael Eager.

Joan Phelan: Good evening. I'm Joan Phelan, and I've lived on College
Avenue, this time, for about 28 years. I've seen a big change in the amount
of parking problems and the speed that people are driving on. I also have
my dentist here and my endodontist here, so I feel them thinking about
things. I came to really talk about our parking problem, but I can also see
we need them, we need dental health, oral health, all kinds of health
professionals in our neighborhood. We would really like to support them. I
wanted to tell you something that nobody's really talked about. It's the
double parking that happens because all the parking spaces are full. About
10:00 in the morning, all the spaces are gone. That's when we start seeing
Uber drivers and UPS trucks and everything double parking. Then, we have
two schools right across—one beside me and one across the street, Living
Wisdom and Casa dei Bambini. Those people are driving, letting their kids
off, trying to get around the double-parked cars. There's a real safety issue
that we're having in my end. When I walk over to Dr. Mulcahy's office, it's

                                                                      Page 90 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
