                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: We do? I did not notice that. Forget the vote. You guys
need to give me the speakers. Herb Borock on the Consent Calendar.

Herb Borock: (inaudible)

Mayor Scharff: It's pulled; you don't want to speak then. Kim Atkinson, do
you want to speak on Number 8? Go ahead.

Kim Atkinson, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 8: Good evening.
My name's Kim Atkinson. I'm a lifelong resident and homeowner in Palo
Alto. I raised my children here and went to the same schools they did.
Tonight, I wanted to speak to you about Item 8 regarding the property
above Arastradero Open Space Preserve at 670 Los Trancos. I'm glad it has
been removed because I was here to request that from the Consent
Calendar—that's terrific, thank you—so the public can hear a discussion
about this issue. This proposed development does not meet requirements
for our open space. As I understand it from the Palo Alto Municipal Code
open space review criteria, the proposed development at 670 Los Trancos is
unlawful for several reasons. Number 1, the main building is in clear sight of
the open space preserve. Palo Alto's open space criteria says that any
development should not be visually intrusive from public roadways or public
parklands. I brought some photographs with me—they're not prepared for
the screen—that I took when hiking in Arastradero last December. The
proposed property was flagged and marked and quite visible from the trail I
was on at acorn and meadowlark intersection at the top of the hill. The
second problem with this development is that it should be located away from
hilltops and designed to not extend above the nearest ridgeline. This is in
the review criteria. I have photos showing that this is highly visible from the
park. I'm also deeply concerned about the secondary dwelling that is
proposed for this property, which has been inaccurately labeled as an
accessory building.      It is surely not an accessory building with two
bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, dining room, and living room at 1,600
square feet. I'll just conclude by saying that for many reasons this proposed
development is unfair to the public, impedes on our open space, and seems
to me to be unlawful. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Bill Ross do you still want to speak on Item 9? I think he
left. We have Illya Mushovich [phonetic]. Do you want to speak on Item 9?
That's been continued to March 6. She must have left as well.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Number 7.

7.    Approval of a Regulatory Agreement, Declaration of Restrictive
      Covenants, and Option to Purchase for 3020-3038 Emerson Street
                                                                        Page 54 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
