                          TRANSCRIPT
maybe fill in the service gap that's left from the discontinuation of the 89
and the cutback on the 88.

Mayor Scharff: I would ask that you guys really do look at that. The
Research Park is obviously a huge job center. It would be great if we could
reduce congestion and frankly get your ridership up at the same time. I
think that's a win-win for everybody. To me there are a lot of technical
questions. If you do that, will you get the ridership? I would hope you
would. It is pretty clear we spend 7 percent of the sales tax. I would be
shocked if we get even three percent of the money spent up here. I do
think there is some fairness issues there, especially if there are opportunities
to reduce congestion. You just have to drive down Oregon Expressway and
Page Mill Road out from the Research Park to get a fairly good sense that
there's a lot of congestion relief that could occur on that road. I would
definitely encourage that. Obviously the Core Connectivity things that
Council Members have talked about, the Core Connectivity money are all
really important. I also would be a strong advocate for integration with
other transportation. I see you're integrating with BART. You had a slide on
that, how important it is. Obviously with our Marguerite shuttle, our other
shuttles, we are here at the end with SamTrans at our Transit Center as
much as possible. Also, I don't know where those buses come or where they
stop, but I do see all the Dumbarton express buses. I know that a lot of
people who live in the East Bay come work in the area here. The more we
can integrate and make that convenient for people would be really helpful.
What I'm looking for is a convenient, easy-to-use transportation system.
The headway stuff is really important, so I'm glad you're moving in that
direction.   That increases ridership, which is a win-win, and reduces
congestion for everyone while protecting the most vulnerable on the
paratransit, which you've talked about. With that, I wanted to thank you
very much. I did have one question on the light rail. You briefly mentioned
that you were looking at revamping the light rail. Did I miss that? There
was something you said about light rail.

Mr. Burger: There was a new route proposed. The orange line would go
across the top of the system as well as bringing the entire system up to 15-
minute frequent service all day. Currently, some portions of the system—
the green line that goes from Mountain View to Vasona—is at 30 minutes in
the midday.

Mayor Scharff: We had a presentation at the Cities Association on the light
rail not that long ago, by Nuria [phonetic]. It also looked like light rail was
not working. It looked like it was one of the least ridership systems in the
country, that it was a failed transit system. I was thinking we need to
revamp that as well. Anyway, thank you very much.
                                                                         Page 27 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
