                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: Mr. Clay, we haven't met before. I'm truly honored
to read your Proclamation just from doing a little bit of research. This is
honoring Roy Clay.       He read the proclamation into the record.
Congratulations, sir.

Roy Clay: Thank you kindly. I've spent many nights in this building, many
of which were enjoyable. I'm happy to come back after many years and to
see Palo Alto become the City it is. I just simply want to say thank you
kindly for recognizing me tonight. I'm happy to be here. Thank you.

Action Items

15.   TEFRA HEARING: Resolution 9672 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Regarding Conduit Financing for the Channing
      House Project Located at 850 Webster Street, Palo Alto, and Approving
      the Issuance of Revenue Bonds by the California Municipal Finance
      Authority for the Purpose of Financing and Refinancing the Acquisition,
      Construction, Equipping and Furnishing of Improvements to Channing
      House.”

Mayor Scharff: Now, we move to the main event of the night, the TEFRA
hearing. Does Staff have a presentation?

James Keene, City Manager:       A very quick comment, as I understand,
Mr. Mayor.

David Ramberg, Administrative Services Assistant Director: Good evening,
Mayor and members of the City Council. My name's David Ramberg,
Assistant Director of the Administrative Services Department and the lead
department on the TEFRA hearing. I want to provide one correction for the
record to the Staff Report on Page 2 of the Staff Report. This is Staff Report
7801.     Page 2, the second paragraph under discussion references a
publishing of a public notice. There's no date in there. The correct date for
the publishing of the public notice was March 3, 2017. It occurred in the
Palo Alto Weekly. I wanted to make that for the record. Thank you.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 6:45 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Now, we'll open the public hearing.
Do we have any speakers? Seeing no speakers, we'll then close the public
hearing. We come back to Council for Motions, comments, whatever you
want to do. I see no lights. It'd be nice if someone moved the Staff
recommendation.

Council Member Filseth: So moved.
                                                                           Page 12 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
