                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Scharff: I have a note here from Council Member Kniss, who has
been talking to Staff. Right?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I am the Vice Mayor.

Mayor Scharff: Right, Vice Mayor Kniss. Staff is interested in moving the
next item because of how late it's going. Was that correct? Do we want to
move forward on that? I'm conflicted out, so I'm not leading this thing. I
just thought we should have that discussion.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Certainly at the pleasure of the
Council, recognizing the hour, we have conferred and believe that the 27th
of February could be a viable alternative should the Council want to defer
discussion of the RPP. We are confronting a deadline for the transition to
the next phase of permit issuance. As such, would like to get this item
discussed and directed from the Council as soon as possible.         Again
recognizing the hour and desire to maximize the effectiveness of the input
you receive.

Council Member DuBois:    Could we hear public comment with people that
are here?

Mayor Scharff: That would be my suggestion. When we finish this item,
whoever who wants to speak and stay could give public comment. I will
leave the dais, turn it over to Vice Mayor Kniss, and then we could take
public comment. We would move it if that's the pleasure of the Council. I
think we need a motion to continue—to hear public comment and then
continue the item to February 27th or is it a Motion to a date uncertain?

Mr. Shikada: You can do that at that time, either at the beginning of the
item or after.

Mayor Scharff: We'll do that. We'll let that happen then. I just wanted to
inform the people here. When we move it to another date, you don't have
to speak tonight. You can, obviously, speak. If you speak tonight, you
probably can't speak then. That's normally the way we do it. Was that clear
to everyone? For public comment, when we get to that item when this is
done, if you want to stay tonight and give public comment on the RPP,
you're welcome to. If you want to come back when we hear it—Staff was
talking about February 27th—you'll be able to—Neilson, you're not
recognized right now. You'll be able to speak again. You'll be able to speak
then as opposed to now. I hope that was clear. Council Member Holman.

                                                                     Page 83 of 127
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 2/13/17
