                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I'd appreciate it.

Mr. Petersen-Perez: Number 5, just a little background. I was the pension
analyst and administrator for AT&T, so I think I know what I talk about when
it comes to financing pensions and things of this nature. This is a recipe for
disaster, because in reality I have projected that CalPERS is going to
implode. All of that responsibility for this huge liability is going to fall on the
shoulders of the taxpayers. It's nasty, let me tell you. However, there are
ways that we can lessen the burden, but I tell you as an accountant you
need to kind of look at things that perhaps can lessen the burden. Cutting
expenses would be one thing. Back in 2011, I looked at the overtime just
for police officers, and that was $1.2 million, $1.2 million. That's a lot of
money as far as overtime is concerned. I would think that, Jim, you would
talk to whoever the Police Chief is and look at these expenses, because
that's really a big expense on your P&L, as far as I'm concerned. Onto
Dennis Burns and Bob Beacom. As the Police Chief, I think that he did a
remarkable job. He really did. At the same time, I think the press had
glowing remarks with respect to Dennis Burns. In reality, Martin Luther King
said this, it's not where you stand in times of comfort; it's where you stand
in times of controversy. Dennis Burns didn't address controversy at Khan
and Lee, the beating of Albert Hopkins, the coerced false confession of Jorge
Hernandez. He didn't talk about that. The one that just really got to me
was Louis Verbea [phonetic], and he was the sex detective that pulled over
unsuspecting female drivers here in the City of Palo Alto and raped them in
the back seat of his car. You know what? He got a $250 fine, six months in
jail. The sentencing judge was his motorcycle buddy. He didn't allow
members of the press to interview Louis. By the way, he's a registered sex
offender for life, but he's not on Megan's List. He got out of that. What
really bothers me is Bob Beacom and Dennis Burns didn't talk about these
controversial issues. It's important to each and every one of us. That's
what is truly tragic. I'm hoping that the new Police Chief will really address
issues here at City Council, have meetings with the public to talk about
crime trends in our community, because it's important. I'm hoping that City
Council will take that into consideration and really hold everyone that's on
the police force accountable for their actions. It's important. It develops
trust in all of us as members of the community. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff:     Thank you.      Roger Kohler to be followed by Nicholas
Kaposhilin.

Roger Kohler, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: Good evening,
Council Members. I'm Roger Kohler, the architect working with the owners
for the Louis Road/California Avenue coverage. There's been a lot of talk
about the basements and how much they are going to be to the neighbors.
                                                                           Page 43 of 122
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/23/17
