                           TRANSCRIPT
be coming to you this year. The S/CAP itself, we'll be bringing back some
pretty detailed SIPS as we call them, strategic implementation plans, which
will actually be dealing with what it will take to make some progress over the
next three years. I've been talking with our Staff a little bit about us being a
Cool, Smart City. We spent last year working through a collaborative
approach with our Staff team on Smart City initiatives, how we really
position ourselves to use technology as best as possible, a lot of strategic
ways to improve services and livability in our City. I didn't want to lose sight
of that and just focus on a top-down organizational piece, so I offset this
with what is happening with the Cool Block, more of a grassroots uprising
from neighbors, to really add to what our neighborhood groups already do as
far as making our City the great place it is to live. I will end with just this,
which is after all those projects, let's just not forget what is the City but the
people. Let's have fun in 2017, echoing the Mayor's comments the other
night. That's the end of my presentation.

Mayor Scharff: We don't have any public comment, do we? No. We're back
to Council for any questions, comments.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Could I say one thing?

Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Jim, I think this is very helpful, very comprehensive. I
presume you're going to get it out. It'll be on our website and so forth?

Mr. Keene: Yes, we will.

Vice Mayor Kniss: In that form?

Mr. Keene: Yes.

Vice Mayor Kniss:     It's very encouraging to see us moving in a positive
direction.

Mr. Keene: It's exciting, isn't it?

Vice Mayor Kniss: Good for you and the Staff.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no further comments, we'll move to the Special
Orders of the Day.




                                                                          Page 13 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
