                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Wolfgang Dueregger followed Jack Morton.

Wolfgang Dueregger: Good evening. My name is Wolfgang Dueregger, and
I live in Evergreen Park. For the record, I want to read you a letter that was
addressed to City Council from a business owner on California Avenue. Hello
Council Members. I own a technology business that employs 85 people who
put in full days from 8:00 to 7:00 regularly in our location on California
Avenue. I recently became aware of a proposal to completely eliminate
parking options from around California Avenue and was completely in shock.
Let me first describe to you the state of parking without the restriction. The
current parking options around California Avenue are severely limited. They
are first, you can wait 1 1/2 to 2 years to receive a parking permit that
allows you to park in the 2-hour limit areas. Second, you can park in the
Evergreen Park neighborhood where there is no time limit, where it's still
about a 5-10 minute walk to the office, but definitely bearable. Less than
five people at our office have actually received a parking permit option,
number one above, and the majority are in various states in the queue. The
majority of the office including myself park in the Evergreen Park
neighborhood. The issue with parking in the neighborhood is that it gets
completely full by around 8:45 a.m., forcing you to drive farther and farther
away. When the new Visa office opened, we were terrified after we heard
there was only 100 parking spots under the building to support 300 new
people. The situation has only become worse. In fact, it's so hard to find
parking for our employees that the more risk-tolerant have resorted to a
new, internally built system where employees park in the 2-hour spots closer
to Cal. Avenue without a permit. One person is assigned to watch the lot for
the meter maid. As soon as the meter maid enters the lot an alarm is
sounded in the office, so people have time to run out and move their cars to
the new spot before tickets are doled out. That actually was also referenced
in the New York Times. Very briefly, please enforce this Parking Permit
Program where there is no gaming allowed, no re-parking in Zones A, B, C.
Please give us also a TMA like Downtown and a phase-out of the permits.
Maybe you can review it in August coinciding with your reviews of the
Downtown Permit Parking Program. Thank you. Sorry for the overtime.

Mayor Scharff: Jack Morton to be followed by Jeff Levinsky.

Jack Morton: Good evening, Council Members. I'm here to speak on behalf
of the California Avenue business community. What's so special about
California Avenue, Mayfield and Evergreen Park is that we were a
community. We were a community until we just got overloaded by the
overbuild at Stanford. Things aren't going to get better. We're grateful that
you approved 250 and that the residents supported us, because we loved
our area before it became intolerable and impossible. The only solution is to
                                                                       Page 92 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
