                          TRANSCRIPT
allowed for single-family homes or duplexes in residential districts unless the
building permit plans have been approved for the replacement project. The
next one is the deferral of the Director's decision. On a case-by-case
application, projects with multiple entitlements, where one is required to
have Council action, can be packaged together and forwarded to City Council
for review and action. This allows the Council to consider all of the project
components together when making a decision for a project. Additionally,
we've added provisions to give the Director some latitude to forward other
projects to Council if deemed appropriate. This is also an existing practice
that we just need to codify. Again, for the at-places memo, there was an
attachment to that that provided some additional parcel information for the
specific lots identified as small lot consolidation opportunities. This is really
(inaudible) to what we're talking about now. The new language is to comply
with the Housing Element Program H-2.1.9, where the City is to provide
incentives to encourage consolidation of small housing inventory sites to
develop affordable housing. We have 27 parcels currently identified as these
consolidation opportunity parcels. Twenty-one of them are located in the
RT-35 zone district; we have two in the CD; and we have four in the CS
zone. These are shown on Attachment F. There's a map provided for you
that shows these parcels. In the Ordinance language, Staff has outlined a
number of development requirements in order to qualify for the proposed
incentives. Two examples just to share with you. For a mixed-use project,
for example, it's an 85-percent requirement that the floor area must be
devoted to the residential component of the project. A second example is
that the affordable units must be deed restricted for 30 years minimum.
The incentives proposed to comply with our Housing Element include
reducing guest parking by 30 percent; eliminating parking for residential
units that are 500 square feet or less; streamlining the planning review
process for the design review and for the subdivision; and waiving the
planning entitlement fees. The next amendment is related to when a
transportation demand management plan is required for a project. In
consultation with our Chief Transportation Official, we've developed these
thresholds for a TDM plan. The first one is for when a project generates 100
or more new peak weekend or weekday trips; that would require a TDM
plan. Secondly, if the applicant is requesting a parking reduction or needs to
support some lower trip generation figures, we also need a TDM plan to
review and confirm that information. In addition, we've also modified the
language for monitoring requirements to be every 3 years instead of once
every 5 years or once after the first 5 years—that's a new one—and to add
possible penalties for a TDM noncompliance. The last one, we are proposing
two amendments to the automobile dealership overlay. The first one is to
exempt floor area used for customer vehicle queuing for service drop-off
from the floor area ratio calculations. The second one is to exempt floor
area used for required parking related to service areas from the floor area
                                                                         Page 57 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
