                          TRANSCRIPT
sleep. If it wasn't for family in this area, I'd consider moving. We didn't
choose to live in San Jose or San Francisco. This was Palo Alto; this was my
town. If the Council can't get behind all these people that are being affected
by this, I don't even know what it's for. This is a serious issue that affects
us all. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Neilson Buchanan.

Rita Vrhel: Good morning. I certainly just wanted to second what that
gentleman said with such great passion. I'm not as affected by the airplane
noise, but I do hear it at 3:00 in the morning, 6:00 in the morning, 1:00 in
the morning, 11:00 at night, all day, 24/7. What I wanted to speak about
was the quality of life in the City of Palo Alto. I think we're going to find that
the survey you're going to review shows a decrease in the number of
residents who are happy with the way Palo Alto is going. I think there's a lot
of quality of life issues like Code enforcement, traffic violations, noise
violations including the airplanes, assessing and collecting appropriate
fines—speaking there about the dewatering—adhering to project plans,
conditional use permits like in Castilleja, and conditions of approval. The
other thing I think would be so simple to solve would be something that
affects us all every day, and that is the gas-powered leaf blowers. I know
that you have to call a policeman at this time. They try to come out, but
they probably have more important things to do than cite leaf-blower
violators. What I'm wondering is if the City can consider a pilot program
where residents could take the name of the leaf-blowing company and the
license plate of the car and the time and date, how long it lasts, and submit
this to the City. I really think that most of the people that are violating this
rule do not know it. I think most of the gardeners are very hard-working,
responsible individuals. If someone were to simply just call them up and
say, "Do you know that this law exists for, I think, more than 5 years, and
could you please stop doing it?" I think that would be a very effective way
to solve this problem very quickly. It's not as bad as the jet noise, but it
bothers many people because they know it's against the law. We either
have laws or we don't. The other thing I think the City should look into is
the conditional use permits for the tech buildings Downtown. I believe I
have heard that many of them instead of having one person per—the
amount of office space, I think it's 100 square feet—have a lot of cubicles
that are less than that. If they have more people than they're allowed in the
building, that impacts traffic, congestion and everything else. Good luck on
all these problems. I'd also like to invite everyone to come to the 2/27,
Monday, City Council meeting where the 2016 and '17 rules for groundwater
extraction during residential basement construction will be discussed and
implemented. This is a very important issue in the City. If you're tired of
seeing your groundwater going down the drain, please join us. Thank you.
                                                                             Page 5 of 75
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/28/17
