                          TRANSCRIPT
provided to us by you already—to expanding the peak hours. As I was on
Page Mill Road at 2:40 in the afternoon coming east, not even going west,
watching the traffic going west, I was astounded at how far it backs up.
From 280, it backed up all the way to Foothill, and then there was like a
block and a half break, and then it was backed up all the way again almost
to El Camino at 2:40 in the afternoon. Expanding the peak hours, I think, is
essential to understanding traffic management and traffic demand
management. You are in a unique position, as has well been stated, that
you can take a comprehensive look at that. Also having to do with that, is
there going to be any peer review of TDM success? It's not to question
Stanford's capability, but I think it's just a good community standard that
when anybody comes forward with a project or proposal, whether they do
the consultant report or whether the City provides it, one or the other
provides peer review. I think it's a good community foundation to indicate
how peer review will be done to determine the success of TDM programs. I
know you'll be looking at—I can skip that one.         The housing, I'd be
interested in understanding, as a part of the EIR, whether the housing is
going to be built ahead of the demand that more academic buildings will
create, how the housing will or will not be provided to, at least first access,
workers, staff, and teachers. That would be Stanford staff. As a part of the
EIR, please lead the way—Palo Alto has not been good at this—to count as a
part of your Environmental Impact Report what the greenhouse gas impacts
are of construction and demolition. It's a real, measurable thing, and I
would appreciate Stanford leading the way on that as we look to you to lead
many things. I may be close to … I know you'll be looking at ways to
expand access to the campus through whether express buses from the East
Bay—you'll be looking at all those different measures. There is something—I
had mentioned this to you guys when we met previously. Because Stanford
had an impact and would continue to have an impact on College Terrace
and, perhaps to a lesser extent, on Evergreen Park, Stanford is part of the
last—one of the earlier proposals contributed $100,000 to a study of traffic
impacts in College Terrace. After that, a study was conducted and an RPP
put in place in College Terrace. That need was determined, and the City
now funds that on an annual basis. I think it's reasonable to ask Stanford to
help pay for that annual RPP program—that's a little bit redundant—the RPP
in College Terrace and perhaps to a lesser extent in Evergreen Park. Surely
if we go back to former data, we can determine what a reasonable share of
that might be. I think those are my points. Thank you so very much.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Hi. Thanks very much, folks, for coming out and
doing this and spending this evening with us. I had a couple of questions
about the housing. There's 3,150 units, of which 550 are earmarked for
                                                                        Page 29 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
