                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Dan Garber to be followed by our final speaker,
Joe Hirsch.

Dan Garber: Dan Garber, Co-Chair of the CAC. Just a couple of topics. The
Co-Chair and I—Arthur Keller and I have submitted a letter, which you have
received. I'd like to thank Council Member Wolbach for reconsidering his
position on the location of the programs in the Comp Plan. If the Council
decides to not do that, we also suggest that the Council consider how the
CAC should be used going forward. We would recommend further work by
the CAC to support the Council in working through the programs and
policies, potentially reconsidering which are to be in which bucket.
Regardless of which way the Council goes, I would appreciate some
discussion around how the Council would like to utilize the CAC's efforts,
particularly in regards to prioritization of the programs and policies that are
in place. We've assumed that we should be doing that. If you have other
thoughts that we should not be or ways that we should be directing our
focus, I'd appreciate some comments regarding those topics. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Our final speaker, Joe Hirsch.

Joe Hirsch: Mr. Mayor and City Council Members, I had not planned to
speak tonight, but a couple of comments caught my ear. Yes, we are
looking for leadership, thoughtful, sound leadership going forward. Another
person mentioned focusing on people's needs. We need to focus on the
needs of the current residents who are here now. More and more people
bring more and more cars. No matter what people say, you need a car in
this area.    You can use traffic every now and—mass transit, trains,
whatever—then, but ultimately you will fall back on a car. That leads to
greater and greater congestion as I found out driving to the city three times
in the past week. I couldn't believe how bad it was. It started out being
bad in Palo Alto and then all the way up to the city. Fix the traffic and
parking problems first if you can. Have a plan in place that will mitigate the
problems we have now, and then gradually expand housing to the extent it
can be accommodated without adversely affecting the quality of life for all of
us, those who are here now and those who will come afterwards. I feel that
we're at a tipping point. I've always said this area, since I've been here
since 1972, is paradise. I am very fearful we are going to paradise lost. We
need thoughtful leadership about how we can grow without ruining what we
already have. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:31 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we'll return to Council. We're going to
take up Item Number 4 on the Staff Report, which is Packet Page 300 for the

                                                                            Page 44 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
