                          TRANSCRIPT
having four or five this year because a couple of them—like the
Comprehensive Plan and infrastructure, we're so far down the road
accomplishing them anyway, I'd be okay with that. One of the things having
to—just one quick point I will make about transportation under the built
environment. I seriously think and especially after hearing the comments
made by VTA at our Study Session that we ought to pursue backfill funding
from VTA if they do indeed cut bus service in Palo Alto.

      Built Environment:        Housing    and    parking,   livability/mobility/
      transportation

      Healthy City/healthy Community continue for 1 more year

      Long term staffing strategy

      Living up to city promises and agreements…have 4 or 5 priorities

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Adrian.

Council Member Fine: Just at a high level, when I think about Priorities, I
actually think of two or three. That's what I would be supportive of, keeping
them narrow and just a few of them. I'm also (inaudible) surprisingly. I'm
probably not going to support the built environment as one of our Priorities.
I think that is way too big of a grab bag if we're talking about housing,
parking, mobility, livability. That's half the City. We would do ourselves well
by splitting that apart. The three I've got on here are roughly what I'm
going to go with. I believe mobility options or call it transportation is
extraordinarily important. Perhaps I might even agree with Council Member
Holman. It may be more important in some regards than housing. That
means working with VTA on their changes this year, looking at bike paths,
technology for parking, our shuttle system, paratransit, the whole range, the
whole suite of mobility options that our residents and folks coming to this
City to work can use. Second topic or Priority for me is housing. It's a little
more self-explanatory. It could be affordable housing; it could be market-
rate housing; it could be backyard units; it could be in-law units; it could be
rentals, a whole range of things there I don't believe our City has done
enough on that. The third one is where I'm a little more flexibility. Right
now, I've got listed smart, efficient, experimental City which is personal
important to me and is really part of Palo Alto's life blood. As I look at other
Council Members' options, the one where I see some overlap in a way are
the topics of infrastructure, financial health and maybe even the
Comprehensive Plan. I don't see any other folks supporting a smart,
efficient, experimental City. To me, I just will signal that infrastructure and
finance might be good substitutes in my opinion for that. Those are my
three.
                                                                          Page 54 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
