                          TRANSCRIPT
party this weekend? Please use a non-drinking driver and be sure to
properly inflate your tires." Just to let you know that our Police Department
has a good sense of humor. Let me go back for a second. There are other
pop-up issues. You could think of many that really weren't on the—
dewatering is something that really escalated as a community concern that
took a lot of time. The CineArts departure, the minimum wage issue. Even
though it wasn't a lot, the welcoming community concern and the Council
Resolution. We may have many more things like that that come forward in
the coming year. Other notable deliverables. We started off the year with
the Sustainability/Climate Action Plan Summit, where the Council ultimately
enhanced our Climate Action Plan goal with a target of an 80-percent
reduction by 2030. The CAC continued their work on the Comprehensive
Plan. The Council itself reviewed three sections of the Plan in 2016. In
other areas, the Council adopted the Professorville Design Guidelines, an
update for Architectural Review findings.          We updated the Planning
Department user fees to align with the City's cost recovery policy. We
updated impact fee calculations, got Council approval for concept plans for
four additional bike boulevards. You can see the Bike Pedestrian Plan
advancing.     We received grants totaling $6 million for pedestrian and
streetscape improvements on El Camino Real. Actually, what I think was
just an amazing accomplishment really by all, we worked out an agreement
that was acceptable to both CPI, the neighbors and the City relating to the
ultimate departure of that use from the community. Other notable issues
are our TDM and Transportation Management Agency.               Efforts inched
forward. It's a challenging issue for us. We did put a lot of effort into
parking and those sorts of things. We commenced Phase Two of the
Downtown RPP program. We also completed traffic signal upgrades Citywide
and updated signal timing on San Antonio, Middlefield, Embarcadero, Bryant
and others. We finished the successful first review cycle on the City's
interim annual limit on the office and R&D development in the fastest-
changing areas of the City. You see the picture of the golf course under
construction.     That began along with the San Francisquito project
construction, a project that has been in the works for well over 10 years,
under way. Additionally in the realm of infrastructure-related issues, one of
your Priorities. Just as it relates to paving, we reached a score of 83 for our
Pavement Condition Index. We expect to reach 84 by next year. If you
recall the conditions in the County Measure B, any city with an 85 or higher
Pavement Condition Index will be able to use those funds provided in that
portion of the Countywide bond measure for any transportation need that we
see. We now have the best street condition of all cities in Santa Clara
County. We completed the Blue Ribbon Committee process, recommending
new storm water management fees. We did complete the first year Pilot
Study of requirements on the basement dewatering, began construction on
the final two of seven capital projects from the 2005 storm drain fee
                                                                          Page 7 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
