                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Stephen Levy to be followed by Elaine Uang.

Mr. Levy: I think on behalf of all of us, thank you again for allowing all of us
to speak early. Three topics: positive engagement seeking opportunities
with Stanford; action on your fourth Priority from the Retreat about the fiscal
health; a general attitude of flexibility in a Plan that goes to 2030 in times
and situations we can't possibly anticipate. It has to be true that if you're
thinking of housing opportunities or opportunities where TDM programs are
likely to succeed, they are on City lands owned and operated by Stanford. I
think a positive attitude like we had with the Medical Center can bring
benefits to everybody including a good chunk of money to help us with
infrastructure. You have a bunch of land use policies about that. Fiscal is
one sentence. Fiscal impacts are all through your land use. If we're
thinking about the City Budget, hotels are the first thing that come to mind,
but all of those policies are made better by land use choices that raise
revenue. Last, be flexible where you can. Restricting things, not knowing
what's going to happen in 15 years, is just against everything I know as a
long-term regional planner. Flexibility, I think, is a watch word.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Elaine Uang to be followed by Olya Kransykh.

Elaine Uang: Hi, good evening. I am Elaine Uang. I am a member of the
CAC, but I'm speaking tonight as an individual. These thoughts are my own.
I want to just thank you all for reviewing this. This is an incredibly complex
document. It's very detailed. A lot of work has gone. I sit on the
transportation subcommittee for the CAC, and I think the product that you're
seeing for the Transportation Element is actually quite good. I was not able
to weigh in as much on land use, and I just want to share a few thoughts
with you and push for some of these Staff options that have been outlined in
the Report. Regarding land use housing sites, the Stanford Shopping Center
and Town and Country are probably the two priorities that we should really
consider. They're close to services and very transit accessible. I think next
would be to consider SRP and the Stanford Research Park-El Camino
corridor, which is adjacent to California Avenue. Reconsidering San Antonio
sites is also a good idea, since it's now very close and adjacent to North
Bayshore, and we know what Mountain View is going to be doing in that
area. I would also like to echo Steve Levy's comments about flexibility, in
particular on height limits but also density limits for housing. Let's think the
Hotel President on University Avenue, which is basically the only housing
project we have on University. It's 7 stories tall, 192 units per acre. Let's
also think a little bit more about potential multifamily sites. Can we think
about existing multiuse family designations? Is RM-15 the right thing or can
it shift to RM-20 or RM-30 just to allow one or two smaller units on the same
parcel? Can we think about R-2 lots that might be bigger, near Downtown,
                                                                         Page 14 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
