                          TRANSCRIPT
encourage everyone to visit Nicaragua because it is an awesome country.
I'll be talking a little bit more on ROR because I've had incredible
investments down there. I have a few things to say about Nicaragua later
on as well. Thank you very much. I've really enjoyed coming before the
City Council. Congratulations, Greg.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mr. Petersen-Perez: I really appreciate that.

Mayor Scharff:   Congratulations to you too.     Rita Vrhel to be followed by
Brent Han.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. I wanted to also speak to the City Council
Retreat this Saturday. I believe the City website has it starting at 9:00.
Perhaps that could be corrected. The Agenda is not up yet per the City
Clerk. I do invite everyone to come and voice their concerns to the City
Council. The other thing I wanted to say was that the Public Works
recommendations for dewatering for 2017 and '18 have been moved to
February 23rd. Last week, I announced that it was on February 13th, but
it's now on February 23rd. Please check the City website to find out the
time. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Brent Han to be followed by Kerry Yarkin.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, while they're coming up, I'll just
clarify that the 8:30 start time is just the assembly and coffee and that sort
of thing. The actual meeting will kick off at 9:00. Thanks.

Brent Han: I'd just like to introduce myself. My name is Brent. I'm a
member of the Gunn High Investigative Medicine or IMED club. The reason
we are here today is to present our work on the issue of groundwater
contamination here in Palo Alto. As some of you may know, Palo Alto is
home to many, many different companies, which have used different
chemicals such as TCE, for industrial solvents. The only problem is TCE is an
established carcinogen according to the EPA. Our worry is that these VOCs
or volatile organic compounds can actually expand beyond the current
testing areas established by agencies. To reiterate, my name is Brent. I'm
here on behalf of the Gunn IMED club. We're here to present our work on
trichloroethylene or TCE. We are here to lobby the City Council to adopt a
vapor intrusion policy, which will require testing over buildings that are being
built on top of these toxic plumes.         We have released a petition on
change.org asking the City Council to adopt a vapor intrusion policy as
quickly as possible. I would like to take a moment to thank the CTRE today,
which have agreed to support our petition. If they could please just stand
                                                                         Page 35 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
