                          TRANSCRIPT
Esther Nigenda: Thank you, Council Members and City Staff. I want to
second other speakers' comments on the need for Code enforcement and to
tie this end with several Council Members' concerns about confidence in our
local government. The two are linked, and Code enforcement or the lack of
it is directly observed by our citizens on a daily basis. A couple of examples
of lack of Code enforcement are the conditional use permit for Castilleja and
the lack of a fine, which was approved by not implemented, for the
developers who dewatered for longer than the permitted 10 weeks in 2016.
If City Council thinks an issue, any issue, is important enough to consider
and/or regulate, it is important to make sure there is follow-through. Doing
this would increase residents' confidence in City government. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Rita Vrhel.

Rita Vrhel: I hope somebody claps for me. Sorry. Looking at this list, I
think there's several things that are very important to me. I hope the City
takes time to just stop and evaluate the traffic problems that have been
caused by the over-building of office space.          This seems like it has
diminished the quality of our Downtown. I never go there any more, except
to the Stanford Theatre. It's just too hard. It also has caused overflow
traffic into many of the neighborhoods that previously weren't affected and
now are looking at how do you get across the street because there's so
much traffic.      Even I personally had someone drive their car across
Middlefield on Everett at a high speed from a stop because she couldn't see
the oncoming traffic. I crashed into her; it wasn't my fault, but it ruined my
car. That was a real personal loss to me. I think this is happening more and
more. I hear that Lincoln Avenue is used as a conduit down to the freeway
to bypass University Avenue. Many of the office building projects approved
in the last couple of years have been significantly under-parked. We have
transportation mitigation programs of which I have never seen any data as
to whether they have been implemented and what the implementation has
actually produced. To say, like for the Olive Garden project, that the
building or the employer or whoever is going to give Caltrain passes and
under-park the project really is not doing any good for the citizens of Palo
Alto. The second thing I want to say, as a private person not representing
Save Palo Alto's Groundwater, is when you're talking about housing
affordability, when basements continue to be allowed at 2,000 to 3,000
square feet, you are significantly decreasing affordable housing.          I've
actually tracked this over the last 2 years. You will have a $2 million
housing, which I know sounds extravagant. Someone will buy that house;
they will tear it down even though it's in perfectly good condition. They will
build two stories and then put a full basement underneath. That house will
go from $2 million to $8 million. That house is not available to probably

                                                                         Page 48 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
