                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Next, we'll do the—you wanted to speak?

Council Member Tanaka: Assembly Member Berman, we had the privilege of
serving together on the IBRC. I knew back then you were going to go far.
You did amazing work on IBRC. I know you're going to do amazing work in
Sacramento. Thank you so much for stepping up to the plate and serving
us. I really appreciate it.

Mayor Scharff: Anyone else? No.

3.   Resolution 9655 Entitled, “Resolution of the City Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Expressing Appreciation to Patrick Burt for his Outstanding
     Public Service as Council Member and Mayor.”

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll do the Resolution for Patrick Burt, our Former
Mayor. Karen, would you like to read that?

Council Member Holman: It would be my honor to do so. Thank you. She
read the Resolution into the record. I'd like to make just a few comments, if
I could, just a few personal comments.

Mayor Scharff: Go right ahead.

Council Member Holman: Today happens to be my birthday, and I'm going
to put something. Somebody left me a little present today at my doorstep.
Many people know what this is about. This is a little donkey. I've known Pat
for some 20 years, 20-plus years probably. We go back to the University
South neighborhood association. We worked together on both SOFA I and
SOFA II.     We were colleagues and allies often on the Planning and
Transportation Commission. We've been allies often and colleagues on the
City Council. Much of that time, we've also been friends. I really appreciate
that relationship. I'm sure it will be an ongoing relationship. I also more
recently for the representatives from Barron Park neighborhood and for the
City more broadly appreciate both Pat's and Sally Bemus' support and
participation in helping to bring Perry back to Palo Alto. I did note that it
also made one of the more uplifting comments in the Palo Alto Weekly for
the yearend comments. Pat, hee haw.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Dubois: I just briefly want to say        Pat's really been a
resource for me, somewhat of a mentor. You've been      really generous with
your time and your ideas. I just wanted to thank you    for that. Don't be a
stranger. I hope it's a friendship we can maintain.      Thank you for your
many, many years of community service.
                                                                        Page 12 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/03/17
