                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine:     This is to allow the employee permits to be
transferrable among employees of the same business.

Council Member Holman: Second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to add to the Motion, “allow employee permits to be shared between
employees of the same business.” (New Part H)

Mayor Scharff: You want to speak to your second?

Council Member Holman: Yeah. It's actually one of the points. If I could
put a punctuation on this. When the Colleagues' Memo was originally
written, it was for also not just the permits that would be sold in the
neighborhoods but also the permits within the district.           Your prior
Amendment was talking about streamlining getting permits. One of the
things that would facilitate the employees being able to get permits is if they
could share them within the district. Right now, if you're an employee of a
company and you leave, the next employee that comes along and takes your
place has to go to the end of the waiting list. If an employer has four
permits that they can share among employees, it's a lot more expeditious.
If it's like Downtown—I think it is—a permit is assigned to a specific garage.
If that employee doesn't come that day, then there's a place left open. It's
not even very efficient, it doesn't seem.

Ms. Gitelman: Through the Mayor, if I can just clarify. I think we're talking
about two separate things, garage permits and RPP permits. I think we've
recommended stickers for employees just to reduce the kind of opportunity
for fraud. We want an employee, not an employer, to purchase the sticker.
If they're a low-income worker, obviously they show us documentation for
them, not for someone else in their company. It's kind of a different issue if
you want us, in the context of the review for streamlining for garage
permits, to look at that. We could think about that. Those are really two
separate issues.

Council Member Holman: If you're talking about sharing permits that are
part of the RPP Program and it's a sticker on the car, how do you share?
You can't.

Ms. Gitelman: That's what I'm saying. In the RPP Program, we don't allow
sharing of employee permits. We have these daily hangtags, which is the
way employers get some flexibility. If they have someone coming for an
interview or something, they get one of these daily hangtags. The employer
permits are generally these stickers that are affixed to the cars.

                                                                       Page 113 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
