                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Can we get the language up there? I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
direct Staff to include in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan Update, a
new program to eliminate housing sites along San Antonio Road and
increase residential densities in Downtown and the California Avenue Area to
replace potential units on the sites eliminated.

Council Member DuBois: I think I spoke to it already.

Mayor Scharff:   Why don't you speak again?      I don't remember what you
said.

Council Member DuBois: Again, we've talked about this one multiple times.
There's a lot in the Comp Plan about encouraging housing near mass transit.
The San Antonio section is pretty far from current schools. It's not really
served by transit. It's also our last nursery, our last semi-industrial area in
the City. We've discussed this, I think, multiple times over the last two
years, to look at moving the sites in our current Housing Element to
Downtown and to Cal. Ave., which is what this is saying.

Mayor Scharff: I'll support that. As the seconder, we've had several
discussions—this goes back, I believe, when Karen and me were on the
RHNA Housing Committee back in 2012, I think, or '13. I think it was '12
that we started talking about this. Council's talked about this for a long
time, about moving those sites over. There has been—that would actually
be a change in where we've been thinking about that. I don't think this is
being anti-housing or anything. We've talked about keeping the same
number of units in the Housing Element or even increasing it at other times.
We've been looking at other housing sites, but those are probably not the
best housing sites. I've got Council Member Holman. No, okay. Council
Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I understand the principle here. I'm not ready to
ban housing along San Antonio corridor. This Comp Plan is going to last a
long time. We don't know what ABAG and MTC and RHNA are going to come
back with in the future. I think it's too constricted to ban it at this point.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: For consistency, I'm going to vote no. I don't think you'll
be surprised. I voted no on this before. I think there is still some good
housing sites along San Antonio Road. The Green House, which is right on
the corner of San Antonio and Middlefield does very well. They have—I've
forgotten how many units—I think 200 units. People certainly like to live
                                                                        Page 71 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
