                         TRANSCRIPT
had the density bonus different for commercial and for housing, if you had
the height limit different for commercial and for housing, you'd get more of
what you want because commercial always wants more because they can
make more money. That's just natural. That's not—there's no sin in that.
What you want is for people to be housed. I believe that if you work on
small is beautiful and having the companies build at least one bedroom for
each person, that means SRO units. What I'm here to tell you is that they
could be really pretty, and they could be something that you could be proud
of. We've got Marc up in the State Legislature, and they could change that
density bonus. I'd recommend that we ask him to do that. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bertha Petersen-Perez.

Bertha Petersen-Perez (Mark Petersen-Perez): Bertha Petersen-Perez could
not make it here this evening. As counsel, she's my client, and I'll be
representing her. This would be Petersen-Perez versus Assistant Police Chief
Patty Lum. If you throw the picture of my mother up on the wall, please, up
on the screen. This is my mother at 92 years old. My mother was 80 when
abused by Patty Lum. As you know, she's the Interim Police Chief. There
really should be no police officer anywhere across the nation that should be
abusing anyone, our youth, our teenagers, and especially our most
vulnerable, my mother. I'm going to show beyond all reasonable doubt that
Patty Lum abused my mother. In the next video that you're going to be
seeing, it's going to tell you the voice of several young people and what they
had to say concerning the abuse that police officers potentially can meet out.
Could you show the video please? [Video shown.] Back in 2004, Patty Lum
abused my mother. I'm sure that anyone here in the court of opinion would
probably be very angry about that and would be standing here just like me.
I believe, Council Members, that Patty Lum should be summarily terminated
this evening. She needs to turn her badge in now along with her sidearm,
and someone in payroll issue her an immediate check. Again, no police
officers should abuse an older individual, especially my mom. There will be
more in the future on this subject. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Dr. Eric Wu.

Dr. Eric Wu: Evening, Mayor and Council Members. I'm an orthodontist in
the Evergreen Park area and wanted to speak to you this evening about
some concerns that I have about the current iteration of the proposed RPP
program in Evergreen Park. As dentists, local healthcare providers, we are
resident-serving businesses that are really about working with the residents
of the immediate community. We really want to work with the residents in
the immediate neighborhoods to open up conversations about the issues
we're having with the parking situation. As local small business owners,

                                                                       Page 38 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
