                          TRANSCRIPT
happen or not. As most everyone here may not know, there's electrification
of Caltrain that's coming about. I was just at the meeting on Thursday.
That's starting to go through. The ship has almost sailed in terms of could
we ever think about undergrounding Caltrain or High Speed Rail. Let's think
about why would we even want to do that. First all, when those gates go
down during rush hour, when the train goes by, it creates massive traffic
jams. We all complain about traffic; it's a big problem. When there's an
accident on those tracks, we've seen how we have carmageddon. We have
the most terrible traffic jams you could imagine. With electrification, you're
going to have more frequent trains; the gates are going to down more often.
We're going to have more traffic. For us, if we want to actually underground
Caltrain, now's the time. Now's the time to actually figure out whether we
could do it or not. Why would we want to do that versus—first of all, grade
separations are actually very, very necessary. Measure B is actually going
to fund a lot of this. If we just take the train at-grade right now, the big
problem with that is what happens during the construction time. You have
all these intersections that are going to be blocked. It's going to cause an
incredible amount of disruption.       If we actually are able to massively
increase the revenue in the City, which I think we can, then we could
actually fund a tunnel through the City so that we don't have this massive
disruption when this thing's being built. With regular grade separations, we
have to shut down intersections, which is going to cause a lot of challenges.
What happens if we actually are able to recover the land on top of the
railroad tracks right now? We would have more land for parks. Instead of
having a freight train running down and blowing his horn at 1:00 in the
morning, you have a park nearby. Which one is nicer? I think more people
know. Or housing. We don't have a lot of land in this City. This would
create land for that. There's also the safety and suicides. It's tragic what
has happened in our community. This is something that is far better than
just having crossing guards 24/7 at the intersections. I was talking to one
of the Council Members from Mountain View; I carpooled back with him from
the Caltrain meeting. He was talking about how far ahead Mountain View is
compared to us in terms of the projects. The Measure B is a little bit of a
grab bag from what he explained to me in terms of it's first-come-first-
serve. The longer we take to take advantage of those funds, the worst it is.
The harder it is for us to get those funds for our City. The majority voted for
this, and we should get our share. That's why for us we should focus on a
few specific goals. That one automatically happen already. Then, next year
look at how we did this year. Thank you.

      No broad generic nebulous priority

      Increase City revenues by 50 percent without new tax increases

                                                                         Page 56 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
