                          TRANSCRIPT
      Healthy Cities, healthy communities

Council Member DuBois: … than half, but increasingly more and more of our
budget is just for Staff. I do think there is something—I'm still thinking
about how to word it—around this idea of living up to our
commitments/enforcement. I don't think it's just enforcement, but it's this
idea—again, a lot of what we hear from the community, some of the
unhappiness that shows up in the survey is we have these ordinances, but
we're not enforcing them. We keep saying thing like we're not enforcing
them, which doesn't help publicly. It's traffic enforcement; it's Building Code
compliance; things like the Building Registry. It gets back to this trust in
government. We need some focus on it. The other thing to think about is it
would save us all a lot of time. It would cut inefficiency where we keep
revisiting these issues. If they were enforced and it was the way things
were, they wouldn't be coming to us all the time as exceptions to be dealt
with. My four are the built environment, infrastructure, I'm going to call it
finance but it's primarily staffing, and living up to our commitments.

      Built environment

      Infrastructure

      Long term staffing strategy/finances

      Living up to our commitments

Mayor Scharff: What struck me is how most people have been saying very
similar things with few exceptions. When you look at it, it seems to me that
we've been talking about transportation, housing, infrastructure, budget and
finance, and then a lot of things under Healthy Cities. Airplane noise would
go under Healthy Cities. With deference to your comment on it, civil rights
and human rights would fit under Healthy Cities. What strikes me is if you
add Health Cities to that, you then have all of the stuff we've been working
on plus those other items that we've been talking about. In terms of living
up to our promises, I do think we live up to our promises. That's not a good
way to phrase it. We actually as a City do what we say we're going to do.
There are issues that come about. We have been dealing with them. We
did add a Code enforcement person recently. We are doing an audit on
Code enforcement. We will have information as we allow the new Code
enforcement person to do their job. That's why we're having the audit start
a little later. We'll have the information to see what's really going on and if
we do have a problem there. The public should know that we're on top of
that and that we're working on it. It's not that we're saying we're not doing
it. I actually think we are. I agree with Tom; it was well put when he said
that infrastructure is really important, and it's executing on it. We can drop
                                                                         Page 62 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
