                         TRANSCRIPT
gridlock coming on Embarcadero. Castilleja right now is a high school, could
think outside the box and talk to Stanford and move it to Stanford for high
school. There is no room. There is no need for high school to be in a
residential neighborhood. The experiences children gain are different. My
children grew up in (inaudible) Unified School District. The high schools
were on the main route. Middle schools were nearer thoroughfares, but the
elementary schools were in the neighborhoods by the lakes. We could follow
the same thing. I think Mr. Arrillaga—we could ask him to build a nice place
near Escondido or right in front of the trees here and get Castilleja out of
here by 2020. That's what I recommend. I have one other subject to talk
about. Last week I talked about terror at home. We need to be concerned
not only about the 109 (inaudible) and all that. We need to be concerned
many that came here illegally and could be doing the wrong things. To give
you a proof. I have a home in Hyderabad, India. This was a Sunday article.
About two miles from my home, there was an ISIS terror ring that was
found. They were nabbed. We need to do the same. We need to be very
vigilant, very careful. We cannot not be vigilant. All the citizens, all the
immigrants, all the non-immigrants, we need to make sure that the violence
and any appearance of violence needs to be reported discretely. The third
thing is there's a lot of discussion about charter schools. Betsy is being
fought for (inaudible) Secretary. I do believe in charter schools. India is an
excellent example of government-chartered schools. Millions of people are
educated. There is nothing wrong with it. We do need charter schools. We
need a revolution in education. It's not the lack of unions. It's anybody can
educate if they have the right mind. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Lewis Paris to be followed by Rita Vrhel.

Lewis Paris: Good evening, Mayor and City Council Members. Thank you for
the opportunity to address this important matter. I am Lewis Paris, a City of
Palo Alto employee, and I'm an SEIU steward leader.             I have been
authorized by our union leadership to speak tonight on behalf of the SEIU
City of Palo Alto Chapter. SEIU City of Palo Alto Chapter continues to protest
the contracting out of the City of Palo Alto animal shelter. We strongly
believe that the animal shelter should remain the community of Palo Alto
animal shelter. We know that the existing SEIU City of Palo Alto employees
well perform this work now. SEIU employees are accountable and dedicated
to the City and the community. It is evident some of City of Palo Alto
contract work has not been going all that well for the City. Do we really
want contract employees without fingerprinting and background checks?
Right now there is no obligation for that accountable submittal to be
performed in most contracts. Do we really want to be known for paying City
Hall contract janitors $12 an hour to support their families on in the year
2017? Wages should reflect a respect for the living condition of the workers
                                                                        Page 10 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
