                          TRANSCRIPT
diverse so many of the people who work here, whether it's the teachers, City
Staff, community service workers, can live in the community and be part of
our community? We're not just excluding them because they don't make
several hundred thousand dollars a year. When you look at how you're
going to do the housing policies, think about economic diversity and how you
can bring that affordability component in, in conjunction with working
locally. When we talk about transportation, the golden standard is vehicle
miles traveled. You want those people who live here, that we're creating
additional housing for, to work here. Things like teachers and City Staff, it's
a no brainer because they have to work for the City to fall into that category.
The last thing is when we talk about confidence in government, really being
thoughtful and considerate and careful about impacts. It is possible to do all
three of those. That's what we call smart policy. Sometimes in our gusto to
do housing the biggest complaint is about parking. A lot of stuff gets under-
parked. Figuring out how to do all three of those would result in really great
housing policy. I encourage you to aim high and actually achieve it with
that. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Rob Levitsky. Is Rob back?

Rob Levitsky: Right here. Rob Levitsky, 60-year resident of Palo Alto, 30-
year neighbor of Castilleja. I would just like to know one thing. When if
ever are you going to enforce the year 2000 conditional use permit which
authorized Castilleja to be at 415 students? That's really a question. We
have this wonderful body that sits here and deliberates and makes rules,
and then doesn't enforce them. What does that say to anyone around here?
What does it say to us neighbors who have to live with this overinflated
school for the last 15 years? In terms of report cards, it's a failing grade.
That's something you can work on for next year. The plan is to have—if you
want to make our neighborhood functional again, the goal for the year would
be to get them back to 415 students. Lately, we've been under an assault
because they're trying to jump from the 415, which they've been out of
compliance for 15 years, to 540. Another 130 students and 46,000 a year,
kind of a greed thing for them. Our neighborhood has been under assault
lately. We lost this tree, which arborists like Dave Dockter and Walter
Passmore have pretty much agreed after looking at the stump that it was in
no danger of falling. We've had surveyors in the last week or two, people
drilling for the water table. On Thursday morning at 1:00 in the morning,
we had a rogue setup of traffic devices set up in the trees and telephone
poles on Emerson Street. We don't know why we bothered—sent some
emails to Amy French. Yesterday afternoon, those things went away. It's
kind of odd that 1:00 in the morning somebody would just come into the
neighborhood and put up traffic boxes. Our neighborhood's under assault,

                                                                         Page 46 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
