                   ACTION MINUTES
11.   Comprehensive Plan Update:       City Council Review and Direction
      Regarding the Revised Draft Transportation Element.

12.   Comprehensive Plan Update: City Council Review and Direction
      Regarding the Revised Draft Land Use and Community Design
      Element.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Fine to direct
Staff to include in the final Draft of the Comprehensive Plan Update:

1.    Transportation Infrastructure Investments:

      A.   Improvements within existing rights-of-way that provide for
           traffic calming or relatively small increases in roadway capacity
           by adding turn lanes or making other intersection adjustments;
           and

      B.   Full grade separations for automobiles,       pedestrians,         and
           bicyclists at Caltrain crossings; and

      C.   Retrofit/improvements to existing grade separated Caltrain
           crossings for pedestrians and bicyclists at California Avenue and
           University Avenue; and

      D.   Construction of new pedestrian and bicycle grade separated
           crossings of Caltrain in South Palo Alto and in North Palo Alto;
           and

      E.   Pedestrian and bicycle improvements derived from the
           2012 Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan as amended
           over time; and

      F.   The United States Route 101/Adobe Creek bicycle and pedestrian
           bridge; and

      G.   El Camino Real intersection and pedestrian safety/streetscape
           improvements; and

      H.   Downtown mobility and safety improvements; and

      I.   Geng Road extension to Laura Lane; and

      J.   Middlefield Road corridor improvements.



                                                                        Page 3 of 16
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 5/1/17
