                          TRANSCRIPT
up on the Southgate RPP program in the hopes of getting Council's approval
around the time that enforcement begins in Evergreen Park. In order to
make this happen, Staff will be sending out a mailed survey to Southgate
residents and property owners within the next week or so in order to enlist
stakeholders in ensuring a good and positive response. As you might
expect, Southgate program would be simpler than Evergreen Park without
some of the issues associated with employee parking. We hope to be able to
move forward quickly with providing the information from the survey for the
Council's consideration. Finally, this week, it's early in the evening to note
for the community that this week is the Mayor's annual State of the City
address, this Wednesday, February 8th, starting at 7:00 p.m. at HanaHaus
on University Avenue. We look forward to that event and reception that will
follow. That concludes my report.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Scharff: Now, we move to Oral Communications. The first speaker is
Kimberly Wong, to be followed by Rob Levitsky.

Kimberly Wong:        Dear Honorable Mayor, Vice Mayor and City Council
members, my name is Kimberly Wong. My husband, Nelson Ng, and I have
lived at 1260 Emerson Street for 20 years. Many of our neighbors have
been living there for 30-40 years. First of all, I would like to bring up three
facts. Castilleja is located in a single-family neighborhood. Castilleja is
currently operating under a Conditional Use Permit granted by the City in the
year 2000, limiting the maximum enrollment at 415 students. Castilleja has
been violating that CUP since year 2002, for over 15 years. Currently, their
enrollment is at 438 students. Despite this noncompliance, they are asking
for more. What's to say that they will comply with this new CUP limit that
they're asking for? For decades, the neighbors have been trying to coexist
with the school. As Castilleja grew from a small boarding school to a day
school, many of the neighbors endured the school's impact, including
increases in traffic, safety issues and events all hours of the day. We have
endured this largely in silence because we respected the merits of the
school. However, the school mistook this goodwill as invitation for us to
endure more impact in their relentless quest for expansion in our single-
family, R-1 neighborhood.        After learning of Castilleja's latest plan to
increase their enrollment by 30 percent and a Master Plan to rebuild their
campus, we became increasingly concerned for our quality of life. The
immediate neighbors have formed a grassroots group, PNQL, Preserve
Neighborhood Quality of Life, to save the neighborhood from being
institutionalized by the school and to have Castilleja abide by the zoning

                                                                          Page 5 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
