                         TRANSCRIPT
things. This is a public hearing on 429 University Avenue, to consider a
continued appeal of the Director's Architectural Review approval of a four-
story mixed-use building. The Council previously considered this appeal on
November 30th, 2015, and remanded it to the Architectural Review Board
for redesign and further review based on the Council's direction. I wanted to
review a little bit the procedure so everyone understands what we're doing
tonight and everyone has a clear concept. The first thing is we'll do Council
disclosures. Then, we're going to have a Staff presentation. Then, the
appellant will have 10 minutes to present, and then the applicant will have
10 minutes to present. Then, we'll take public comment. It's going to be
three minutes per speaker. Don't feel you have to use all three minutes.
After public comments, the appellant and the applicant will each have three
minutes for rebuttal. After we close the public comments, we'll do a round
of Council questions and comments before we move onto general Council
motions. First, we'll start with the Council disclosures of any ex parte
communications. I, first of all, see Council Member Tanaka's light on.

Council Member Tanaka: The first question is actually for the City Attorney.
As the City Attorney knows, I have received a donation from the applicant.
Is there any legal reason that I need to recuse myself from this meeting?

Molly Stump, City Attorney:       Based on that fact, there's not a legal
requirement for recusal in this matter.

Council Member Tanaka: I do have some disclosures. Even though I'm not
legally required to recuse myself, I decided because of the proximity of time
of when I received the donation that I would return it. I did contact the
applicant to return the donation. I talked to also the appellant, Michael
Harbour. I spoke to him for about maybe 40 minutes, maybe almost an
hour. What I learned in the meeting was that he opposed the project
because he said it has too much square footage. The project was too large.
That was his primary reason for opposing this project. I subsequently had
an email exchange with Molly Stump copied on it where he was asking to
meet with me in person. I told him that I would follow the policy I did on
the PTC, which was that I would only meet with him if he would also meet
with the applicant at the same time. He basically declined to do that and
basically said that—he basically compared it to having a rape victim meet
their rapist, which I didn't quite understand, but that was his comment.
Those are the only disclosures I have. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I had a short, probably about 10-minute, phone
call with the appellant over a week ago. He notified me that Option 3 in the

                                                                       Page 28 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/6/17
