                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Our idea is to get the City Council input on all of the
elements. We're hoping that you will refer all of them as a package to the
PTC before your break in the summer.

Council Member DuBois: I don't know if we need to add that to "D." As long
as that's understood, I would suggest it does go to the PTC. I was going to
make a Motion; this is almost identical, so I will support this Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I just want to say thank you very much, Council
Member Wolbach, for bringing back the programs. As one of the member in
the community said, I think it was Betty Jo Chang who said the policies and
programs go together because one informs the other. That's absolutely
true. I really appreciate it.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A couple of things. One touches on what Council
Member DuBois said, which is some of them are ongoing. Some of the
programs are ongoing, so they're probably not counted among the done or
accomplished. Otherwise, some of the programs are also referred to—some
of the policies, goals, and programs are referred to also when something
comes before the Council, before the City Staff, before the community,
about being consistent with. They also provide benchmarks. I think they
provide value that way as well. Question about "B," the second part of that,
and eliminating infeasible policies and programs. The question around that
one is who determines if they're infeasible policies or programs. The other
is—the part of me that's a bit idealistic is why shouldn't we dream. You
never can tell; something might change, and the life of the Comp Plan is for
quite some while. Are we going to have 42 acres of parkland in town? Of
course, there's not land available, to use an extreme example that obviously
is infeasible. What were you intending by that, maker of the Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure if there are any that aren't feasible.
I did intend for that to go to Staff to continue the process that, I understand,
Staff has already begun. I'll just add that I understand you've already
brought the number of programs below 400. If you remove the Public
Safety and Environment Elements, we're actually within two programs as far
as the numbers compare to the '98 Comp Plan. We're already on the right
track, I think. I did intend for that to go back to Staff for that work. Also
from those OPR guidelines I mentioned before, there's something that
says—also on Page 46, it says adopting infeasible planning policies and
implementation measures is a waste of time. To avoid this, the planners

                                                                            Page 47 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
