                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Just some quick comments. First of all, a quick
clarification on the Parking Assessment District. I think there's about a 1:10
correlation between parking units and parking spaces. Sometimes those
numbers have been conflated, so that's where the phantom comes in, that
parking units don't equal parking spaces. We've been working on this since
2015; this is the third time it's come to Council, I think. We've had a lot of
(inaudible), so I hope the new Council Members had a chance to read
through some of those Minutes and discussions. Hopefully on PTC, you saw
those discussions. Last time, I think we voted 8-0 with Eric Filseth absent.
We've all kind of—Staff has taken our direction and come back with what we
asked them to do. I would say 2 percent vacancy is highly successful retail.
We have very vibrant retail. The reason we got here is we just couldn't keep
up with the dynamics of office space. By the time we do a study or send it
to another blue ribbon committee, it's too late. We lose businesses that
actually are still open; they just move to Redwood City or Mountain View.
That was kind of what motivated this discussion in the first place. I would
like to point out that I am sensitive to a lot of the comments we heard
tonight. There is a lot to like in this Ordinance when you really read the
Ordinance. We heard a lot of comments about the changing nature of retail.
What we got in this Ordinance is a much more flexible definition of retail
than we've ever had before. You talk about foot scanning services, and we
have things like the Beta Store, Yoga Source. This Ordinance allows those
kinds of thing. In the past, they might not have been allowed. Basically, it
says that retail service is anything open to the public during business hours
engaging in retail sales, service, processing. I think it's a strong step in the
right direction to allow a much greater variety of retail. We also are
streamlining the waiver process, which I heard a lot of concerns about and
basically looking at whether a location is viable for retail or not. We've
added a lot of flexibility there. In terms of expanding the area, we've heard
a lot of positives about the 2009 study. This new map is basically putting
back spaces that were in the 2009 map. We're filling in holes, especially
Downtown. It seems to be making a much more viable retail, kind of what
we hear people asking for. Finally, I do think we really need to consider
affordable business. We talk about affordable housing all the time, but we're
losing secondary retail, more affordable retail, for those locally serving
businesses. In terms of carrots, I think we did provide a lot of carrots, a lot
of flexibility that wasn't there before. There's been a lot of time for feedback
on the Ordinance. We've been working on this since 2015. I do think Staff
has called it a fairly narrow Ordinance, and I would agree with that. Reading
the PTC Minutes, they really wanted to expand the scope. I think we could
consider that separately. I think the Ordinance itself is fairly narrow.
Finally, this idea about visible, inviting retail. There's plenty of situations
where you walk Downtown where it's clear that there are offices behind
opaque windows. That was the driver behind that. We asked Staff to come
                                                                         Page 73 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
