                         TRANSCRIPT
what type of people will come and take care of you. Making it hard for them
to park here creates another hurdle for me to recruit good people who will
take good care of the children. I also have parking spaces behind my office.
I would love to be able to park back there myself and have my staff be able
to park there myself for selfish reasons. Every day I get a mom who has
three kids. She's got two diaper bags, a stroller and a toddler. She doesn't
need to be worrying about whether her kids are going to get hit by a car on
the way into the office. We do have to give up our parking spaces for our
clients so that they can be taken care of and have safe access to the office.
I did want to also express my concern about the gradual diminution of the
number of RPP permits being sold. This would probably drive us out of the
area at some point and probably limit Palo Alto's access to dental care, if we
gradually lose our ability to park within the areas next to our offices. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff: Mehran to be followed by Eric Wu.

Mehran Fotovafjah: Good evening. My name is Mehran Fotovafjah. I've
been practicing endodontics in the City of Palo Alto for the past 19 years.
The first 10 years I was on Welch Road. After that whole Stanford crisis, we
had to move out and come on 1805 El Camino. For the past 9 years since
I've been here, the City assigned us four parking spots. Basically we
decided, since I have patients that are older and my practice basically runs
on emergencies, that we'd park on the street. I understand parking is a
major problem, but we are part of the community. We are providing to the
people that are around us. I just don't see how this is going to work out and
how we're going to run our practice if our staff doesn't have a place to park.
I think that's a disservice to the community. I really urge you to consider to
extend the RPP to the healthcare providers and their staff. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Eric Wu to be followed by Reza Riahi.

Eric Wu: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen of the Council. My name is
Dr. Eric Wu. I'm an orthodontist with my practice over on El Camino Real in
Palo Alto. I'm a longtime, 37-year resident of Palo Alto. Grew up right here
in Evergreen Park community, a graduate of Escondido Elementary School.
I can see both side of the story here. It's a pretty tough decision. You've
got lots of parties involved. I come to you tonight to voice some of my
concerns as both a small business practice owner of ten employees, but also
as a resident of Palo Alto as many of you Council Members are yourself. I
live in the Green Acres II community. My wife is a volunteer emergency
block preparedness coordinator. I know the importance of relying on local
emergency preparedness volunteers to respond in a crisis. I just wanted to
say in a major environmental, catastrophic event such as a major

                                                                       Page 83 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
