                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: You hit my next question. I saw they weren't
changing. I was curious how those routes are going. Are they highly used,
not highly used?

Mr. Tyree: Most of the Stanford Research Park ones do very well. It's
typically some of the lower productivity express routes and ones that go
along some of our expressways. Generally the Stanford Research Park ones
do well, though.

Council Member DuBois: It'd be great to see some increased coverage there
if possible. I think you've heard from the community. The school runs to
Gunn are a big concern. If it was possible to add even one later run so that
kids that were doing extracurricular maybe have one more shot at—they
could hang out at the library or something and catch one bus back. The
other big issue is the paratransit, which you're hearing about as well from
the community. When you say you're going to maintain with existing
customers, do you mean individuals or do you mean buildings like senior
centers?

Mr. Tyree: That refers to where people board today. Those 99 percent of
the boardings would maintain service. It's kind of location based, where
people are using the service today; we'd maintain service at that spot.

Council Member DuBois: It's not tied to an individual who happened to be
using that spot. If it's like a senior housing facility, you would continue?

Mr. Tyree: No, it's not. It's tied to locations.

Council Member DuBois:        I was really glad to hear about your Core
Connectivity program with on-demand. I'd really like to hear more about
that; I'm very supportive of that. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks very much for this presentation. A lot of
it is overlap with what I heard at the Policy Advisory Committee meeting just
several days ago. The first thing I was going to mention was the last thing
that Council Member DuBois mentioned, which is I'm also really supportive
of things like the Core Connectivity Study. You guys have heard me at the
Policy Advisory Committee, where Vice Mayor Kniss is alternate, whenever
I'm there talking about the importance of being thoughtful and being
innovative in how we get people mobility. That's really what public transit is
about. It's about making sure people get where they need to go when they
need to get there. The model of focusing on coverage versus ridership and
fare box recovery, I'm actually not sure are the only essential core
                                                                       Page 17 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
