                          TRANSCRIPT
18.30(c).030(2), and 18.30(c).030(3), ‘except on University Avenue or
California Avenue.’”

Mayor Scharff: You seconded it?

Vice Mayor Kniss: Yeah.

Council Member Filseth: Institute for the Future is a commercial recreation?

Mayor Scharff: No, Institute for the Future is not a commercial recreation. I
actually am going to vote against this. California Avenue is not as vibrant,
and it requires a CUP. It would take some thoughtful decision on that, and it
reduces flexibility by putting it in our Ordinance. By having a CUP, we get
where we want to be.

Council Member Holman: By the way, Institute for the Future, I think, got in
through some kind of—I'm not exactly sure—business or trade school, not …

Mayor Scharff: Shall we vote? That fails on a 6-3 vote with Council
Members Kou, Kniss and Holman voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Holman, Kniss, Kou yes

Council Member Holman: The last one up here is one that Mayor Scharff
also mentioned. On Ordinance Page 8, that is Number 3 just above the
middle of the page. It has to do with the waivers and adjustments. I agree
with you, and I am amenable certainly to a change of language here. What
I proposed was that the Planning Director refer the matter to the City
Council, and then delete the last sentence. It would just come straight to
the City Council because it is a zone change after all. It isn't a zone change;
it's an allowed use change. I'm amenable to a change in language. If the
maker of the motion would accept that with that caveat.

Council Member Filseth: I think we should vote on it, but I might second it.

Council Member Holman: That would mean you would be accepting it.

Mayor Scharff: No, it doesn't.

Council Member Filseth: No, it doesn't.

Vice Mayor Kniss: It does if the seconder accepts it.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to add to the Motion, “replace the second two sentences of


                                                                        Page 89 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
