                          TRANSCRIPT
encourage anybody to recuse themselves, because I think the accusations
are ridiculous. I think the same thing applies here. I think the people can
make informed, reasonable decisions regardless of what kinds of donations
they took. This is, again, coming from somebody who decided not to take
those donations myself. I just think that we should be fair to the process,
and we should be honest, and we should be consistent. There's been a lot of
accusations thrown around over the last year regarding the idea that just
because somebody took a donation from somebody that influences their
decision-making. Again, in this case it's not relevant. We've heard, frankly,
from both sides of this discussion a lot of ad hominem attacks. I find that
dismaying as well. This isn't a question of whether we feel some personal
affinity for either the applicant or the appellant or we find their attitude to be
in any manner offensive to our personal sensibilities. That's not the question
in front of us. It's unfortunate that the acrimony is quite severe around this
project. It would have been great if everybody had a kumbaya moment, but
we're going to have disagreements. That's okay. I'm actually going to
reserve—I'm actually not going to make a Motion. I want to listen to my
Colleagues …

Mayor Scharff: You can't make the Motion. So we're clear, it's supposed to
be comments and questions.

Council Member Wolbach: Excellent. I'm not planning on making one.
Whatever decision we make tonight, it should be very, very clear. We
should focus on those issues that have not been resolved. Obviously, one of
my biggest concerns previously was around the historic impact on
neighboring buildings. HRB looked at it, said they were unable to come to a
finding. We talked about this the last time it came before us. That issue
wasn't a primary issue. The major questions here are around mass and
scale and things like that and whether this project sufficiently meets the
findings necessarily. I'm going to leave it to my Colleagues to weigh in on
those. I'll be listening attentively.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: A quick question to Staff. I know we talked about
this in the last meeting. A couple of people brought up the issue of the
applicability of TDRs. Can Staff comment briefly on that?

Mr. Lait: The Municipal Code sets forth the requirements and standards for
having potential floor area transferred from one development site to
another. There's a variety of requirements for that. Applicant has initiated
that effort, has secured the Transfer Development Rights (TDRs) for the 429
University site. The area of conflict or concern that the community member

                                                                           Page 54 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/6/17
