                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: You could still vote for the Minutes if you've read them.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Scharff:   The next thing is the Consent Calendar.     Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd actually like to pull Item 11 from the Consent
Calendar.

Mayor Scharff: We need two other people to pull that. You just say it; you
don't put your lights on. The three of you are pulling Item Number 11.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Tanaka, third by Council Member Fine to pull Agenda Item Number 11 -
Policy and Services Committee Recommends the City Council Adopt the
City's Legislative … to be heard as Agenda Item Number 18A.

Mayor Scharff: I just cleared the lights because I had a bunch of them, but
I saw another light out of the corner of my eye. Is there any other lights?
Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: I'd like to pull Item 14.

Mayor Scharff: Do we have anybody …

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second that.

Mayor Scharff: Do we have a third for that? Item 14.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Yes.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

MOTION: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach, third by Vice Mayor Kniss to pull Agenda Item Number 14 -
SECOND READING: Adoption of two Ordinances to Update the City’s Below
Market Rate (BMR) … to be heard on a date uncertain.

Mayor Scharff: We have two Items that are—do I have a … On Item
Number 14, I don't think Staff's prepared tonight to do that. We'll just
reschedule that to a time uncertain. On Item Number 11, I think we'll try
and hear that. If it looks like it's going to take too long, I may suggest we
move it off. I think we're going to try and hear that tonight. Item Number
11 becomes Item Number 19A, and we'll hear it first when we get to the


                                                                        Page 29 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
