                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I do think the City Clerk is going to have to contact
all these past candidates to see if they're still interested. I think the same
issue we have with Item 20, we get 3 or 4 months away from an interview,
you don't even know if people are available. I just feel like we're adopting
some very bad process tonight. I just want to say again we have in our
Ordinances a time specified for applications and for appointments. We're
basically just shifting it to the new year because we feel like it. I'm not
going to support this Motion.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Council Member Tanaka moved,
seconded by Council Member Fine to continue this Agenda Item to a date
uncertain and reopen recruitment for both the Parks and Recreation
Commission and the Historic Resources Board and retain current pool of
applicants and permit current applicants to interview with Council again, if
they so choose.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no lights, if we could vote on the board. That passes
on a 7-2 vote with Council Members DuBois and Kou voting no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 DuBois, Kou no

20.   Discussion and Direction Regarding Unscheduled Vacancy on the
      Planning and Transportation Commission; and Potential Appointment
      of one Candidate to the Planning and Transportation Commission for
      an Unexpired Term Ending December 15, 2018.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we move onto Item Number 20.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Can I make my Motion?

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Having previously tipped my hand, I would like to suggest
the same solution that we just suggested. Let me try to reword it as well as
I can. We advertise again for Planning and Transportation; we allow those
who have already applied to either leave their names on the list or be
interviewed again; and we attempt to move this along as quickly as possible.

Council Member DuBois: Second that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois to
recruit for the Planning and Transportation (PTC) and direct Staff to contact
the most recent pool of applicants to see if they are still interested in serving
on the PTC and if they would like to interview again with the Council.


                                                                          Page 53 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
