                         TRANSCRIPT
try to estimate how many of the vehicles on the streets were owned by
residents. We assumed that most resident-owned vehicles would be parked
on the street overnight, and that the users from the business district and
Caltrain and Stanford and other nonresident users of the street would not be
present at 11:30 p.m. Based on that, we determined that after taking into
account how many spaces were occupied by residents overnight at 11:30
p.m., 44.7 percent of the curb space was occupied by vehicles overnight.
College Avenue had a high night occupancy rate. We think that's because of
the multifamily housing that's along College Avenue.          Also, Stanford
University students and Caltrain riders are not accounted for. We don't
know how many people are leaving their vehicles overnight in the
neighborhood who don't live there. There's no real way to determine that
through just occupancy counts. We followed that up with—after we made
the decision that we needed to include the Mayfield area to anticipate
potential intrusion and relocation from Evergreen Park, we initiated a data
collection in the Mayfield area. Similar to Evergreen Park, we found that the
midday was the busiest time of day. There were eight blocks that were over
85 percent occupancy at specific time periods throughout the day.
Surprisingly, the blocks nearest El Camino Real, not Cal. Ave., had the
highest occupancy in the Mayfield area. We also conducted overnight counts
in Mayfield around midnight. Those overnight counts, again, were used to
attempt to estimate how many of the vehicles parked on the street were
resident-owned. 36.5 percent of the available curb space in Mayfield was
occupied overnight. The 400 block of Grant Avenue exceeded 85 percent
occupancy overnight. That, again, has a large concentration of multifamily
housing. Again, some vehicles were likely to be long-term Stanford students
and/or Caltrain riders.     We're not able to determine that through an
Occupancy Study. Shortly after the second community workshop, where we
presented the Draft Program Plan, we mailed out 1,652 surveys to
residential units and residential unit property owners. 20 percent were
returned, 32 percent from Evergreen Park and 13 percent from Mayfield.
Overall, we saw 72 percent support for the program in Evergreen Park and
60 percent support in Mayfield. The recommended program design takes
into account the program design that we presented to the stakeholders and
the community back in July, but it also incorporates some changes that were
recommended by the PTC when we presented it to them.                   We're
recommending the implementation of an RPP Program in the area bounded
by Park Boulevard, the Caltrain corridor, Oregon Expressway, Page Mill Road
and El Camino Real. It would include all of the blocks within that boundary
except for the existing 2-hour parking zone that's in the California Avenue
Business District. That's shown in brown. That parking would remain 2-
hour parking, open to all users. The green, blue and beige rectangles would
be employee parking zones. Similar to the Downtown program, we would
designate specific employee parking zones in an effort to distribute the
                                                                      Page 76 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
