                          TRANSCRIPT
value factors that can be used during the course of the year. That's that
thought. The last thing I want to say about this governance Retreat is we
put a whole bunch of materials in your packet that are designed more for
that next Retreat. There's a lot of readings on effective Council, Staff-
Council relations, community engagement. I will confess that a couple of
the pieces were written more from the City Manager point of view working
with the Council. That's just the access to some of the materials I had, that
I thought were worthwhile. I still think they have some real relevance there.
Hopefully, there's a chance for you all to start to look at those in preparation
of this next item. That next Retreat's important because even once you
establish your Priorities and we look at projects, there are always new things
that come up. They either drop out of the sky like airplane noise or they
bubble from the ground up like dewatering. There are also issues of the
Staff capacity during the course of the year. We have turnover. We lose
people, some key people at times that suddenly affects our ability. We also
have our own culture and some issues. We have a strong labor environment
in California. That injects a lot of process into stuff that makes things often
go slower, in a sense. We also have systems issues in our own organization.
Some of them are technological. Some of those comments about how do we
do better review and analysis on different trends. Even simple things like
the ERP system that we use for financial management and performance
management work are things that we need to continuously improve. Things
come up during the course of a year. Priorities do change. After you set
your Priorities, the Staff capacity is always an issue, and the Council capacity
and the Council effectiveness. You guys are limited too, and you have
cultural issues, and you have system issues, how you use your Committees
and all of those things that are important. That's why the follow-up is
important to us. What we were hoping to do today was for you to set your
Priorities. We took some liberties based upon the initial groupings that the
Council had put together, as I said, on page—the attachment to the Staff
Report. Nine Council Members roughly had identified the built environment,
housing, parking, livability as key. Next was infrastructure, Healthy Cities,
completion of the Comp Plan, etc., going down. A number of these had one
Council Member in there. What we did last year, as you recall, is we came
to you with a list of 60, 70-some work plan projects, and then the Council
went through a kind of nominal group technique, not voting, to sort of say
what you thought was more important versus not. I don't think we ever
really developed a process during the course of the year where we could
really effectively make sure that we were really staying on track with the
things that you thought were most important. We didn't necessarily come
up with a way transparently and effectively to modulate our work plan
during the course of the year when new things came up. That's why we
have a bunch of things that you said at the start of the year we didn't do
anything on. There's not necessarily anything wrong with that, but I'd
                                                                          Page 35 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
