                          TRANSCRIPT
We also talked a lot about proven safety countermeasures. These are
measures that are widely accepted in the traffic engineering field to combat
some of the types of collisions that we were seeing along this corridor,
mainly the right-of-way violation and the left-turn broadsides and the cross-
traffic broadsides. We began to assemble preliminary concept plans, and
then we outlined a public engagement strategy with this group.              We
developed initially five preliminary alternative concept plans. I won't go into
detail about these, but I do have more detail in the back if you want to get
more specific as to these five preliminary alternatives. Some of them
preserve two southbound travel lanes, while others reduce both directions to
one travel lane. Some include medians; others include two-way left turn-
lanes in lieu of a median. One actually includes adding parking on both
sides of the street. We brought these five initial alternatives to a community
workshop at the library across the street on October 6th of 2016. We
presented boards that explained the pros and cons of each alternative. We
also included cross-sections as well as photo simulations for each
alternative. We did have over 20 attendees. Despite doing some outreach
to the broader community, the bulk of those attendees were residents
directly abutting Middlefield Road.       We didn't get a lot of input from
commuters who use the road; it was primarily people who live or walk or
travel along the corridor locally. The bulk of the attendees at that meeting
supported the addition of bicycle lanes. There was very little support for the
addition of on-street parking.       There was significant concern about a
continuous median, specifically as to how it would relate to access to and
from driveways for residential properties.         Following that community
meeting, we created two revised alternative concept plans, 6A and 6B. 6A,
which you see before you, is a traditional road diet. That's what we call a
traditional road diet, where a four-lane road is reduced to two travel lanes
and a two-way left turn-lane. The space that's remaining is either used for
bicycle lanes or paved shoulders on the outside of the travel lanes. In this
case, we introduced a couple of different elements to the traditional road
diet.    You can see departing Lytton Avenue going northbound, we
maintained two travel lanes. That's to preserve the capacity of the Lytton
Avenue intersection; that was our original intent because Lytton Avenue has
a left turn-lane and through left turn-lane. There's two lanes of traffic
turning left off of Lytton Avenue. In order to continue that movement, we
retained two travel lanes heading north. The other thing you'll see here is
what's called a leftover treatment. This is an S-shaped median, and you can
see that at Everett Avenue. This prevents left turns out of Everett Avenue
and prevents vehicles from traveling across Middlefield Road on Everett
Avenue. However, the benefit of a leftover is that it preserves people's
ability to turn left into the side street. People could still turn left into
Everett, which is a safer maneuver. You have more visibility because you're
in the middle of the road, and you can see a decent distance north down the
                                                                        Page 49 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
