                          TRANSCRIPT
really going to pick people up at the same fare rates that they do now,
people may be picked up, but the rate goes from $4 to $16. That's one way,
not both ways. If you need a roundtrip—most of go someplace, we return—
you're talking about $32. If your income is low or very low, that's very
limited coverage that you can afford and maybe not at all. One, the cost is
too high for people who are low and very low incomes, unless you have
something I don't know about that reduces that rate for those people. Two,
you're apt to bump a lot of people into a more expensive service. Even if
they come, as I can read the material, from a low-rate area and go into a
high-rate area, they end up having to pay a higher rate is my
understanding. If you need to get from a low-rate area to the high-rate
area, your fees go up. The other concern I have is that we have an
integrated system, that we're working with VTA, with our shuttle, with the
Marguerite, so that all these services work together and are timed well and
that the publication of that material and those runs are available together so
that we are able to figure out, if you have to make a transfer, how you
would make a transfer to the Marguerite from the public transit, etc. A mile
and a half can be a very long way when you're an older person.

Mayor Scharff: Herb Borock is our last speaker.

Herb Borock: Good evening, Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Kniss, and new and
continuing Council Members. VTA frames the issues as making a choice
between coverage and ridership. I believe with the information provided we
can do both of them. The VTA Staff Report is Attachment G to your Staff
Report at Packet Pages 17-26. At Packet Page 19, in boldface type it says
"this reallocation of coverage-oriented service to ridership-oriented service is
how the plan can offer significant benefits while not increasing the total cost
of service." It doesn't say anything about revenue or define cost of service.
However, on Packet Page 26 which is the last Page of the VTA Staff Report,
under the first paragraph on the Budget, it says that the Draft Service Plan
is anticipated to be cost neutral, i.e., no increase in annual operating
expenses directly related to the number of service hours. In the first
sentence, it says that the plan was based on guidance from the VTA Board
to have the same number of annual services that we currently have. If the
expenses are the same, but we're increasing the ridership, that means
there's more money coming in from the bus service in the Draft Plan. It
would seem that that could be used to help restore the service and coverage
that would be planned to be cut. Maybe there might have to be joint cost-
sharing between the County and local government, but there clearly is
additional money coming in that's not going towards bus expenses. In the
second paragraph on the Budget, it gives the amount of money for light rail
extension, but it doesn't compare the fare box recovery for the new light rail
service compared to the existing fare box recovery for light rail service.
                                                                         Page 11 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
