                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Yes, we do believe that we need to take a look at permit pricing,
the wait lists. Maybe we look at a shorter term permit or something to that
effect.

Council Member Fine: Maybe this is actually another good one to direct Staff
to investigate this and float it to the PTC. Does that seem appropriate?

Mayor Scharff: I thought you wanted it done quickly.

Council Member Fine: Just direct Staff to look at ways of streamlining this
process and then come back to Council.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that. I'd also like to include the idea of
valet parking like we had Downtown.

Council Member Fine: Sure.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to investigate ways to streamline
purchasing of parking garage permits and consider valet parking.” (New Part
G)

Council Member Fine: The purpose here is asking Staff to investigate ways
in which employers can more easily purchase garage permits to allow their
employees—we had a number of speakers say they'd been on wait lists two,
two and a half years or their employees are not able to get on the wait list.
It seems to be a problem.

Council Member Kou: This is just to investigate not to (crosstalk).

Council Member Fine: And report back to us.

Mayor Scharff:     That passes on a 7-1 with Council Member Holman
abstaining.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-0-1 Holman not participating, Kniss absent

Council Member Fine: One last small one, and then I'll give up the mike. I'd
like to make an unfriendly Amendment that the permits …

Mayor Scharff: You can just say an Amendment. We don't always have to
be unfriendly.

Council Member Fine: You set the tone.

Mayor Scharff: Yes, I did.

                                                                      Page 112 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
