                          TRANSCRIPT
work. If we find that we are having real problems, we're going to have to
come back to Council for an adjustment.

Council Member Filseth: We can expect to have at least some discussion no
later than a year from now.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Scharff:    Council Member Questions and Comments.           Hold one
second. I've got too many lights on. Put your lights on if you have a
Council Member Questions or Comments. I have one. I just want to let you
all know that I was appointed to the—what was it? I can't think of it. I'll tell
you next week. That's fine; I can't remember. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to commend the City for being a
cohost, especially the Human Relations Commission, for cosponsoring an
event that a number of organizations and residents put together, including
people from San Mateo County, called Immigrants and Allies, that was held
at the Cubberley auditorium last week.      The program was entirely in
Spanish. The attendance was excellent despite it being a cold, dark, rainy
night. Lots of information was shared with all attendees about resources
available for immigrants regardless of documentation status, resources to
seek help legally for families, psychology, anything. That video will be
online hosted by the Palo Alto University website and hopefully will also be
linked to the City website.

Mayor Scharff: I did remember now. It's the San Francisco Bay Restoration
Authority, which is the governing board. It's about seven members, and it's
how we spend the Measure AA Funds that were passed. With that, we're
adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:58 P.M.




                                                                        Page 122 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
