                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Then you need to get the language up there. You need to
get a second, so you need to say what it is.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to make a Motion to pass our legislative
priorities with two changes. The first being to remove Active Advocacy Item
D, which is at the State level exempt tipped employees from the minimum
wage, and refer that back to Policy and Services for further discussion.
Secondly, to add Item H under Important Priorities with the language in
front of us, which is "oppose attempts to undermine rights of any group
whether by the Federal Government or by coercing states or local
government or by weakening existing laws and enforcement thereof against
harassment, discrimination and hate crimes."

Mayor Scharff: Do we have a second for that?

Council Member Fine: I'll second that.

MOTION:     Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Fine to:

A.    Remove from Active Advocacy items, “at the State level, exempt
      tipped employees from minimum wage” and refer the topic to the
      Policy and Services Committee; and

B.    Add to Important Priorities, “oppose attempts to undermine rights of
      any group, whether by federal government; or by coercing states or
      local government; or by weakening existing laws and enforcement
      thereof against harassment, discrimination, and hate crimes;” and

C.    Adopt the update to the Legislative Program Manual and the 2017
      Legislative Priorities.

Mayor Scharff: That's seconded by Council Member Fine. Do you wish to
speak to your—now that you've seconded it, do you wish to speak to your
Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: Sure, I'll speak to the two major components—
actually all three of them. I'll start actually with "C" and just say I think this
is a great set of legislative priorities with these couple of tweaks. I think it's
important that we do pass this tonight so that we can send a clear message,
whether it's the City Staff, the Mayor representing us, or to our lobbyist. It's
clear what we want the foci to be in Sacramento and Washington, D.C. when
advocating on behalf of Palo Alto's interests. I do want to make sure we
pass this tonight. In going up the list here, so "B." I think this again
reflects the language and the intent of the Resolution that we passed last
                                                                           Page 35 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/9/17
