                          TRANSCRIPT
in our building, but it did allow us to put a different use. If we put a retail
tenant—it's a 10,000-square-foot building, Anthropologie's building. The
current zoning allows us to put a smaller retail tenant in the front along
Alma where they'd get good frontage. It gives us flexibility to put a different
use in the back of the building. With this retail Ordinance, we've now been
marketing the building for over a year. We have not yet received an offer
from a retail tenant to lease the entire building, which is extremely
concerning for us. It's not because it's priced too high. We've gone out to
the market with an unpriced marketing package to bring all offers, because
we really want to see who would like to lease this building. The interest that
we've had from restaurants and from fitness centers and from other uses
were not allowed by the City. We are facing significant economic hardship.
I come to you tonight pleading with you to please look at what was done in
2009. Each of these areas, Midtown, South El Camino, the Downtown
corridor, are all so different. To say that they're all the same and to
preserve retail in all these areas, you've heard it tonight several times. It's
a one-size-fits-all approach. For our building specifically and for other
buildings mentioned tonight, the North Face site and the Pet Food Depot
site, it's not working, and we're trying. Please, please take this under
consideration. One last thing to speak to the waiver provision. As you
know, time is of the essence when leasing a building. Right now, if I want to
go down and lease our Anthropologie building to another tenant under
zoning if this emergency Ordinance wasn't in place, it'd take me a week
maybe two to get a tenant. With this waiver, it's could take months. If we
go down that road and we get 2 months down the road and get denied,
guess what? We start over, and we're looking at significant vacancy. The
provision waiver will not work. We need a very broad, robust definition. We
need to broaden retail and really make it so that we can lease our buildings.
Thank you for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Terry Shuchat to be followed by Loren Brown.

Terry Shuchat: Good evening, Council Members. As you all know, retail is
really changing in Palo Alto. Judy put it best that most of you, in fact it
would almost appear all but one, have never really had any retail
experience. Retail is getting terribly difficult. For 51 years, I had a camera
store on California Avenue. At one point, we were one of the top 25 sales
tax producers in Palo Alto. However, as time went on and the internet
became more and more powerful, our business shrunk. It finally shrunk to a
point that I closed the business. Everybody in Palo Alto, if you ask them,
will say, "Yeah, I want the hardware store back. I want the jewelry store
back. I want the five and dime store back." However, they're gone because
people didn't support them. Without the support, it's really hard to get good
retail tenants. California Avenue has a little special clause that says chain
                                                                        Page 56 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
