                         TRANSCRIPT
come back to it. Looking back briefly at this evolution. Before 2009—you
can see the circled areas at the bottom—the GF boundaries included the
areas around the University Avenue circle and on Emerson. In 2009, you
see some changes in green removing these designations and in red adding
the designations along Emerson and Hamilton. In 2013, the vacancy rates
have dropped for retail, and the Council voted to add the GF designation
parcels onto Emerson here. The result today that we're looking at, the pink
is showing the existing ground-floor boundaries. Now, you're seeing the
proposed addition in yellow of the parcels, bringing those back around
University and Alma and then additionally linking along Hamilton. Notably,
some of these properties along University are currently occupied by uses
that would not be permitted in the GF overlay such as office, financial
services, real estate offices. As a result, these properties would become
nonconforming with respect to use until those uses discontinued, and they'd
be required to meet the requirements of the GF. Notably, some of these
properties were not designed for retail; they were designed as offices and do
not have the architectural features, storefront windows, transparency, that
make retail viable. One note on the SOFA II plan. Currently, the SOFA Ii
plan prevents new ground-floor office in the Homer-Emerson corridor. This
Ordinance would extend those protections to other retail uses in SOFA II
outside of that corridor, namely along Addison Street on the southern end of
the plan area. The alternate viable use waiver process would also be
permitted in this area. Lastly, in the report there's an additional Staff
recommendation to allow property owners at that southern portion of SOFA
II in the RT-35 district to replace retail uses with private educational
facilities. The Council had previously expressed support for this specific
provision this fall, and Staff is now recommending to include it in the draft
Ordinance to provide some additional flexibility outside of the core. Just a
quick look at our timeline. As mentioned, the Ordinance does expire at the
end of April, looking to have the permanent Ordinance in place prior to that
expiration. Lastly, today you received some correspondence—it's also in the
back of the room—from several individuals. I'm just going to summarize
briefly. Correspondence objecting to the expansion of the GF designation; a
request to allow housing as a nonretail use given the housing crisis; a
recommendation to focus protections outside the retail core; a request for
more flexibility in allowing various uses depending on market conditions; a
request to increase the number of students threshold for fitness studios.
This is that trigger for the CUP requirement.           In conclusion, Staff
recommends approval of Attachment A, which is the Ordinance. I'm happy
to answer any questions. Thank you.

Mr. Lait: Mayor, I'll note that Chair Michael Alcheck is in the audience from
the Planning Commission (PTC) if you want to hear from the PTC comments.

                                                                      Page 44 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
