                          TRANSCRIPT
Obama, but you chose to be with us. I know you got the opportunity later
to make up for it. Second, you were instrumental with Leadership Palo Alto.
You were part of the effort in the 2008-2009 frame to bring back Leadership
Palo Alto to our community after its demise. Your participation, advice and
support made the new and the revised dynamic Leadership 2.0 program a
reality. Your presentation on how things work in Palo Alto, the Palo Alto
process, is always a highlight for the new members of the class, our fellows.
Neighborhood associations.        With your background, who else could
appreciate the value of a neighborhood association, that these are the key
ingredients for building community. Thanks for all your support over the
years, for listening and support for many of the Palo Alto neighborhoods'
ideas and requests. Finally, for all these efforts and more, I thank you. It's
difficult for me to imagine a Council without you, with your amazing depth of
knowledge, eloquence and visionary ideas. I know boards and commissions
all over the State and the County are going to be knocking at your door,
offering you more opportunities. We all look forward to seeing what the
bright future will bring you. Thanks again. We'll miss you.

Mr. Burt: Thanks. That's very nice.

Mayor Scharff: Olenka Villarreal to be followed by Martin Sommer.

Female: Olenka had to leave.

Mayor Scharff:    Olenka had to leave.     Martin Sommer to be followed by
Nadia Naik.

Martin Sommer: Good evening. I have a little bit for everybody here.
Karen, first I want to say happy birthday. Nothing personal, but from one
Missourian to another, when you held up the little statue I thought for sure it
was our State motto, which is the Missouri mule. No offense of course and
with all due respect. For the new electees, there's a saying that if it rains on
your wedding, you will become rich. Hopefully that's a good start for you.
Let me just turn here. Pat Burt—I should say Mayor Pat Burt—thank you
very much for all your work on—see, I even choked up over it. Thank you
for all your work on the rail projects. I encourage you to keep involved. I
didn't know you had other offers out there, but I encourage you to keep
involved. You don't have to be an elected official to make a real difference.
Thank you. Honestly, I like our at-grade solution. I look forward to an
electrified Caltrain and High Speed Rail coming through. We'll see how that
goes. Next is Greg Schmid. From what I understand, my wife is from
Hamburg, and your relatives are maybe Hamburg as well. I learned this on
July 4th this year. There's a little bit of a story here; it won't take long. I
too love to ride. I was out doing a mountain bike ride in the Arastradero

                                                                          Page 18 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
