                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Kniss, Tanaka absent

Council went into Closed Session at 6:02 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:25 P.M.

Study Session

2.   City Manager's 2016 Annual Year in Review.

Mayor Scharff: We've already called the meeting to order. We're now going
to proceed into a Study Session, City Manager's 2016 annual year in review.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, members of Council. A
new Council. It's really nice to see you all. One of the nice things about
doing the …

Mayor Scharff: Jim, before we go, I actually forgot. I'm supposed to say
after we come out of Closed Session that we have no reportable action.

Mr. Keene: Thanks. One of the nice things about doing a year in review
look-back is that so often our orientation is always on what's ahead of us or
what needs to be done. It's pretty easy to lose perspective at times on how
much has actually been accomplished or transpired during the year or how
wide-ranging the issues that the City deals with are. In some ways, it's an
opportunity for me to work with the Staff to generate our own in-house
Report on what we've accomplished. I do this Report each year, and it's
abbreviated. It's meant to be more representative than exhaustive. I'm not
trying to report on everything that really happened. I also thought, since we
have a new Council, it will be helpful maybe to provide some touch points or
references on some of the kinds of issues that the Council will be dealing
with. I think about half of this actually is the year in review and then half
just my own thoughts about looking ahead to 2017. I did ask Leadership
Team members, which are all of the appointed department heads and the
other CAOs in addition, the Clerk, myself, the City Attorney and the City
Auditor, to potentially be available here to answer any of your questions, if
you want. Obviously they were already surprised that we're a half hour
ahead of schedule this year in a meeting. They may not arrive—here come
a few folks. I certainly would say—if you let me go through the presentation
and then if you had any questions or comments, Mr. Mayor, it's just
designed to serve your purposes. This is a little diagram that I'm fond of.
Obviously it looks a little bit weird up there on the screens there. It looks
perfectly fine on mine. It's an iceberg. It's a picture that we've used often
trying to describe what the work of the City is. In many ways, we focus
when the Council adopts its Priorities during the course each year—you're
                                                                        Page 2 of 60
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/9/17
