                          TRANSCRIPT
pod. You all have worked with them. The community has elected them and
reelected them. You know how different each one of them is. We are really
here just to say thank you for their service. I would have said thank you
and farewell, except no farewell is necessary or appropriate for any one of
these three. I feel quite certain that we will see and hear plenty from all of
them. We know that Assembly Member Berman has a defined role in a new
venue. I'm looking forward to seeing what role Former Mayor Burt and
Council Member Schmid take on. It is not just because, as some of you
have suggested, that as Council Members they fought for the things they
believed in and they fought for the things they thought were in the best
interest of this community, but also as I've worked with and watched them
over the years, it is because they listened, they learned and they understood
by virtue of the way they approached their job. Palo Alto is a demonstrably
better community by virtue of that effort. I want to say thank you on behalf
of 1,918,044 residents of Santa Clara County this evening. Thank you, all
three gentlemen.

Mayor Scharff: Annette Glanckopf …

Mr. Simitian: Ceremonial hardware to follow, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Scharff:    All right.   Annette Glanckopf to be followed by Olenka
Villarreal.

Annette Glanckopf:        What an honor to follow Joe.             First of all,
congratulations to all the new Council Members. Welcome and lots of luck.
Tonight, I'm really speaking to thank Pat Burt. Pat, I don't want you to
stand behind me, so maybe you could just come up here. I'd like to formally
thank you for all the years of your service, starting with University South
president onto Planning Commission, City Council and in your present role as
Mayor. Thanks for everything you've done for so long to make Palo Alto
such a special place for all of us to live in. Of course, I wanted to call out a
couple of things that involved me personally, of course.              Emergency
preparedness, thank you for all of your support in making the Palo Alto
volunteer program for handling disasters and emergencies and the best
practices go-to model. I want to highlight all your work in the early strategy
meetings on the feasibility implementation with our City Staff, Judy
Kleinberg, who's here, Ken Dueker and many, many others. Your support in
2004 was key to making emergency prep a City Council Priority and to
maintaining it for a Priority for four years. That made all the difference. You
were a strong advocate for the first phases of our block preparedness
coordinator program and funding for it. You've been a champion ever since,
participating in events and in our annual award ceremonies. Thank you for
honoring your commitment on the time when you could have met President

                                                                          Page 17 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
