                          TRANSCRIPT
amount of development and provides conditions of approval. Both the
authorized development and the conditions of approval need to be consistent
with the high-level policy direction in the Community Plan. Stanford is
currently operating under a General Use Permit that was received in 2000,
and that permit authorized about 2 million square feet of academic and
academic support facilities. About three-quarters of that has already been
constructed. It also originally authorized about 3,000 housing units. Last
spring, Stanford requested to build another 1,450 housing units to support
the Escondido Village graduate student residences project. That project
actually received unanimous support from the Council before it was
approved by Santa Clara County. Once that project is constructed, almost
all of the housing authorization under this permit will be exhausted. The
permit also included about 40,000 square feet earmarked for childcare
facilities, and then it also included more than 100 Conditions of Approval.
Stanford can build its housing and academic facilities as long as it complies
with all the conditions of approval. For example, not increasing any of the
peak runoff to the creeks and not increasing the commute trips to campus.
As we were approaching the end of these authorizations, it was time for
Stanford to think about what we might need in the future.

Jean McCown, Stanford University Associate Vice President, Government and
Community Relations: Before Catherine shares with you the facts and
figures about what is proposed in the current application, I'd like to talk to
you about why Stanford believes it will need facilities and responsible long-
term stewardship of its lands to support its mission of teaching, state of the
art research, and interdisciplinary collaboration that is the key to addressing
the most challenging global issues we face. Academic facilities do need to
keep up with new fields to attract outstanding faculty and students and to
allow for sustained leadership across the many challenges and issues we
face. Knowledge is continually and rapidly expanding. Examples of new
fields of research include stem cell research, neurosciences, materials
science, cybertechnology, and artificial intelligence. As these and other
academic fields change and expand, new facilities will be needed. Those
often include specialized and larger spaces for experimental work and
research instruments. Some of our existing academic programs are housed
in aging buildings. For instance, key facilities for the School of Earth, Energy
and Environmental Sciences, the Graduate School of Education, and the
School of Medicine are many decades old and need to be upgraded or
replaced. Finally, opportunities will develop over the course of the proposed
2018 General Use Permit that we cannot predict today. The flexibility, which
Catherine referenced, to accommodate unexpected, emerging opportunities
has allowed the University to produce some of its most exciting recent
innovations, including the Stanford Energy System Innovations Facility,
which has completely changed the way campus heating and cooling is done.
                                                                         Page 13 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
