                          TRANSCRIPT
need to reevaluate using that term. This is an intensification of use and a
more efficient use of scarce land for an important social and economic good,
housing. It's one of our Council Priorities for the year. I think the applicant,
at least in my opinion, should be willing to consider even higher than RM-30,
if not RM-40. This is designated as a multifamily residential use in the Comp
Plan. In the Zoning Code, it's only RM-15, which is the bare minimum. Yet,
this is a site that's identified as an opportunity site. It's near El Camino. It's
near the node on South El Camino. It's near services, jobs, the 522
services. I think this is a pretty ideal site for housing density actually. I'm
actually not concerned about it perhaps getting into intensification of
housing use and the Density Bonus Law. That's the whole point of the
Density Bonus Law, that when you allow more housing you get more
affordable housing. To produce affordable housing in this community, we
actually have to produce more housing overall. I think there are legitimate
concerns that the site should be adequately parked, and the residential
areas behind have real concerns about access and shadows. I encourage
you to keep working with the neighborhood to figure those out, but I really
do believe these concerns can be addressed while pursuing an RM-48
designation of the site. We create more affordable housing by creating more
housing overall. That's my encouragement on this site. I think this is an
exciting project. I think it would be great to have housing instead of a
vacant lot on El Camino. Thank you.

Mr. Hayes. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: This is an RM-15 to an RM-30 that we're discussing
which, after density bonus, is basically an RM-20 to RM-40. I think it was
mentioned before. One thing that was mentioned was the cost of housing.
You mentioned that these are going to be sale units. How much do you
anticipate these units selling for?

Mr. Hayes: I have not done their financial pro formas. I would just be
guessing $1,000 to $1,500 a square foot; I actually don't know. The last
analysis I saw was for the VTA site. Those were just about $1,000. This
was 2 years ago when we were working with the Pollock Financial Group.

Council Member Filseth: I remember when the VTA site came up. We asked
the applicant how much the units would sell for, and the applicant had no
idea. It's surprising that somebody considering investing many millions of
dollars into a construction project like this actually wouldn't have much of an
idea how much (crosstalk).

Mr. Hayes: I'm sure they do (crosstalk) with me.
                                                                          Page 24 of 127
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/13/17
