                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I'm going to start the response, and then I'll let Joanna
Jensen, who's joined us, maybe polish up. There are really two responses to
that. First, it's hard to—EIRs take a long to prepare. The rule basically is
when you begin, when you issue your Notice of Preparation and start the
process, you're required to use the information that is known at that time
about the future. We did that. As you say, things have transpired since
then, the additional housing units at Escondido Village and now the new GUP
proposal. We do talk about cumulative impacts in this EIR in a non-
quantified way. We've tried to draw a broad-enough net that we have some
coverage for this additional development. Joanna, did you want to add
anything?

Joanna Jensen, PlaceWorks: I think that's accurate. We'll be able to provide
more specific quantification in the Final EIR about what is included in the
cumulative impact analysis for the Stanford area.

Council Member Filseth: The Stanford expansion is like 4 million square feet
or something like that. It's a lot. It's as big as another Downtown in Palo
Alto. It's an outlier. It's a fairly material case. If we don't factor it in, the
odds of us being off and skewed are pretty high. I understand the issue.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss—Vice Mayor Kniss, sorry.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Earlier today Ms. Gitelman, we had a conversation about
numbers. I thought if we looked at the past briefly, that might help us
predict the future. My recollection is in 1970 we had around 55,000 people,
as we did in 2000. By 2012, we had about 65,000 people. We've had one
period where we've jumped ahead almost 10,000 people. My question back
to you was how many houses were built during that time that
accommodated an extra 10,000 people. Roughly, I know it doesn't quite go
in 10-year increments.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm not going to be able to answer with specificity. We do
have a range of assumptions here. Scenarios 1 and 2 reflect our long-term
average in terms of producing housing units. There have been some periods
in Palo Alto where we've produced housing units at a faster rate. The period
from 1998 to 2006, we produced over 200 units per year; 214 was the
number. Overall in this period that we look back on, it was about 180 units
per year. Again, the scenarios reflect that; although, some of the higher
scenarios go beyond our historic average by quite a bit.

Vice Mayor Kniss: My point being that even in that period of time—I know in
2008 or 2009, somewhere in that period of time, it was perceived that we
built a great deal of housing in Palo Alto. Yet, it doesn't sound as though it
ever averaged over about 200 houses a year. Is that right? As we look at
                                                                             Page 21 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
