                          TRANSCRIPT
webpages and very active and live streaming of information via the City's
website, also conducted ongoing inspections of what we refer to as the trash
rack at West Bayshore Road at the Highway 101 crossing over San
Francisquito Creek as well as coordinating with Caltrans on its repair. We
see in the upper right corner a photo of the damaged trash rack after the
last major storm, which through our direct contact with Caltrans as well as
our State legislative representatives ensure that Caltrans was aware of the
sense of urgency that was needed and followed up very quickly. This past
storm on February 7th, the measured flow in San Francisquito Creek was
roughly 4,800 cubic feet per second indicated in general in the upper left
photo where, as you see, this flow reached approximately 2 feet from
overtopping floodwalls along the creek.         Our coordinated efforts with
Caltrans, East Palo Alto, the Joint Powers Authority allowed us to ensure that
this situation was monitored and Staff was prepared to address specific
issues such as localized flooding as well as levee reinforcement, which is
shown in the upper center of the photo, in order to address small leaks that
were identified during the storms. While we're not officially out of the storm
seas, we certainly want to acknowledge the hard work of our Staff in a
variety of circumstances in order to maintain our diligence as well as
respond quickly when needed to address storm issues and maintain
community safety. Moving on. In terms of looking forward to a few items
on the Council agenda as well as items of upcoming information. In the
Evergreen Park/Mayfield Residential Permit Parking item, I wanted to let the
Council know that—to provide you with a quick status report on the rollout of
the Evergreen Park/Mayfield RPP program that you approved on January
23rd. Staff is finding that the implementation tasks are taking a bit longer
than hoped, and specifically signs which will implement the new parking
restrictions will not be installed until April. This means enforcement will
begin in early May. We will be using the time between now and then to
make sure that residents and employees are informed of the program and to
make permits available via our website. We expect that residential permits
will be available starting mid-March. Employee permits will be available in
three phases, first to people on the waiting list for lots and garages, then to
low-income workers, then to other workers in the program area. We are
preparing a mailing to residents and businesses with a precise timeline and
program (inaudible) disseminate these details via the Nextdoor platform as
well as our website. Of course, we'll also keep the Council informed as this
rollout continues. Next, a study that has been anticipated for some time,
the Center for Disease Control and Prevention Epi-Aid study. We expect the
final report on this work to be released this Friday. As you will recall, at the
beginning of 2016, the Palo Alto Unified School District with support from the
City and Project Safety Net requested that the Center for Disease Control
and Prevention conduct an Epi-Aid study to better understand youth suicide
both within our City as well as in our region. In collaboration with the Santa
                                                                         Page 40 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
