                         TRANSCRIPT
may help VTA understand Palo Alto's needs better. Last week, Gunn PTSA
circulated a student survey to learn how the existing 88 and proposed 288
might serve student needs better. Early responses reveal new information
that could help us create route and schedule improvements to support
stronger ridership. It's urgent that we do so. The 88 eliminates about 100
trips per day from the morning bell time surge of school commuters who mix
with commuter congestion heading to local jobs. Our new survey tells us
that the proposed 288 will negatively impact student ridership, because it's
schedule will not serve students' afterschool academic and extracurricular
commute needs. The PTA's concerned that the proposed 288 will erode
student ridership and lead VTA to completely cut transit to Gunn. Let's use
this new data on student needs to identify a better plan. This morning the
School District provided a new pin map with approximate locations of Gunn
students' homes. Let's use this information to identify routes that might be
more convenient for potential users, not just the kids who use the bus
today. VTA 88 is not only a school bus. We've been gathering information
about facilities on the bus route whose residents and clients might make
better use of a bus if it were scheduled and promoted more effectively as
services are promoted at Gunn high School. We could do this elsewhere. I
just lost my place; sorry. These facilities include hundreds of affordable and
senior apartments and services for the disabled at Abilities United,
Cubberley, the VA Hospital, where the 88 bus has not really been marketed.
VTA may not know that the City is investing in improvements to approach
streets to Gunn and other nearby schools to improve safety for walking and
biking students and to increase use of alternative transportation including
transit. It's ironic that bus cuts are proposed just when the Complete
Streets hardscape improvements are slated to be constructed on the bus
route. VTA enjoys strong sales tax revenues generated in Palo Alto. The
City has relieved VTA of coverage responsibility by providing shuttles to
complement VTA routes without impacting ridership. Loss of the 88 would
pose a significant problem for south Palo Alto to transit-dependent residents
and high school students who rely on the bus every day. Let's work
together to identify a bus route and schedule—almost there—that serves
VTA's regional plan and Palo Alto's needs. Please schedule a working
meeting with Staff and stakeholders. We value this service, and we ask VTA
to work with us as we did in 2009. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Phyllis Cassel to be followed by Herb Borock.

Phyllis Cassel: I'm Phyllis Cassel speaking for me tonight. I've been reading
this report. I want to bring up two areas that I'm concerned with this
evening. One is the coverage for paratransit and the cost of it. If they
reduce the number of vehicles moving around town and routes in town, then
the coverage for paratransit is reduced. Unless they confirm that they're
                                                                       Page 10 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
