                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I don't have a count for you, I'm afraid. There are a lot.

Vice Mayor Kniss: There were many; many, many.

Ms. Gitelman: There are lots.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Each one of those, I don't know exactly how much Staff
time it would take. If we're not going to vote on this tonight, if we're putting
it off for whatever reason, I would certainly want a full accounting of the
programs, what they're going to cost, how many more Staff are going to be
needed to implement those.

Mayor Scharff: We're going to vote.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Pardon?

Mayor Scharff: We're going to vote.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Just qualifying it. That was the part, to me, that sort of
reminded me of an architect who designs the house without thinking about
what it might cost. This seemed to me as though wonderful programs got
put into it, but somehow you have to have a Staff member who's going to
oversee every one of those programs. I don't know how that got lost along
the way. I'm puzzled by it as well. I thought there were an unusual new
number of programs.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry, Mayor Scharff. Can I just clarify the Motion?

Mayor Scharff: Absolutely.

Ms. Gitelman: Is it to eliminate the programs entirely from the Comp Plan
or to move them all into a implementation appendix?

Mayor Scharff: The way I understood the Motion—correct me—is it's to
remove all programs not from the Comp Plan, from the Land Use Element,
which is what we're discussing tonight, not required by State law, and that
those programs are to be taken up at a future date as policy discussion and
use the implementation section of the Plan to indicate the relative cost and
priority of each program. The way I understood this would work, in reading
this, is there would be an implementation section where all those programs
would be, but they wouldn't necessarily mean we're going to do them. Staff
would have to come forward and say, "Now, we're going to implement
Program such-and-such," or "We think we should implement Program such-
and-such," or Council Members could write a Colleagues' Memo or whatever,
at which point the implementation of that would move forward. Staff
wouldn't have to spend the time on it or move forward on it if there was no
                                                                         Page 99 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
