                          TRANSCRIPT
Members as well. I've been doing this for over 20 years now. It's a labor of
love. I do it because I believe in neighborhoods. Some of you have worked
in neighborhoods, and you know the importance of neighborhoods. We even
call it out in our Comp Plan. In this day of social media and everybody's
faces in their phones, I still believe in the importance of face-to-face contact
and of knowing your neighborhood and being involved with your neighbors.
In accepting this Proclamation, which I deeply appreciate, I'm also doing so
on behalf of all the neighborhood leaders who have worked on behalf of their
neighborhood to bring issues that they know intimately, that are going on in
their neighborhood to you. You can't know everything that's going on in
every neighborhood.       I think it's important that we bring to you the
individuality of the neighborhoods. I want to keep those neighborhoods
strong. I also have to give a shout-out to my mentor and friend and cohort
for these 20-some-odd years, Annette Glanckopf, who has been my mentor
and taught me everything I know and still teaches me to this day. Thank
you so very much. I do appreciate it.

Mayor Scharff: Again, we all appreciate your service. The next Special
Order of the Day is—I think we had one that we took off—is the presentation
of the accreditation of the Urban Forestry program by the Society of
Municipal Arborists. I did forget; I didn't see this. Take this back. We have
a bunch of public speakers on behalf of you, Sheri. The first person is
Annette Glanckopf, to be followed by Becky Sanders.

Annette Glanckopf: First of all, let me congratulate Mayor Scharff and Vice
Mayor Kniss for their appointments for this year and welcome the new
Council Members Fine, Kou and Tanaka. You guys stole my thunder in
speaking about Sheri, but tonight I'm speaking as the Vice Chair of the
Midtown Residents Association and for our Steering Committee. Again,
you've taken all my thunder. We also want to thank the Council for
recognizing Sheri for her many, many years of contribution to the City of
Palo Alto and all the hard work and positive energy for almost two decades.
I met Sheri in '95, when the Midtown Residents Association was just getting
started. From one email that came along, I just want to quote, "It's not that
often that good people are recognized for their efforts, and Sheri really
deserves it." The commendations that Council Member Holman read speak
to Sheri's accomplishments and to the many task forces and advisory groups
over the years that she's participated in as well as Midtown Residents
Association and Palo Alto Neighborhoods. Becky will speak to that in a
minute. It is a gigantic effort to be chair of anything, especially of a
neighborhood association, preparing monthly Agendas, responding to dozens
of emails—I know you Council Members can really resonate to that—tackle
the issues that face our neighborhoods such as any potential developments
in the Midtown Shopping Center for 2017. Thank you also—in recognizing
                                                                          Page 16 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
