                          TRANSCRIPT
meet, someone will say or text "We're watching you. Great to see what's
going on." It makes a huge difference. You're right. Other media centers
struggle, and this one has really done well. You're leaving it in good hands.
Is that right?

Ms. Folger: Very good hands. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thanks again from all of us. It makes a big difference.

Ms. Folger: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Annie, we haven't met before, but I just want to
thank you from me as a citizen. Here in Palo Alto sometimes we take for
granted that all of this stuff is online and archived and we can see what's
going on in our City government. That's not the case everywhere. You
really do a service to our City. While we have quite a good turnout tonight,
there are many more people who you've given access to. You've made this
room that much larger. As our Vice Mayor mentioned, we all get texts.
Occasionally I get screen captures from my family telling me to fix my hair
or something like that. It really does make this room and this process much
larger, and that makes us a healthier City. Thank you.

Ms. Folger: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we have a member of the public.              Let's let Jeff
McMinnis come up and speak.

Jeff McGinnis: I swear this is not to take away attention from Annie. My
name is Jeff McGinnis. I'm here with my daughter, Lucia. I’m a former
employee of the Media Center. I started there as an intern in 1999, learned
to cut my chops doing videography and editing and have grown up in the
world. My wife is Lupita. She's currently an employee. As you may have
gathered, we met at the Media Center and ultimately brought along this little
girl. She's definitely very thankful for Annie and all (inaudible). In addition
to all the good work she did, I just want to attest to what a good person she
is and how much she's done to make us look up to her. I can't think of one
real fault with Annie. She's been there all along; she was even there as she
married me and Lupita. That's true. We live in a time when we've elevated
some of the worst aspects of humanity to our highest offices. I'm just
grateful that I have someone like Annie right here to say, "Lucia, this is a
person you can admire and emulate." I really hope she does.

Ms. Folger: Thank you.
                                                                        Page 30 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
