                           TRANSCRIPT
would start when the new Cal. Ave. garage opens.     Is that clear, what I
meant?

Mayor Scharff: It was to me.

Council Member DuBois: I’m getting quizzical looks. Again, there's a
question of whether the business permits are permanent in the
neighborhood or not. I'm saying we would consider a reduction of those
permits that would start when the new Cal. Ave. garage that we have
planned is built and opened.

Mayor Scharff: Do you want to second?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. Actually I want to comment. I figure I'm
going to second it, comment and then vote against it, if that's okay.

Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

Council Member Filseth: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to add to the Motion, “to consider a phase out of business
permits when the new California Avenue parking garage opens.”

Council Member Filseth: The Motion that's on the table says we're going to
revisit this whole thing a year from now, which is going to be before the
garage opens. I've seconded the Motion, but I'm going to vote against it.

Mayor Scharff: You want to withdraw it or do you want to do that?

Council Member DuBois: When it comes back in a year, would this issue
about draw-down be on the table then?

Mayor Scharff: It would.

Council Member DuBois: I'll withdraw it then.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member DuBois: The third one and last one. I'm open to input on
this one. I'm going to say my Motion is we eliminate the unlimited daily
hangtags. If somebody wants to refine that, I would be open to that. We're
talking about a limited number of permits in the neighborhood, but then we
have this huge loophole of ability to purchase an unlimited number of
permits.


                                                                   Page 104 of 122
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 1/23/17
