                         TRANSCRIPT
Item 1 and Item 2, it should say "each residence" rather than "each resident
living within the district." That's changing in both those sections.

Mayor Scharff: I'm fine with those changes to the Motion. Are you fine? If
Council Member Filseth's fine with them too.

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “replace in Resolution
Section 4.A.c. ‘two employee’ with ‘three employee’ and replace in Section
4.B.1 and 4.B.2, ‘resident living’ with ‘residence.’” (New Part E)

Council Member Holman: Is that right, each residence living, C-E? Why
wouldn't it be "each resident living"? I don't understand how a resident—a
residence doesn't live within a district.

Ms. Gitelman: We would take out the word "living." Instead of saying "each
resident living within the district," it would say "each residence within the
district."

Council Member Holman: It's each residence within the district. Got it now.

Ms. Gitelman: This is what we did in Downtown.

Council Member Holman: Got it. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Mayor, I'm going to pass.

Mayor Scharff: Fair enough. Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I have a couple here. First of all, thank you to
everyone for all your work on this. There's one that really—let me first just
ask Staff, just to make sure I understand. For the Mayfield part, is it opt-in
or is it blanket, everyone in?

Mr. Mello: We are not recommending classifying Mayfield as an eligibility
area. We are recommending that they be admitted to the program on Day
1.

Council Member Tanaka: It's counter to the PTC recommendation, where
each block face would opt-in.

Mr. Mello: That's correct.

                                                                      Page 108 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
