                          TRANSCRIPT
comment, I actually don't find that Options 3, 2 and 1 are that similar. I
think there are pretty significant differences among them. For instance,
Option 3 differs in mass, scale, FAR, setback, design features including on
the University Avenue side of the project nearest Kipling, and the number of
parking places. That's a lot of differences if we're saying that they're
similar. I don't see how we could actually say that. I will stop there. Again,
focusing on the Council's prior review of this project and those findings that
we could not make then on Pages 4 and 5 of the Staff Report and also on
the ARB findings that they could not make as well in making the denial
recommendation for the project.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I'll go back to my earlier comments. This is a
massive building. The mass and the scale of it is very large. I brought up
the 636 Waverley property. That's what I fear will be on that corner of
Kipling and University. With Kipling being a narrow street, I just don't see a
three-story with that kind of mass and scale as something that would be
considered as compatible. Council Member Holman has mentioned the other
parts of it. I still think that it is not compatible. Just going back for modified
projects, it's looking at a building that's going to be there for 50-plus years,
that is going to be an impact on the other houses on Kipling Street.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I've been listening to my Colleagues and looking at
these various options. I've heard Option 1 referred to as a three-story
building. Just to clarify, it is a four-story building. Correct? I still cannot
make the findings that are consistent with our earlier meetings on Pages 4
and 5, particularly 18.18.110. I keep looking at these findings. I find that I
will support the Substitute Motion because I don't believe I can make these
findings.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no further lights, let's vote on the Substitute Motion.
The Substitute Motion fails on a 5-3 vote with Council Members DuBois, Kou,
and Holman voting yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED:               3-5 DuBois, Holman, Kou yes, Kniss
absent

Mayor Scharff: Now, let's vote on the—I see no lights, so now let's vote on
the—you want to put your light on?

Council Member Holman: I don't think anybody's spoken to the main Motion
except for the maker and seconder, I think.
                                                                           Page 70 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/6/17
