                          TRANSCRIPT
don't necessarily look at the number of collisions; we look at whether there's
a discernible pattern. If there's countermeasures that can be installed that
would address that pattern, then we would like to move forward with those.
That's where most of the recommendations come from for this.

Council Member DuBois: I spent some time with the residents. I actually
walked around with them. I just wondered is this one of our worst areas in
terms of accidents or are there other areas that are as bad.

Mr. Mello: Again, we didn't really compare it to other similar residential
arterials. The bulk of our recommendations are based on the fact that
there's a discernible pattern of collisions, namely the broadside collisions and
the right-of-way violations. There is something happening out there. I don't
know how that compares to other intersections on residential arterials, but
we are concerned about the pattern that we see out there.

Council Member DuBois: It was mentioned in the press for the holidays;
there was an article. It was mentioned you have a hot list of trouble
sections in the City. I wanted to ask if you could maybe share that with
Council. I think it would be interesting to see. I think there are hotspots all
over, and it'd be good to get that list made public.

Mr. Mello: We're going to be bringing that to you when we bring forward our
speed survey recommendations. That was part of the speed survey data
collection. This section actually already has a Certified Speed Study, so that
wasn't part of the Study that we're going to bring forward.

Council Member DuBois:         Looking at 7A and 7B, 18,000 cars on the
residential arterial, doubled in the last three years. Where do your models
show the cars are going to go with these changes? I think there was one
mention that you were trying to avoid a backup to the Willow intersection.
What assumptions are you making in terms of future growth? Are you
expecting more cut-through on Hawthorne and Everett?

Mr. Mello: Our analysis did not account for future growth, because the
intersections are going to function at a poor level of service regardless of the
growth that occurs. There's a section in the Staff Report that details the
assumptions that were made around that. As far as diverted traffic, we can
make guesses. I think the only way we'll know is to do the monitoring
during the project. We would monitor all possible ways people could divert
off of that. We're actually working with a Carnegie Mellon professor who
lives in the Fairmeadow neighborhood to pilot some puck-like devices that
would actually do real-time monitoring of all the blocks adjacent to this pilot.
He's willing to develop an interface where we could in real-time see where

                                                                         Page 63 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
