                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Palter: I just want to make clear that the academic growth boundary
doesn't expire or go away. It stays in place as long as the plan is there. I
think what people are referring to is there is a certain standard for asking to
move it. It doesn't go away.

Council Member Fine: I would encourage you to be upfront about that,
saying the conditions to change in 2025 and here's how they change and
here's what we might be asking for.

Ms. McCown: It's the thing that one of the speakers alluded to. Up until
2025, any proposal to change it would need four out of five votes at the
Board of Supervisors. After 2025, it goes back to their normal majority, but
the academic growth boundary doesn't go away.

Council Member Fine: It's a one-vote change. That's helpful. Otherwise, I
think this is a helpful plan. I like having Stanford in Palo Alto. I think you
guys contribute a hell of a lot here. I hope this is helpful to you too.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you all for coming. It's a bit of déjà vu. It's
interesting. It sounds to me as though it very much mirrors the 2000 GUP.
Am I right? Especially in growth. Two or three things, the TDM in particular.
I don't know if you can pull up the slide on the TDM again or not. That was
particularly interesting in what you have done. Did you model that on any
other university's TDM? Were there others? I've heard that Harvard has to
have one among others. Apparently, it's not uncommon for universities to
now have this kind of—a formal plan for transportation.

Ms. McCown: As you would recall, there was a General Use Permit before
the 2000 General Use Permit; it was the 1989 General Use Permit. That had
quite a bit of content in it going as far back as that around transportation
measures because it was the first step of recognizing that that was probably
the more significant performance standard to look at rather than just square
feet per se or population per se. I think we can claim being ahead of any
other university in the country …

Vice Mayor Kniss: Certainly ahead of Harvard.

Ms. McCown: … in what we've done on a continued improvement plan, so to
speak, and adding new programs. I think the most significant one, as you
all are aware, is when Caltrain developed the Go Pass program, which allows
employers to buy passes for their employee population. Actually it was
really initiated by a partnership between the University and Caltrain to start
that program. Now, many other employers are using it as well. Again, I
                                                                        Page 23 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
