                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: I agree with Council Member Holman. Our streets
particularly along El Camino need a lot of work here in Palo Alto. I'm
hesitant to put widening sidewalks as a policy, however. On some places in
El Camino that might be the right thing to do. In other areas, I concur with
Vice Mayor Kniss that we have these very small lots. There may be a land
aggregation issue where we're really actually—by requiring wider sidewalks,
we're actually not getting the type of design on El Camino that we ultimately
want. I think it's a broader policy decision whether we want wide sidewalks
or not. I do like Council Member DuBois' idea about this could be a program
that we support. I just don't feel it rises to the level of a policy.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think what's been said so far makes sense. The
one thing I would say here is that the City has not adopted the Grand
Boulevard initiative. I don't think it should show up in the Comp Plan.

Mayor Scharff: Is that a yes vote or a no vote?

Council Member Filseth: Sorry?

Mayor Scharff: Is that a yes vote or a no vote?

Council Member Filseth: I think it's a vote that we strike that language out.
Also, the Grand Boulevard is kind of old at this point, isn't it?

Council Member Holman: No.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss, did you want to speak again? I guess you
spoke.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I spoke.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'm not going to be supporting the Motion,
but I'm open to having this conversation outside of the Comprehensive Plan,
an Ordinance, Zoning Code, etc. I don't think it's necessary to put it in the
Comprehensive Plan at this point.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, did you put your light back on?

Council Member Holman: I did. I was wondering if I could get support for—
it doesn't look like it's going to pass as a policy. City Staff suggested if it
was a program, then it isn't a directive to implement it but to more consider
it. Would that be more indicating what you're saying?
                                                                        Page 92 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
