                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: I see no other lights—there were no other lights supposed to
be. Let's vote on the board. That passes on a 6-2 vote with Council
Member Filseth wanting more discussion. Council Members DuBois, Kou,
Wolbach, Kniss and myself and Council Member Holman voting yes.

MOTION PASSED: 6-2-1 Fine, Tanaka no, Filseth abstain

Council Member Holman: I'll move Number 11 with one minor Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: What's the Amendment?

Council Member Holman: The one minor Amendment is instead of "where
possible" start the quote with "avoid abrupt changes in scale and density."

Council Member Filseth: I'll accept that.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to direct Staff to restore in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan
Update, existing Policy L-6 language about preserving neighborhood
character (“avoid abrupt changes in scale and density between residential
and non-residential areas and between residential areas of different
densities. To promote compatibility and gradual transitions between land
uses, place zoning district boundaries at mid-block locations rather than
along streets wherever possible.”) This is in lieu of the new language
proposed in Policy L-6.11.

Mayor Scharff: You'll accept that. Let's vote on it. That passes on a 5-4
vote with Council Members DuBois, Kou, Kniss, Filseth and Holman voting
yes.

MOTION PASSED: 5-2-2 Scharff, Wolbach no, Fine, Tanaka abstain

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to move that all programs be removed
from this element and maintained for reference and further discussion
outside of the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Holman: What?

Council Member Wolbach: Number H1.

Mayor Scharff: For land use.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll need a second. "H1." The suggestion was to
reduce the number of programs overall and use the implementation section
                                                                        Page 95 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
