                         TRANSCRIPT
years, so I just personally wanted to say thank you. Thank you for what you
do in the future too as we go forward.

Ms. Furman: Thank you, Tom.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Hey, Sheri. Pretty much what Tom said. Thank
you very much for everything. You're awesome. I think big pieces of the
City would grind to a halt without you. Thanks a lot. Richly deserved.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second everything that was said before me.
Without repeating it all, just say I appreciate you keeping us on our toes and
keeping us honest and always being frank and making sure that the City is
really working for everybody. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: We served together on PAN for a few years when I
was present at the College Terrace Residents Association. I've seen your
work, seen your dedication and really appreciate it. I just want to echo what
everyone else has just said as well. Thank you.

Ms. Furman: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Sheri, I wanted to echo what everyone has said. We really
do appreciate your service to the community. It wouldn't be as great a
community without you doing what you do. I'll second about the ice cream
social. It is a fantastic event and really appreciated by the community.
Thanks for all you do. I didn't see it. I'm sorry. Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Sheri, I just want to say thank you so much for the
years of dedication and also for guiding me when I joined the emergency
preparedness program. Thank you so much for all your work.

Ms. Furman: You're welcome.

Mayor Scharff: Sheri, before I come down and give you the Proclamation, I
wanted to give you an opportunity to say a few words.

Ms. Furman: I want to, of course, thank all of you as well as the three—I
know this Proclamation actually started last year, and I was out of town. I
also want to thank Former Mayor Burt and Council Members Berman and
Schmid for participating in this.     Congratulations to our new Council
                                                                        Page 15 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
