                          TRANSCRIPT
actually in the programs. It's not so much in the policies. I want to thank
you for continuing to listen to the public. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bob Moss to be followed by Mark Mollineaux.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. First, I
found the statement in the Staff Report that none of the scenarios will have
any fiscal impact to be very strange. As all of you probably know, every
housing unit costs the City more for services than it pays in taxes. The City
Manager has even given you some data on that several years ago. His
figures were $2,800 a year per housing unit. When we incorporated Rancho
Palos Verdes, I did a similar study. At that time, 45 years ago, the net cost
was over $750 per housing unit per year. Even if you just talk inflation,
we're in the same range, $2,500-$3,000 per year. If we add 4,000 housing
units, the net cost to the City will be more than $11 million per year. If we
add 6,000, it will be more than $16,000 per year. That is not taken into
account anywhere. The traffic counts. You look at the table, and it talks
about a lower increase in traffic with 6,000 units than 4,000 units. The only
way that happens is if the new process that's being worked on secretly by
Google really works, teleportation. The actual number of housing units is
going to increase the number of car trips by at least eight car trips per unit
per day. That's a real number. If they're single-family housing units, it'll be
ten car trips per day. That's not taken into account. You have letters from
School Board Members about the impacts on the schools. That is also going
to have an impact on traffic. That's not taken into account. This study
needs to go back for an awful lot more work.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.     Mark Mollineaux to be followed by Grant
Dasher.

Mark Mollineaux: Hi, there. My name is Mark Mollineaux. I graduated from
Stanford. The basic task here is to allocate the land of Palo Alto and allocate
something which is intangible, which is the right to build something that
doesn't exist but is just given by the Council to create a functioning
community. You have to look at how well this works. There's a lot of
different ways we could be doing this. The way Palo Alto does it, we have a
Comprehensive Plan, and then you have an approval process. I would just
say it doesn't work. If you look at the basic ways you can score how this
works, what do you need out of a city? You need a city that has affordable
housing, that funds its own infrastructure, that allocates scarce resources
such as water, that doesn't have too much congestion, that is functioning
economically. In some of these, Palo Alto does very well. In most of these,
especially housing, Palo Alto is one of the biggest failures in the country.
This is showing some ability to change, but I would say not nearly enough. I

                                                                            Page 28 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
