                          TRANSCRIPT
Sheri you are recognizing the role of neighborhoods in the City of Palo Alto
for building community with our newsletters, events and general meetings;
Neighborhood Watch which is incorporated into emergency preparedness,
which also is Crime Watch; for vetting local issues brought to the Steering
Committee, and strength in numbers in getting these to Council; for
developing local leadership in our neighborhoods—some of you came out of
neighborhoods, so that's proof of the pudding—for projects; for art; for
bathrooms; for park landscaping, bulletin boards, the height of flood walls
on Matadero Creek, ground-floor retail in Midtown, and working with our
local merchants. I could go on for a long time. These are all neighborhood
roles. Midtown has greatly benefited from Sheri's efforts and leadership.
Thank you, Council.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Becky Sanders to be followed by Mike Nolan.

Becky Sanders: Good evening. As Co-Chair of the Palo Alto Neighborhoods
Association, I am delighted that Council has chosen to commend Sheri
Furman for her service to the community. Two years ago, I suddenly
became aware that my little Ventura neighborhood was changing in ways
that I could not fathom. I noticed an erosion in the fabric of the community
and in the quality of life there. I started poking around, and it was then that
I was introduced by Annette Glanckopf to Sheri Furman. I had worked with
Annette on some safety videos. When I met Sheri, I sensed a force to be
reckoned with. She was and is a strong woman, a strong female role model
for civic engagement. Now, my mom and I passed out doughnuts at the
precinct on voting day. When I met Sheri, I thought she'd more likely be
passing out civics textbooks along with a lecture on civic duty at any polls
that she served. She was and is a soapboxer. I admire her fierce giddy-up
tremendously. Sometimes we have to meet fire with fire, and she is a
fireball. Sheri challenged me to start the Ventura Neighborhood Association.
Annette and she have mentored me these two years. Now, the Ventura
Neighborhood Association has a 60-plus person listserv, and we can point to
several wins our community has experienced due to citizen civic engagement
as a direct result of Sheri's mentoring of me. Her organizational skills, her
leadership, her passion, her fire, her commitment and her integrity are
beyond dispute. I will forever be grateful to Sheri and for her work through
the Palo Alto Neighborhoods Association for shining a bright light for me to
find my way to civic engagement and to a deeper sense of connection to and
love for my community. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Mike Nolan to be followed by Catherine—is that
a different Item? Mike Nolan is the final speaker on this Item.



                                                                         Page 17 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
