                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Farzi Rau to be followed by Terry Holzemer.          You're first,
though. Sorry. I called Neilson first; I forgot.

Neilson Buchanan: My hearing's not so good. I thought maybe the airplane
flew over, and I missed that. I don't envy your role of sorting out all the
priorities that get tossed to you from 1,000 feet and underground water to
10,000 feet above us with airplane noise. I want to just make two quick
points. It's all relative to the study that's just been handed to the public, the
Citizens Survey. Of all the different inputs that you've got, the National
Citizens Survey done annually is one of the more important things I hope
you'll really take to heart.       It's serial information; it's over time; it's
relatively uniform; it's scientific; it's as objective information as you've got
coming to you. Please leverage that and consider it as best you can.
Getting it just a few days ago, I don't think you've had a chance to really
digest it, nor have you had a chance to digest the last four surveys either.
I've spent a lot of my own personal due diligence. I think this is a good
survey. Harriet Richardson's been very cooperative, explaining to me how
it's done. I've talked to the National Survey company. They do a really
good job. We've got a great piece of objective information. The public has
no knowledge of it. It took moving heaven and earth for me to get the
earlier copy. I think I got the first copy. Needless to say, people in this
room haven't digested this information. That's my first point. My second
point, this is information that ought to be done early in spring and made
available early in fall. This is prime information for an informed, involved
electorate.     Keeping this information delayed 6 months is not good
democratic process. This is the stuff upon which people ought to be elected.
It should be available in October every year. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Farzi Rau to be followed by Terry Holzemer.

Farzi Rau: I'm here for the airplane noise. I agree with a lot of comments
that was made. I would like to remind the Council and the people that Palo
Alto is the City that has more than three routes going over its sky, rather
than most cities that have only one. I just heard of—when I was talking to
friends in Cupertino, they are very unhappy about the route that the plane
takes coming to San Jose as well as going to San Francisco. They think the
one that is going and crisscrossing over their area in Cupertino, that's going
to San Jose, should just come directly over Palo Alto and go to San Jose, as
if we don't have enough. They are actually trying to have a meeting with
the FAA. The city has invited the FAA to go and talk to the city and have
what they call the three sessions of fact-finding so that they can sort of push
that airplane traffic to some other neighborhood. It's a regional issue. It
seems that somehow we just don't get invited to be at any table to do
anything. We need the City to really look at this. As the City that we are—
                                                                            Page 6 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
