                          TRANSCRIPT
would continue to remain part of that. I can't tell you exactly, if they do that
and everyone else does their zoned capacity, where we'd be. Given the
track record we've seen for development in the City and in the Research
Park, we think 1.7 is reasonable with Stanford Research Park included.

Mayor Scharff: I did have a question too. The 1.7 million, does that include
retail or not? It does not, right?

Ms. Gitelman: The proposal from the CAC is only office/R&D.

Mayor Scharff: Not hotels and not retail.

Ms. Gitelman:    That's correct.

Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to make sure on that. Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm going to support the Motion. I'll associate a lot of
comments with those of Council Member Wolbach. I want to put this in
perspective for a minute. We're talking about something that we really
thought about, long and hard, before we put it in a couple of years ago,
which is the 50,000 square feet, which does limit. I've talked about this a
lot before. We have averaged about 50,000 square feet a year for 30 years.
If you look back, that's about literally where we've gone. That starts with
the 3.5 from 1986. Looking at that, though, over the weekend I thought,
"What does 50,000 square feet look like?" Do you have an answer?

Ms. Gitelman: What does 50,000 square feet look like?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I actually have an answer. Why don't I give it to you? I
was really curious, so I called Chop Keenan and said, "What two buildings
Downtown would give us roughly 50,000 square feet?" I mentioned those
two because they're both relatively new. One is the Thoits building going up
on the corner of University and Cowper. That's about 26,000 square feet.
The other one is Mr. Keenan's, which has gone up on Forest and High Street
essentially. If you put those two together, those will add up to the 50,000
square feet; however, only one of them actually is counted in our square
footage. Correct? I just believe that Mr. Keenan's building is included. It's
a new building. There was nothing there before. That was a vacant lot.
The Thoits building was there. Whatever was there before, just so the
audience understands this, does not add into the cumulative cap. Am I
making that clear or am I muddying the waters on it?

Ms. Gitelman: You're right as it applies to the cumulative cap. The office
limit has always just—the annual limit has always just been office/R&D. The


                                                                         Page 35 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
