                         TRANSCRIPT
having a Chief Sustainability Officer. I spoke with Gil Friend last Friday. He
said it was a good question that I asked of him, which was where does Palo
Alto bank. He said my reason for asking this question was a just and good
reason as well. After some digging as a good citizen acting on behalf of life
yet unborn, I found from Tarun Narayan that we bank with Wells Fargo and
U.S. Bank. I urge Palo Alto as a self-declared leader in environmental issues
to walk the talk, to pull our money out of DAPL, out of institutions that bank
and fund DAPL. Think globally but act locally, divest. Secondly, adopt …

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Ms. Liu: … a socially responsible banking Ordinance post haste. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Tara Sood to be followed by Robert Walmsley.

Tara Sood: Good evening. Thank you for allowing me this opportunity to
speak to you. My name is Tara Sood. I'm an emergency physician. I was
at Standing Rock in December 2016. I can assure the atrocities that you've
probably seen on the media and through social media were only a tip of the
iceberg of what was actually occurring at Standing Rock. Most of my time
there, I was the only physician at camp, so I was witness to the injuries and
the illnesses that were caused there. I took care of the lady who lost her
eye to a rubber bullet.        I took care of the man who suffered from
hypothermia because they stripped him down to his underwear outside in
negative 30-degree weather. I cared for injuries and broken bones that
were caused by senseless beatings. I cared for grandmothers who had
chemical pneumonitis from teargas. Sorry, I get emotional because this is
very personal to me. I'm not a lawyer. I don't understand the legal
definition of human rights violations, but I do know what's happened there is
wrong. By investing in banks that fund the Dakota access pipeline, we're
indirectly participating in these atrocities. We cannot sit around and pretend
we don't know what our money is supporting. I urge you to divest from the
banks that are funding the Dakota access pipeline. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.     Robert Walmsley to be followed by Kirsten
Flynn.

Robert Walmsley: Hello. My name is Robert Walmsley. I come here to
speak to you tonight on what I believe will be considered the defining issue
of my generation, climate change. We will have to answer to our children
and our grandchildren as to what we did or did not do to avert this crisis. It
is now too late to entirely avoid the consequences of what we have wrought,
but there is still time to avoid burning down our planet. I come to you
tonight to ask for one small step in the long fight to save our planet. Let's
say no to the Dakota access pipeline and the environmental destruction it
                                                                       Page 45 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
