                         TRANSCRIPT
offices, because as of right now we won't even be able to use that. It's
common courtesy. I think that in general we should have been consulted.
It should have been part of the deal. We should have been in those
meetings, and we were not invited. Thank you. Appreciate your help.
Thank you.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stan, whose last name I
won't try to pronounce.

Stan Bjelajac: Good evening all. I'm a dentist in Palo Alto. I just wanted to
echo some of the comments from my colleague, Tim Mulcahy, and reiterate
here on the record that our dental community strongly supports the RPP
program. As it's set up in the Evergreen area starting April, we won't be
able to provide for our staff. I know that the City never intended for that to
happen. A lot of our neighbors are our patients. We are all one community.
All we ask for is an opportunity to either bring this back on the agenda—not
the RPP program itself but the distribution, the type and quantity of permits
or direct the Staff to work with us so that we can make this pilot program a
success for everyone involved and set a precedent for years to come. I
hope that you guys can accommodate us on that end. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Melanie Liu to be followed by Tara Sood.

Melanie Liu:     Hello.  I'm Melanie Liu, 2003 Edgewood Drive.     Native
Americans were the original habitants of this land. They were the original
protectors of this land.

Mayor Scharff: Why don't you pull the mike down just a little bit. Thanks.

Ms. Liu: Can you start my time over? I'll start over. Melanie Liu, 2003
Edgewood Drive. Native Americans were the original inhabitants of this
land. They were the original protectors of the land, the air, the water, and
of life yet unborn. After 500 years of resistance against ruthless suppressors
of astonishing greed and as a prophecy of the seventh generation has
foretold, at a time when life as we know it is on the brink, members of the
Standing Rock Sioux Nation have risen. They have called for an end to
business as usual, an end to the Dakota access pipeline, an end to the
pillaging of mother earth. Many people in the Bay Area, including our town
of Palo Alto, have heeded this call, people from all walks of life. We've had
four rallies in Palo Alto. Our last rally on February 11th yielded 600-700
people who rallied in front of City Hall and marched to eight banks, asking to
defund DAPL and respect mother earth.           We commend Ash Kalra for
submitting AB 20 for legislative review to divest CalPERS and CalSTRS from
DAPL. We commend Cory Wolbach for coming out to our rally and speaking
in front of City Hall in support of this issue. We commend Palo Alto for
                                                                       Page 44 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
