                           TRANSCRIPT
the lowest nationally for an agency our size. This chart only goes up to
2014, but presently we are closer to 10 percent. We've been in decline for
five years. Ridership that's falling and fare revenue that's falling is not a
sustainable combination. That's part of the reason why our Board of
Directors is asking us to redesign our transit network. I know this won't be
a popular slide here, but we also have to redesign our system to connect all
parts of the county with BART and vice versa. We're projecting 23,000 trips
coming through the Milpitas and various gateways when the project opens.
Our system is currently inadequate to handle that. The good news is we do
know how to increase ridership in designing transit networks. This is a
formula that works across the country. It works on other planets, as our
consultant says. That is to install frequent, all-day service in areas that
have transit-supportive land-use patterns. Those are places that are dense;
places that are walkable, meaning there are many destinations within
walking distance of the transit stop; places where transit routes can be
linear, that they are not squiggly, they are not taking unnecessary detours
that slow down the trip and increase our operating cost; places where land
uses, origins and destinations are nearby; and also places that have mixes
of land use so that there is all-day bidirectional demand on those services.
One of the fundamental questions we're asking in this redesign is what is the
purpose of public transit. It's seemingly a simple question, but it's one that
gets very complicated to answer because transit agencies are asked to do
two things that are completely in contradiction with each other. The first is
to achieve ridership. That is thinking like a business. In the same way that
airlines will prefer to fly into major cities than smaller cities, this outlook has
us putting service where the areas that are likely to bring a high return to
ridership are. That tends to be fewer transit routes system-wide but also
more frequent service on those routes. The other goal of public transit is
the coverage goal. This is thinking like a government agency, putting as
many routes to as many places as possible so that as many people as
possible have access to transit service. When you design a system with this
objective, you tend to have many more routes, but the frequency of those
routes tends to be lower. Now, these are both good things that transit does.
The difficulty is we can't do more of one and more of the other at the same
time. They come at the expense of each other. We look at this in terms of
how should VTA balance its spending toward these two objectives. In our
present system, we spend about 70 percent of our Operating Funds toward
the ridership goal and about 30 percent toward the coverage goal. When
thinking about increasing transit ridership, there's a question here about
should we adjust the balance between spending on these two goals. We
launched a 5-month public outreach campaign in the summer of 2016. We
put forward three different network concepts. We called them Network 70,
Network 80 and Network 90. Those correlated with the percentage of
funding spent on ridership. As you go through those networks, you would
                                                                            Page 3 of 122
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/23/17
