                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: Sure. I think generally this is moving in the right
direction. These are a number of small to medium cleanups. I think there
are some issues where we may want to look at the housing inventory sites
again. Part of this following up on what the City has shown a desire to
increase affordable housing, and that's kind of across the board. We can't
constantly be shifting these sites. I think overall this is moving us forward
on a lot of the right things in terms of updating the housing definitions,
loading spaces, entitlement approvals, and the TDM plans are helpful for our
City going forward. With that, I'd really appreciate your support. As the
Mayor said, we can go through these one through eight and see what folks
want.

Mayor Scharff: I'll speak to the Motion briefly. I, first of all, want to thank
Staff for bringing these forward. I think these are good items that we need
to get some clarity in the Code. If we don't approve something, it doesn't
necessarily mean that we've given any direction to Staff, so the status quo
would prevail. If you're providing whatever, doing whatever you're doing,
unless we change it in a Motion, then you continue to do what you would be
doing. That's the way I read this. Hopefully we can move this forward, get
five votes for things. The other thing I'd really like is if possible decide
upfront a little bit. If there's stuff that's not controversial, then we could
focus on the controversial stuff. If you are good with the rest of it and
you're not good with something, say you're not good with something. If you
really want that pulled out, ask me. If I hear more than two people wanting
to pull it out—two people or more—we'll pull that out. It might be more
efficient, but if you want to make Motion to pull it out, I can break them.
It's up to the Mayor to break it out. I'm basically saying if you have two
people that want to pull something out, we'll pull it out and vote separately
on it. I think that should be fairly easy. I would say what Adrian said. I
support most of this. A couple of you have made comments that I support.
I support Council Member DuBois' concept that we should probably have
earlier reporting on the TDM. I think that's good. I'll leave him to make
that amendment. There were a couple of other comments people made. I
have a lot of concerns about what Council Member Holman said on that. I
also have concerns that we did talk to HCD and did that. I don't really want
the wrath of HCD coming down on us. At the same time, I'm thinking in my
mind that it might be worthwhile to re-look at the housing inventory sites if
we do pass this. I am also actually sort of concerned about the whole
parking idea. I didn't really like Staff's answer on the issue of parking. I
was a little concerned that—I don't think parking should be an incentive if
low-income housing is going to use it the same. I actually understood that
low-income housing used it less, but I'm not sure it should be zero. I don't
think parking should be an incentive. I think we should park to what is
required. That means if low-income housing uses less parking, their parking
                                                                        Page 83 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
