                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I understand. I walk my dog on that sidewalk
sometimes. If I understand what you said, basically it's not just T-bone
collisions we're worried about. You think that 7A will actually reduce
collisions over 7B because of the wider shoulder and the sight of line, the
paved shoulder and the line of sight.

Mr. Mello: I wouldn't hazard a guess on that, but I would say that
sightlines—people pulling out of cross streets and looking north would have
much better sightlines towards southbound traffic that's approaching them.
That could lead to a …

Council Member Filseth: There aren't going to be any of those anyway
because you've got the leftovers in.

Mr. Mello: No, no, no. Motorists that are coming eastbound on Everett or
Hawthorne, either making a left or crossing Middlefield, would have better
sightlines looking north.

Council Member Filseth: You can't cross Middlefield (inaudible).

Mr. Mello: You are correct.     It also improves sightlines for right-turning
motorists as well.

Council Member Filseth: I was going to say with the leftovers in you can't
turn left or go straight across. You're only talking about right turns, right?

Mr. Mello: I think Everett has a clear, documented history of T-bones and
broadside collisions.   Hawthorne, we don't necessarily have that same
documented history. In the Staff Report, we do make a notation that the
leftover at Hawthorne could be optional, but we think that might relocate all
of the left-turners to Hawthorne, and then we could see a crash pattern
develop there too. We're not as concerned with the collision history at
Hawthorne as we are with the collision history at Everett.

Council Member Filseth: One of the speakers, actually a couple of them,
expressed concern that if you do the road diet southbound, it will divert
traffic onto Palo Alto Avenue and Guinda. Have you guys looked at that?

Mr. Mello: On Page 15 of the Staff Report under trial implementation and
monitoring, we have a list of streets that we would monitor, Fulton, Lytton,
Palo Alto Avenue, Guinda, Webster, Byron. All of the adjacent streets and
parallel streets would be monitored for both increases in traffic, increases in
speed and increases in volume. At our check-in points, 6 months and 12
months, we would see if there was in fact spillover traffic occurring.


                                                                         Page 61 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
