                          TRANSCRIPT
Jay Tyree: If I could just add. We also look forward to working with Penny
Ellson. I do want to thank her again. She's been very helpful providing
information for us in the student survey. We're looking forward to seeing
the results from that.

Mayor Scharff: Thanks. Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you for being here. A reminder also that your final
comments are going to be taken by February 20th. Is that correct?

Mr. Burger: Correct.

Vice Mayor Kniss: A couple of things. One of the last speakers was Herb
Borock, who spoke about cost and about any amount that may be set aside.
Can you address his questions?

Mr. Burger: Certainly. The currency that we operate in when we design our
service plans is service hours. We're using the same service hours in our
current plan as we are in this Draft Plan, absent any additions that come
from Measure B. I, like Herb, very much hope that this additional ridership
brings in additional fare revenue that we can reinvest into service. We just
haven't counted our chickens before they've hatched in terms of planning
ahead on how that revenue can be used.

Vice Mayor Kniss:      In the meantime, you could potentially have cut the
service, correct?

Mr. Burger: The plan that we're proposing is to keep the same number of
service hours system-wide. It would in our proposal change the number of
service hours allocated to many of the routes in our system.

Vice Mayor Kniss:     What you're hearing, in particular from the Gunn
community, is their concern about you have enough buses at the heavy
hours but not at those lighter hours, especially after—whatever it was—4:00
in the afternoon. Could you comment on that? I know that's been a big
concern to that community. They've really been dependent on the bus.

Mr. Burger: I'd say that this is the ridership coverage tradeoff in action. I
don't mean to sound heartless about that. VTA lacks sufficient resources to
do all the good that we would like to be able to do countywide in providing
transportation and mobility. When we're in this position, we have to make
difficult choices. While I know it would be great to provide access to those
students—I recall walking a long way after my special student bus no longer
operated in the evenings—we would use that funding to carry many more
people on other routes. Is it more important to carry a Gunn student at
                                                                      Page 13 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
