                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kou: I am concerned with taking out the built environment.
We're still having to look at everything we do in the City as a whole and how
it affects all the interlinking different elements and segments. The Comp
Plan, while we're really relying on it right now to be finished this year, it's
not finished. It does need to be a Priority to remain a built environment so
that we can still focus on that and keep it as a reminder.

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote—you've spoken.

Council Member Filseth: I'm actually going to make a Motion. I want to
offer a friendly amendment to the Substitute Motion, which is to eliminate
Bullet 5. That one doesn't really fit with the others. In many ways, our
transportation woes and our housing woes are downstream effects. The
upstream effect is commercial development. It seems odd to bury those
things. I don't think living up to City agreements rising to the same level.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to accept that, to strike that. It's
important. The way the Mayor talked about it and your comments make
sense.

Mayor Scharff: Karen, do you accept that?

Council Member DuBois: It would be things we would focus on, but maybe
it's not one of the top five here.

Council Member Holman: I have two comments. One is …

Mayor Scharff: Karen, the question is do you accept that?

Council Member Holman: I do not, and I need a clarification on both this
and the original Motion. I don't accept that because I think it—listen to the
people, listen to the people. They talk over and over and over again about
how important this living up to our City agreements is. I don't think we do
in many regards that could help our quality of life and actually boost our
Citizens Survey response. Clarification about the substitute and the—it's
relevant to both the substitute …

Mayor Scharff: No.

Council Member Holman: … and the original Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Karen …

Council Member Holman: That is one of the comments was made by maybe
the Mayor about commercial is being addressed in the Comprehensive Plan.

                                                                         Page 70 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
