                         TRANSCRIPT
a poor location for retail for all the reasons everybody said. I just urge you
not to pass this Ordinance or at least—we were also told by City Staff that
there would be a study that would go look at all the properties individually
on a case-by-case basis, and that study has never been done. At the least,
you ought to have Staff go back and look at all the properties that really
don't make sense and get them out of this Ordinance. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Jonathan Satz.

Jonathan Satz: Thank you, Council Members, for the opportunity to speak
on this matter. My name is Jonathan Satz. It's S-A-T-Z. I work for
AltSchool, a private, independent educational facility located in the SOFA II
zone of Palo Alto. I think you've heard from mostly property owners tonight.
Hopefully, I can offer a tenant's perspective. We opened our doors in 2015,
and we now serve a population of around 80 families. We're proud to be
located in the Downtown core and to offer the community a vibrant and
active use. This coming fall will mark our third year in operation. When we
started our site in 2015, we always anticipated adding another small middle
school Downtown. Our current facility, which is only 5,000 square feet, was
never meant to house an entire K-8 population. We call it a micro school.
However, with the adoption of the retail Ordinance in 2015, searching for an
additional location has become incredibly difficult as we're prevented from
converting out of retail to educational uses. Furthermore, people who own
properties that have office uses on the ground floor, which we would
otherwise lease, are no longer willing to lease to non-office users given the
fear that they will not be able to convert back to that office use once we
leave. Because of how difficult it has been to find any new location, we
would support an exception that allows conversion to educational uses within
the SOFA II area, in the areas that Staff has recommended. With that said,
it's still a very narrow exception and does not provide as much flexibility to
schools looking for new locations. We hope Staff and Council consider a
broader exception for educational facility in the future. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 9:27 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you to everyone that came out and spoke on this
item. We'll now return to Council for a questions and comments round.
Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: It's a question for Staff. I heard that there's—
somebody said that there was 70,000-plus square footage of retail space
that was lost between 2008 and 2014. Was it about 534,000 square feet of
office space that was created after that?


                                                                       Page 58 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
