                          TRANSCRIPT
and quality of life. How is contracting out of SEIU work really working for
the City of Palo Alto? We would be more than willing to discuss these
contracting matters with you offline. Having the City now, over the past
year, cobbling together a contract for a single bidder for the animal shelter
doesn't appear like a sound or safe business practice. In contrast, City of
Palo Alto workers are fingerprinted and background checked. City of Palo
Alto workers are reliable and are now taking back contract work because
City of Palo Alto workers are more reliable. We ask you please well consider
that the animal shelter and the employees of the animal shelter not be
contracted out. Please retain the Palo Alto shelter as our community animal
shelter. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Bill Ross.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. I gave you a packet of information. The top part
is a letter that I'm going to read. The second part is a verbatim transcription
from the minutes last week of the video. During last Monday's City Council
meeting when the Council continued its work on Items Number H, the
Council following Mayor Scharff's specific instructions voted on whether the
Items under "H," beginning with Item 2, would be discussed by the Council.
Those wanting discussion were asked by the Mayor to use their yellow
button. If five City Council Members pushed their yellow button, the Item
would be discussed. With the first Motion as to whether to discuss Item
Number 2, when the vote was taken, the Mayor declared "And that passes
on an 8-1 vote with Council Member Tanaka wanting more discussion on the
Item." I'm confused as to what actually just passed. This portion of the City
Council meeting was confusing to me. As the meeting had been in session
for more than five hours, I may not have been alone in my confusion. I
went home and spent several hours reviewing this portion of the 1/30 City
Council video and the Council's actions on Items Number H. After doing so,
it became clear to me that votes were taken on whether to have a discussion
or not on each of the Items under "H." I have provided you each with a
transcript of this portion of the meeting, including times on the 1/30
videotape for your convenience. I believe my transcription is accurate as I
listened to the video many times to make sure I had correctly captured what
was said. The transcription details how Mayor Scharff directed the Council
on how to handle "H" as well as the Motions, and the Council voted on Items
2-5 in "H." With Item 5, it became more confusing to me with the Mayor
indicating that a yellow light now meant a City Council Member was
abstaining. Again, it was clear votes were taken on whether to discuss each
Item under "H;" however, I could find no evidence in the 1/30 video of any
pass/fail or green/red light vote for Items under "H." As such, I respectfully
request the City Manager or City Attorney review the 1/30 City Council video
and advise me in writing if I am correct or not. This would end my and
                                                                         Page 11 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
