                          TRANSCRIPT
road. However, people would no longer be able to turn left out of Everett or
travel straight across Middlefield. Alternative 6B is very similar to 6A except
that it retains two travel lanes going southbound. The northbound travel
lane drops already at Hawthorne, so it's kind of false capacity, if you will.
We don't have two lanes going north that go all the way to Willow.
However, going southbound, there are two travel lanes that begin at Willow,
and they currently end at Channing. This alternative would keep those two
southbound travel lanes and the associated motor vehicle capacity that
comes with those two travel lanes.            However, it would reduce the
northbound travel lanes to one immediately following Lytton, which is
exactly what Alternative 6A would propose. This also includes the leftover
treatments as well as the lane drop going north from Lytton Avenue. We
followed up the development of Concept Plans 6A and 6B with an additional
stakeholder meeting. We presented the two alternatives, discussed the pros
and cons of each. In general, there was very little support for these
alternatives, particularly 6A—sorry, 6B, which has four travel lanes in front
of the homes that are just north of Lytton Avenue. The folks who lived in
those homes felt that they weren't really getting the benefit of the project
because there were still four travel lanes in front of their properties, where
further north there were only three travel lanes with a two-way left turn-
lane. A lot of the stakeholders didn't feel that those alternatives really met
the goals that they had around quality of life and reducing noise and
congestion and improving the perceived safety of the corridor. We agreed to
go back and reanalyze the operation of the intersection of Lytton and
Middlefield and see if we could come up with some additional alternatives
that might get us a little bit closer to where the community wanted us to be.
What we came up with were final Alternative Concept Plans 7A and 7B. It
turns out that when we went back and analyzed the intersection of
Middlefield Road and Lytton Avenue, those two northbound departure lanes
were actually not needed to maintain the operation of the intersection.
What is needed is two southbound travel lanes on Middlefield approaching
Lytton. Without those two southbound travel lanes, the level of service of
the intersection drops to a point where we would need to do a full
environmental analysis, which would delay the implementation of the project
and may or may not require mitigation measures or other steps. Alternative
7A is a traditional road diet with leftovers at Everett and Hawthorne. You
can see heading southbound, approaching Lytton, the paved shoulders
narrow and a second southbound travel lane begins. This provides storage
for motorists that are heading south, approaching the Lytton intersection.
Concept 7B retains the two-way left turn-lane, the leftovers; however,
Concept 7B does not include paved shoulders. It has a second southbound
travel lane that goes all the way from Willow Road to Channing Avenue,
which is the current configuration. This one doesn't quite get us to where I
think the stakeholders want us to be, but it does preserve the southbound
                                                                        Page 50 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
