                          TRANSCRIPT
and the tomatoes, that kind of stuff, they're going to sue everybody. That
includes you, us, anybody that had any kind of sludge out at the place where
there was a problem. Sludge liability needs to be avoided, and we do that
right now. Some 50 years ago, smart people here in Palo Alto decided they
didn't want to be involved with that. They'd rather incinerate the bio-solids,
the sludge. For every 100 tons in, they ship 9 tons of ash away. What
never gets shown up and calculated is, by destroying those bio-solids, we
also destroy the potential for producing about 5,500 tons of greenhouse
gases a year. The incinerators are going to go. This is my little idea that
people are always saying the last 35 years that I've been in this business—
all the time, "Here's a new thing. We could do a sludge, a new use for
sludge." This is my best idea because after 35 years nothing is happening.
We could bag it up, put a picture of a reggae singer on it and sell it to the
marijuana growers in northern California for $50 a bag. This is an all-too-
familiar sight. To most people, this is tragic and filthy. To me, this is great
because what I see there is a tremendous amount of energy. We want to
create renewable, electrical energy from this project. That's one of the
stated goals. You look at how it's generated. Thermal is the most common,
creating heat. Hydroelectric, geothermal and wind, those four all require
that you turn a wheel to make a generator go. Solar is different. The thing
at the bottom is an acronym I made up that stands for The Thing Out In The
Desert With Mirrors All Around It, which somehow focuses sunlight on some
type of thermal fluid. The convection of this thermal fluid makes that work.
That's all I know about that. Pyrolysis-based system. Pyrolysis is two
words: pyro, fire, and lysis, change of shape. It uses high heat but in an
oxygen-free environment. Rather than burning it in a furnace, you're baking
it in a box. The gases are driven off, and it's a synthetic mixture called
syngas. All the gases get burned to carbon. Monoxide carbon, dioxide all
get burned, and the gases are highly controlled with oxygen added to make
them combust. Also, everything else that's nasty in there, a molecule,
subjected to 1200 degrees or more, the molecules break apart. Hazardous
materials are destroyed. There's practically no emissions from this type of
system. The system we're talking about is, in the modern sense, referred to
as thermal anaerobic gasification. Anaerobic digesters are gasifiers; they
turn bio-solids into biogas. They are biological gasifiers. The anaerobic
digester is actually the chemical reaction vessel in that. In a thermal
gasifier, they use heat to create the gases. It can gasify any carbonaceous
material, and its reaction chamber is called a retort. Things that are
available in a municipal solid waste stream, that could never be used to
create energy in an aerobic digester can be used in the thermal gasifier.
These things are not big necessarily, especially in terms of how much
material they process in a day. They heat themselves to operate that with
additional heat going, again, to make steam or burn the gas in an engine to
make electricity.    Making that same gas, you have all these different
                                                                         Page 6 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
