                         TRANSCRIPT
review and refinement when the Transportation Element returns to the
Council on May 1st; (e) additional Zoning Code amendments and policies
advancing sustainability measures would be those listed in the Staff Report
subject to additional review and refinement when the Land Use Element
returns to the Council on May 1st.

Council Member Filseth: Second.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Filseth to
accept the description of a preferred scenario for the Comprehensive Plan
Update Final Environmental Impact Report described in the Staff Report with
the following elements and adjustments:

A.   Estimated housing growth would be between Scenario 5 (3,545
     dwelling units) and Scenario 4 (4,420 dwelling units); and

B.   Estimated non-residential square footage would be similar to
     Scenario 2 (3 million square feet, of which 1.3 million square feet has
     already been approved at the Stanford University Medical Center); and

C.   Estimated employment growth would be between Scenario 2 (9,850
     jobs) and 11,500 jobs; and

D.   Transportation investments would be those listed in the Staff Report,
     subject to additional review and refinement when the Transportation
     Element returns to Council on May 1; and

E.   Additional Zoning Code amendments and policies advancing
     sustainability measures would be those listed in the Staff Report,
     subject to additional review and refinement when the Land Use
     Element returns to Council on May 1.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor? Did you modify the recommendation under (a) from
the Staff?

Mayor Scharff: I did. I did (inaudible) it. I'm going to briefly speak to it.
It's important that we take a moderate and balanced approach to this.
When looking at the housing numbers and looking at historical growth rates
and looking at our schools and looking at a lot of that, what we are doing by
going from 3,545 to 4,420 on this is saying to the community we want more
housing, we want to make room for more people in our community. Our
traditional growth rate would be—I don't have it in front of me. (Inaudible)
                                                                          Page 68 of 91
                                                           Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 03/20/17
