                          TRANSCRIPT
that I know is going to be for 15 years. No matter what we may say, this is
supposed to be 'til 2030. No matter that it's going to run probably 'til 2035.
This is about the future. This is about those who are going to move here in
the future. Somebody said it earlier tonight; I don't remember who. They
talked about diverse housing for a diverse group and a diverse community.
I heard that many times during the election, that diversity issue. You need
housing for, as somebody came earlier tonight, the developmentally
disabled. You need housing for those who are aging and would like to age in
place but still want to have their kids involved. What this does is give us a
flexible number that we can aim for. I'm not sure there will be support for
it. This is a laudable number that we could aim for tonight.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I just want to state that I agree with you and Council
Member Filseth that we want to do a balanced approach moving forward in
terms of growth here in Palo Alto. I would like to ask that you consider
Stanford's number in terms of their population growth. That will have an
effect on Palo Alto itself. If I may make a friendly Amendment …

Mayor Scharff: We're actually talking about the Amendment. Are you going
to amend the Amendment?

Council Member Kou: I'm so sorry. I'm not amending his Amendment. No.

Mayor Scharff: Fair enough. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I said earlier there's a difference between what we
want and what we can do. Actually when it comes to this number, the
original Motion cut it closer to right, not that there is a perfect. There's not
a perfect. We had a lot of comments—yes, we've heard from a lot of people
who said go big on housing. We also have a lot of people who have
commented and responded to the Citizen Survey to talk about the physical
effect to the built environment. We haven't seen to this point in time any
drawings, any scope that show what this kind of development would look
like, unless I've overlooked them. I'm used to seeing those kinds of
drawings to see what this would look like, how might this impact our
community. I can't support this for a variety reasons, if I wanted to.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I want to ask Staff a practical question. What's
the ramification of picking a slightly different range versus another? What in
fact does it have in terms of what we do as a City?

                                                                            Page 73 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
