                          TRANSCRIPT
and Scenario 6. Moving on to nonresidential square footage. We had a
discussion with the Council about the growth cap that's in the current Comp
Plan, Policy L-8, and got your direction about that. Basically, the Council
directed us to update that cap and include 1.7 million square feet, which is
what's remaining under the original cap, with some updates and changes to
focus on office/R&D. If we do that—in our opinion it's what the Council has
articulated—the way it would play out in one of the EIR scenarios is to really
be like Scenario 2, which assumes 3 million square feet of nonresidential
space. Of course, 1.3 million of that has already been approved at the
Medical Center. Moving on to jobs. Again, the Council had a discussion
about the office annual limit, which is the one policy lever we think of that
can really contribute to the amount of nonresidential development that
happens in Palo Alto over the next 15 years. I should say that job growth is
one of the hardest things to project because—you know this—we don't
always see a proportional relationship between new development and new
jobs like we do on the housing side. It tends to be a pretty proportional
relationship. On the job side, with economic cycles the employment density
sort of wax and wane. You can have a lot of job growth even if you don't
add a lot of square footage. It becomes a little bit of an art to try and
project what job growth is going to look like. The office annual limit is one
of those things that the Council has directed us to pursue as an Ordinance.
That, we know, does have an impact on the amount of development that
happens and, therefore, the amount of jobs. Just thinking about it big
picture, our thought was that the preferred scenario, therefore, would fall
between the job numbers for Scenario 2 and Scenario 3. These are the
middle-of-the-road scenarios in the EIR. The Staff Report talks about some
of the transportation investments that we think would be appropriate and
the preferred scenario. This is based on the list that's in the Transportation
Element, that the Council didn't quite have time to get to the last time we
talked about it on January 30th. We're bringing that back to you on
May 1st. Obviously, the Transportation Element is full of policies about
reducing reliance on single occupancy vehicles and the like. We know all of
that will be in the preferred scenario, but this is specifically a list of
investment or capital improvements related to transportation that we want
to try and refine with you this evening, if possible. If not this evening, then
on May 1st. Similarly, there are a number of other zoning changes and
policies related to sustainability. We would like to confirm with you whether
these reflect your understanding of the direction we're going in and whether
we can articulate them as part of the preferred scenario. This is really a
three or four-part meeting. The last part of the Staff Report deals with this
question about the placement of programs in the Comprehensive Plan itself.
We provided some information in a memo to the Council just summarizing
where we are with implementation programs. In the current Comp Plan,
there are 266 programs. This is the second column there. This does not
                                                                            Page 16 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
