                   ACTION MINUTES
MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by
Council Member Wolbach to direct Staff to include in the final Draft of the
Comprehensive Plan Update:

2.   Transportation Infrastructure Assumptions:

     A.    Elements of the County’s Expressway Plan 2040 in or near Palo
           Alto, including widening Oregon Expressway-Page Mill Road with
           High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) lanes and a separated
           bicycle/pedestrian trail between Interstate 280 and Foothill
           Expressway intersection improvements along Oregon-Page Mill
           between Porter Drive and Hansen Way and at El Camino Real,
           reconfiguration of the interchange at Interstate 280/Oregon
           Expressway-Page Mill Road, and an ITS/signal system
           Countywide; and

     B.    United States Route 101 southbound improvements from San
           Antonio Road and Rengstorff Ave.; and

     C.    Caltrain modernization including electrification; and

     D.    Bus rapid transit in mixed flow lanes on El Camino Real using
           curbside boarding platforms and queue jumping; and

     E.    Improved circulation in the Palo Alto Transit Center, including
           direct access to El Camino Real for transit vehicles; and

     F.    Add to the Roadway and Intersection Improvements Sub-
           section, “the City will review these proposals as provided for in
           the regional collaboration policies contained in this Element”
           after “under the jurisdiction of the City.”

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Fine to direct
Staff to include in the final Draft of the Comprehensive Plan Update:

3.   Other Transportation Element Revisions:

     A.    Reducing reliance on single occupant vehicles through
           Transportation Demand Management (TDM), expansion of the
           shuttle program, bicycle & pedestrian improvements, and other
           means; and
                                                                          Page 6 of 16
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 5/1/17
