                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka: The only thing that bothered me is I remember
during the recession here in Palo Alto—we did have a recession, and rents
did drop, and housing prices did drop. I remember a report from the City
Manager—I think it was at one of the City Council Retreats—where you
looked at different uses of land and which one made money for the City and
which one lost money for the City. You had a chart—I was looking for it on
my computer; I cannot find it right now. I might be getting this wrong. It
was like hotels was number one use, like net revenue to the City, followed
by retail, followed by office and then housing. I remember office and
housing being slightly negative. I was wondering if the City Manager
happens to remember that slide or can speak more about it. That's the
question the Vice Mayor was asking a little bit earlier.

Mr. Keene: I don't know that I remember exactly that slide. In this case,
for the most part, we're just talking about the financial impact of these
different uses. Generally, those sorts of uses are accurate.

Mayor Scharff: Go on.

Mr. Keene: No, I'm sorry. Was there more to your question?

Council Member Tanaka: No. I'm just trying to think of that slide. I kept it
somewhere, but I can't find it right now. My question is more about is this
really right or not. In that analysis I remember seeing earlier, it showed
housing actually being negative. That's why I’m questioning is this right or
not.

Mr. Keene: There are different factors. The analysis that we've done isn't
necessarily the full cost to the community of different uses right at times.
There's different ways this has been sliced. I'm guessing that. The housing
numbers that we have are based upon the impact on the City's operations
and costs.     It doesn't deal with other costs that can accrue in the
community, or benefits. Correct? This can get to be a multidimensional
conversation.

Mr. Gitelman: Council Member Tanaka, it was precisely because of past
studies and thoughts such as those you've been referring to that we asked
EPS to undertake a study with regard to this Comp Plan. They looked
specifically at this issue of the impacts of growth on the General Fund.
Maybe Ben can comment further.

Mr. Sigman: I'd love to add one comment. A lot of these studies depend on
how you assign revenues and costs.             There have certainly been past
studies—I'm not sure if it was the City Manager slide or not—in Palo Alto
that attributed, for instance, all retail sales to commercial uses or attributed
                                                                            Page 65 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
