                          TRANSCRIPT
safety, which is the most important thing. I do support the Motion. Like
Council Member Wolbach, I came in here fairly open and unsure between 7A
and 7B. I do like the wider lanes, and I like the sightlines. I do want to
quickly make a couple of points that I don't think have been made yet.
Josh, how long have you been here with Palo Alto?

Mr. Mello: I think it's about 18 months now.

Council Member DuBois: Shorter than I thought actually. This is a long-
term problem. It's not Josh's problem or fault. For my fellow Council
Members, we really need to start to think about congestion in a big way. If
you look at the Citizen Survey, ease of travel by car in Palo Alto has gone
from 66 percent in 2010 to 44 percent, a 22 percent drop. That's a key
performance metric that's not moving in the right direction. I think we've
really got to figure how we at least stop that drop, if not turn it around.
We've got to look at our arterials. We don't have that many arterials. I am
concerned that we didn't consider any growth assumptions. We're going to
have growth. In terms of congestion, Menlo Park wasn't really mentioned
much in the Staff Report. We need to engage them in a much more
aggressive way. They have a lot of development occurring on El Camino,
and they need to upgrade their arterials. They have Marsh Road, they have
Willow Road, and they route their traffic through Palo Alto to get to El
Camino. With some of these new projects, we really need to talk to them
about getting some of that traffic through Menlo Park to El Camino. Willow
from 101 creates a lot of frustration in drivers. It went through a road diet,
and it's one lane. When you hit Middlefield, it two lanes. Drivers are pent
up, and the speed increases quite a bit there. Finally, we didn't really talk
about enforcement very much. I'm not a big fan of traffic cameras, but this
might be a place to capture illegal left turns. If it was really for this
egregious—where a turn is not allowed, that might be something we want to
consider. Police enforcement there due to the traffic is pretty difficult. We
had a long discussion here. I think it really could be framed pretty simply.
We have a residential arterial, like many arterials, and we're trying to decide
do we want it to be more arterial or more residential. We should look at this
pilot and really, like I said before, understand the metrics of success here. I
think measurement is really critical. I'm really excited to hear about trying
out some new measurement devices.               I'd like to make a friendly
Amendment, Liz.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm listening.

Council Member DuBois: I would add a "D, which …

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm waiting.

                                                                        Page 71 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
