                          TRANSCRIPT
or restrict how people use their back rooms or their basement space is one
I'm not as sure about as I used to be based on what we're hearing from the
business community. On the question of 15 people per class for yoga or
martial arts or dance studios, etc., it was actually really interesting to hear
that explanation, that exchange between Council Member Filseth and Staff.
Looking at that, my first question really is do we want to restrict to under
15. If the idea is to encourage the small ones to at least get started and
then they can go for a Conditional Use Permit (CUP), I'm not sure that's the
best approach. I'm trying to think of a better one off the top of my head,
and I can't. Again, that's a question we might want to explore. If our goal
is to encourage vibrant activity, having a small class—let's say you're a
coffee shop owner, a restaurateur, talking to the gentleman who runs
Printer's Café on Cal. Ave. They have an athletic place that went in next to
them. I thought that would be great for them. They've got people coming
in, going to have class, get out, and then they're going to be hungry and
want to go get some coffee or food. What I'm hearing is that because it's a
small group of people in there or very few people in there at a time, it
actually doesn't create a lot of foot traffic and doesn't add to the vibrancy.
Especially on Cal. Ave. itself and on University Ave. itself, unlike the side
streets, I would want to make sure that any studios for martial arts or
(inaudible) or other athletic things—make sure that we encourage ones that
have denser use of people in whatever size space they have. A moderate to
small space with a lot of people is probably the best thing to create
customers who walk out of their workout hungry and then spend their
money in the restaurants. I share the concerns and really care about how
we make sure we maintain flexibility about how people treat their windows
and use those. We should maybe be a little bit more flexible on how we
restrict signs. I'm skeptical about expanding the area, particularly into the
SOFA II area because a lot of work went into that. I don't think we've done
enough thinking about whether we want to mess with all the time that went
into developing that coordinated area plan. The issue of making sure that
waiver applications can be handled in a more timely manner is really
important.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:        First of all, I want to say I appreciate the
opportunity to have questions and discussion. This is an important issue. I
know we want to get to the RPP, but this really deserves some time. I
appreciate that. I had a question on the new kind of hardship case or the
active viable use. Is that a CUP process? How would that be administered?

Ms. Eisberg: It's not a CUP process; it's a separate process. The idea was
that the economic hardship threshold was very high.           To show an
                                                                        Page 70 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
