                          TRANSCRIPT
can cover them for some interim and see if that helps our City going
forward? A few separate questions. In terms of paratransit coverage, do
you know the shift in number of folks who are moving from the $4 shed to
the $16 shed roughly, how many residences?

Mr. Burger: I do not know offhand. I believe that—it's 222 actually that
would make the shift in the proposed Draft Plan if VTA does not update its
service plan. The other relevant number is that 95 current clients would fall
outside the service area if VTA keeps the current plan.

Council Member Fine: Ninety-five folks would move from $4 a ride to $16.

Mr. Burger: Two hundred twenty-two would make the price jump; 95 would
be without service entirely.

Council Member Fine: I hope everyone heard that. That's pretty significant.
I think it would be helpful for us to see those maps actually and see what
the current area is and then what the future would be under these different
ridership plans. My guess is they disproportionately affect certain areas in
south Palo Alto. The last question is about the ridership of midday riders on
the 88. I used to take the 88 from Gunn High back to College Terrace. As
many of my colleagues mentioned, it was for afterschool curricular activities;
although, I wasn't in any sports or music things. I was just hanging out with
friends. It was nice to take the bus at 4:00 or 4:30 to get back home. I'm
wondering if you have any data on the midday riders of the 88. My guess is
it might be some of our low-income seniors, people using the VA Hospital,
some midday workers who that might affect, kind of those troughs in the
ridership.

Mr. Tyree: It's a good question. I don't think we have data on the exact
demographics of those riders. We know how many of them there are. We
just don't know too much about them, and we could probably speculate like
you just did. That's probably pretty accurate. Again, those are the trips
that tend to be pretty low ridership for us. That's why the proposal.

Council Member Fine: I guess just a comment there. The new 288A and B
are more folks on the school bell schedules. That's nice in a way, but we're
missing those midday riders. We're also not providing opportunities for
students to get to school if it's early or a little bit later or come home early
or later. Those are issues of concern to our community. I think that's about
it for my comments. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.


                                                                         Page 23 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
