                          TRANSCRIPT
Their ratings increased from 72 percent to 77 percent. However, when you
look at the Performance Report, you see some declines in some key
performance indicators.      The number of animals handled declined 34
percent, which was primarily due to the loss of the Mountain View contract in
late 2012.     The percent of live calls responded to within 45 minutes
increased from 88 percent to 93 percent, but the percent of animals
returned to their owners declined quite a bit. Returns of dogs declined from
68 percent to 50 percent, and the percent of cats returned declined from 20
percent to 10 percent. On this next chart, what I did was I—there's a
question in the survey that asks residents how important do you think it is
for the City of Palo Alto to focus on these issues within the next 2 years.
They categorized them by their eight facets. What I've done is I've put
them in order here, highest to lowest, by how important residents thought it
was to focus on those issues. The next column is the average rating of
those questions in the survey as excellent or good. You don't see a direct
alignment where, if they rated it lower, they think there should be a higher
focus on it. What you draw from this is really hard to say. I would have
expected more of a direct correlation between that, but I don't see that
there. Natural environment is something that they think is very important.
Recreation and wellness is at the bottom of the list, but that also rates lower
as far as—it's more in the middle of ratings as excellent or good. Natural
environment rated the second highest, but yet they still think that's
something that needs to continue to be a high focus. Anyway, I thought this
would be a helpful way for you to see how these two relate to each other
when you think about your Priorities and your discussion for the next year.
One thing we did a little bit different this year was we tried to pull together
some information on demographics and how different demographic groups
responded to some of the survey questions. I put some information in the
executive summary in the report. From that, I pulled some slightly different
information where you can see some trends even within that. There were
definitely some trends from residents who have lived in Palo Alto for a longer
period of time, especially the ones who have lived here more than 20 years.
They were actually more likely to rate Palo Alto as an excellent or good place
to retire, and they were also likely to give higher ratings to the value of
services for taxes paid. They were less likely to rate mobility and the built
environment questions as excellent or good. Residents with children under
age 18 in the household were more likely to give higher ratings to the
quality of life, mobility, and built environment questions than residents
without children under age 18 in the household. High-income residents,
those who earn 300,000 or more annually, were more likely to give higher
ratings to quality of life, mobility and the built environment questions than
residents in the lower income brackets. There were also trends between
homeowners and renters. Homeowners were more likely than renters to
give higher ratings to the quality of life questions and the value of services
                                                                         Page 17 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
