                         TRANSCRIPT
that's too complex and would require too much legal and Staff work to work
out. I don't know if that's an option.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Wolbach, we do owe the Council an answer
about whether we could legally do that. I'm not sure we've gotten to the
finish line on that analysis yet. Also, we do owe the Council a study of
parking demand by housing type for different types of housing, locations of
housing, affordable housing versus market rate housing.       It's another
program in our Housing Element that we're trying to prioritize this year.
With that information, we will be able to suggest any modifications to this
standard and other parking standards based on real data from our
community. We just don't have it gathered together yet.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that. I won't propose that as an
amendment at this point. I think those are things we could look at in the
future. If it comes back when we have those studies and we're wrong, those
of us who are not supporting this amendment, then we can change it in the
future. The idea that we would not address parking as an incentive to
encourage affordable housing—I've heard several on this dais say that they
don't think we should be using reduced parking requirements as an incentive
to promote affordable housing. In the recent election, everybody who won
ran on being an affordable housing advocate. Parking requirements are one
of the most severe obstacles to affordable housing. I just want to make
sure we're really thoughtful and consistent in our values and the impacts of
our policies. I think the amendment still moves us in the right direction. I
want to go further, and the further I want to go is what's in the Staff
recommendation. I'm going to support the Staff recommendation on this
one and not support the amendment. I do want to make sure to address
those comments that I heard.        If we're not willing to touch parking
requirements for affordable housing, I don't think we can say we're being
genuine when we say we want affordable housing, especially in our
Downtown areas.

Council Member Filseth: It doesn't increase the parking supply. I think it's
wish-based. To the extent it's based on an intelligent rationale that there
will be fewer cars, I think it makes a lot of sense. To the extent it doesn't,
it's just wishful thinking based.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just real quick. I had asked during Q&A about
what's a micro unit. I think Staff originally proposed no parking for 300-
square-foot apartments, which was another way we could go. There's all
that affordable housing on Alma. They use less parking, but they still use

                                                                       Page 99 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
