                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Tommy Derrick to be followed by David Schrom.

Tommy Derrick: My name is Tommy Derrick. I've lived in Evergreen Park
for 40 years. I want to publicly thank Hillary for her leadership in pulling
this together. We got off to a rough start, and I think we've now come to a
good place. I think it's important as you consider this that you understand
that healthcare offices have two separate issues. One is employee parking,
and one is customer parking. We are happy to assist for providing very
close-by two-hour parking for all the customers that come their way. We
believe that employee parking is your problem and their problem. Just as
Jack said, I urge you to put intense pressure to move forward to find a
solution to the employee parking but stop asking the neighborhood to
provide that solution to that problem.       I would urge you to consider
changing the one-year review to a six-month review. I believe Staff can
gather all the data that's needed within six months to show that this is
working. We can get going forward with it. Please, please include a five-
year phase-out of this process. We've been here lots longer than five years
because we haven't closed this out. We need now to eliminate this program
to give your Council and future Councils the support to get a solution to
employee parking. Thanks again for the help. We've been here a long time.
I've been looking at some of you for a long number of years. I'd really like
to see the old guard with the new guard pull this together and call it done
tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. David Schrom to be followed by Bob Smith.

David Schrom: Hi. I want to begin by seconding what Tommy just said.
It's been a long haul. Thank you, guys, for hanging in there. I'm glad we're
this far along. I'd love it if we could wrap it up. I want to start by making
some observations about sound land use and transportation planning. The
only reason the streets of Evergreen Park exist is to provide access to the
adjacent properties. Before that neighborhood was developed, there were
no streets there. We put streets there solely for the purpose of providing
access to those properties. That's a universally accepted principle of sound
land use planning. How did we get to where we are today? People built
commercial buildings without sufficient parking. People operated businesses
in them without sufficient parking. You folks and your predecessors had a
hand in that by allowing it. Now, the people who use those buildings park in
the neighborhood. Who can blame them? It's an abuse of residents, but the
rules were stacked in their favor. Sometimes, even when you have an unfair
advantage, there's a benefit in surrendering because it's more important to
you to have a fair world. That's what we're really asking of our commercial
neighbors tonight. We're saying, "You guys got a benefit that really you
weren't entitled to for quite a while. Now, we want to ask you to give it up.
                                                                      Page 94 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
