                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: The issue is if it conflicts with the Comp Plan. If
you eliminate the word shared, does it not conflict with the Comp Plan
anymore? I understand what you mean. It's just does shared add any
value there because we're talking about conflicting with the Comp Plan. If
it's not shared, does it conflict with the Comp Plan?

Mayor Scharff: Does Staff …

Mr. Lait: We're fine either way.

Mayor Scharff: Let's take out the word shared.

Council Member Filseth: Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part A.v., “shared.”

Council Member Holman: Thank you all.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no further lights, can we vote on the board.

Council Member Filseth: What are we voting on?

Mayor Scharff: The Motion.

Council Member Filseth: The whole thing?

Mayor Scharff: The whole thing.

Mayor Scharff: Is there more lights?

Council Member Filseth: I wanted to go back to—sorry. I want to go back
to the lot consolidation one for a second and the parking. I wasn't sure that
we resolved that one completely.

Mayor Scharff: I didn't have to clear the lights. The voting lights.

Council Member Filseth: I'm not still 100-percent comfortable using parking
as an incentive. I know we want an incentive. Have we not learned our
lesson by now with giving away parking? Especially in SOFA. This is the
parking congestion map, and big chunks of SOFA are the red zone here. I'm
concerned if we give away parking and we say more people have a right to
this, then they're going to be fighting with everybody else and the dentists
and the Watercourse Way and everybody else. On the other hand, if we
think that affordable housing is going to have less parking that other places


                                                                        Page 96 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
