                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: Sure. Exempt Downtown from the late …

Council Member Wolbach: … or direct Staff to explore exempting Downtown.

Council Member Fine: Direct Staff to explore exempting Downtown from the
late-night uses and activities.

Council Member Filseth: I'll accept that.

Mayor Scharff: Tom, will you accept that?

Council Member DuBois: I think the way you said it it's overly broad. I
asked Staff this question, and they said there's a bunch of Ordinances
related to noise Downtown in general. I don't think you want to eliminate
those.

Council Member Fine: What I'm thinking here is if we do add housing in
certain areas of Downtown, I don't necessarily want to limit the night-time
retail uses.

Council Member DuBois: We already have limits on that. As I said, I don't
think you want to get rid of those. If you'd like to …

Council Member Fine: I don't want to get rid of them as they are, but I
don't want to add to the burden. If we add housing, night-time retail
becomes harder.

Mayor Scharff: You have a second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to explore exempting Downtown
from Section 18.16.040(b).” (New Part E)

Council Member DuBois: Can you be more explicit? The way you said it was
very general.

Mayor Scharff: Direct Staff to explore exempting Downtown from Section
18.16.04(b). I see a light. Council Member DuBois has spoken to this. Do
you want to speak more?

Council Member DuBois: Again, I think the intent is about noise near
housing. We also have Ordinances about noise at 2:00 a.m. Downtown that
I don't think we want to get rid of.

Mayor Scharff: I'm just going to speak briefly and say that it says explore.
Staff would come back to us with the pros and cons of what this would do
                                                                    Page 106 of 127
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 2/13/17
