                         TRANSCRIPT
our practice. It's clearly against our established protocols. I think it was
clear that the community was blindsided by that late-night Motion. I'm
happy to hear that you've reconsidered it. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll move to the public. We probably have a long
night towards us. I'd like to move to the public. We now have reached the
threshold. Everyone will have 2 minutes. Are you going to put it up on the
board?

Council Member Holman: Mayor Scharff, can I ask a procedural question?

Mayor Scharff: Yeah, sure.

Council Member Holman: Among the things that are on our agenda tonight,
which are myriad, I don't see commenting on the programs. We were
starting to do that at the last meeting but ran out of time for both Land Use
and Transportation. I don't know if we're going to do that tonight as well
because the CAC is going to take those up just this next week.

Mayor Scharff: Let me answer your question.

Council Member Holman: Please, and put them in some kind of order of
priority about what we're going to do. I …

Mayor Scharff: In fact, it's probably worthwhile to go through how I
anticipate the evening going. I think that might help everyone. To Council
Member Holman's question, this is coming back to us on May 1st where we'll
have an opportunity to comment on the programs in the Transportation
Element and the Land Use Element. There will be other opportunities as
other things come back to us to comment on the programs in other
elements. We don't need to do that tonight in terms of Transportation or
the Land Use Element tonight. We'll do that on May 1st.

Council Member Holman: It wouldn't be—appreciate that. Also, look to the
Director just real quickly. Any comments we would make tonight isn't going
to affect one way or the other what the CAC does this next week in working
on programs?

Ms. Gitelman: The CAC is scheduled to meet tomorrow night. Among other
things, they'll hear a presentation or summary of what the Council's
direction was this evening on the programs. We're also asking the CAC to
help us identify programs that can be consolidated and to help us by
indicating what they would recommend the prioritization would be. That
information, of course, will come to Council like all of the CAC's
recommendations at some point for your review.
                                                                          Page 25 of 91
                                                           Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 03/20/17
