                         TRANSCRIPT
and the Staff Report—that we're essentially filling in from the 2009
recommended map. Did I understand that correctly?

Ms. Eisberg: No. Let's just pull up the 2000 … The parcels in yellow are
proposed to be added. In 2009, those were removed.

Council Member Wolbach: In 2009, those were removed?

Ms. Eisberg: They were removed. This is the pre-2009 condition.

Council Member Wolbach: The 2009 one was … It's really just like those
handful of spots on High, University, and Hamilton.

Ms. Eisberg: Right. These are actually new. The idea here is extending this
ground-floor retail so it's on both sides of the street. These are existing
retail sites now. Those were not previously designated.

Council Member Wolbach: It's really just those yellow sites; those are the
only ones.

Ms. Eisberg: Just the yellow sites that are proposed to be added now.
Nothing in SOFA II, just University, Alma, Hamilton.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'm comfortable with that. Going back to
this question of how many students do you want in a class if you're having a
class, I almost want to flip it and say we want a minimum number of people.
What we don't want is just one person doing personal training alone in a big
empty space, like that spot right next to Printer's Café, where it's now a
dead zone right on an important corner. Staff, do you want to weigh in on
that, before I make (crosstalk) Motion?

Mr. Lait: That was a challenging item for us, the one on California.

Council Member Wolbach: We're still grappling with it.

Mr. Lait: One of the things that I have thought about since then is one of
the things that's guided us in the past was the size of the tenant space. The
one on California is huge. The ones that we typically see are about 1,000
square feet, give or take a couple hundred. If we added an addition to that
definition section of X number of people and no more than a tenant space of,
say, 1,000 square feet, that would solve that California Avenue issue.

Council Member Wolbach: Or phrase it in a way that it's a minimum of X
persons per space. I'm not sure how to word it. I'm not sure how to add
that to the Motion or if it's worth adding.

                                                                       Page 94 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
