                         TRANSCRIPT
spaces not having to be provided on site. Some of the TDRs that we've
talked about this evening were parking exempt TDRs, which is not a current
standard that we allow in Code, but the applicant did have an opportunity to
use that.    The parking that is provided onsite assumes the Parking
Assessment, the parking-exempt TDRs, and the balance is provided onsite in
the two subterranean structures.

Council Member Tanaka: Is the accusation that the project is under-parked
true or not according to your findings?

Mr. Lait: I guess what I can tell you is that the parking as required by the
Municipal Code is met with the designs.

Council Member Tanaka: What about square footage and FAR? Is it within
the limits of that? I've heard from some of the members of the public in
letters that say it's way too much and it's not compliant. What is the truth
there?

Mr. Lait: A mixed-use project is allowed to have up to a 1.0 FAR for
commercial development and up to 1.0 for the residential development.
With the transfer of development rights, the applicant is available to take up
to another 1.0 FAR. In no instance shall the site exceed a 3.0 FAR. That
would take it to—I think the collective parcels are 11,000 square feet. A 3.0
FAR would take it to 33,000 square feet, which they are compliant with.

Council Member Tanaka: Really we're left with the architectural aspects in
terms of the compatibility.

Mr. Lait: I would refer the Council to the findings, the Architectural Review
Board findings and the context compatibility findings.

Council Member Tanaka: When I looked at it, the rules did look very
arbitrary, so it's kind of hard to know what the—exactly how do you
compare. Let me give you an example. Let's say, for instance, adjacent to
the building was a vacant lot. There's nothing; it was just vacant land. Is
that (inaudible) compare against, a vacant lot, or would you compare it
against other nearby buildings? I guess I'm trying to understand how close
to the—what is the basis of comparison? A lot of the buildings next to it, I
assume, could be built taller. Is that right or not?

Mr. Lait: What I would do is refer the Council to the different findings that
are made and are required pursuant to the Code. One of the findings that
the project is subject to is that it is compatible with the immediate
environment of the site, that it is compatible with the adjacent and
neighboring structures. That's the guidance that's provided in the Code.
                                                                        Page 64 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
