                          TRANSCRIPT
Special Orders of the Day

2.    Selection of Applicants to Interview on February 1, 2017 for the
      Historic Resources Board, the Parks and Recreation Commission, and
      the Planning and Transportation Commission.

Mayor Scharff: I guess the next thing is the Special Orders of the Day,
which is selection of applicants to interview on February 1st, 2017, for the
Historic Resources Board, the Parks and Rec Commission, and the Planning
and Transportation Commission. Who are we missing? I think we're just
missing Eric. Eric. At places, we have a list of people. If you look on two,
we have a list of people that have applied. We now have 11 people for
Parks and Rec, and we have 13 for Planning and Transportation Commission.
What I'm going to suggest is that we don't re-interview anyone for Historic
Resources Board.      It's the same number of people; there's no new
applicants. Would you rather us vote at the next Council meeting or the
Council meeting after that, if you're Staff?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: The Council meeting after that, on the 13th.

Mayor Scharff: The preference is we vote on the 13th. What I'm going to
suggest we do on the Parks and Rec and the Planning and Transportation is
that we interview all the candidates who are new, and all the candidates that
have been interviewed have the option to interview, if they want to, a
second time. That way anyone who wants to interview, who's applying, gets
to interview for the position, but they don't feel like they have to if for some
reason they don't want to.

Council Member Holman: Second that.

Mayor Scharff:      Wait, it's not finished yet.   On the Planning and
Transportation, instead of doing 15 minutes we do 10 minutes like we did
the first time we went through these interviews. We did 10 minutes. I just
want to make sure we're consistent with what we did last time, which was
10-minute interviews. Do I still have your second? That's seconded. Any
discussion?

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to:

A.    Interview all new applicants for the Parks & Recreation Commission
      and the Planning & Transportation Commission; and

B.    Interview all previously interviewed applicants for the Parks &
      Recreation Commission and the Planning & Transportation Commission
      if they would like a second interview; and
                                                                          Page 2 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
