                         TRANSCRIPT
use is going to—you're saying the impact is going to stay on campus and not
in the community. Is it going to remain as-is now?

Ms. Palter: The golf course itself is outside the academic growth boundary,
so there's nothing proposed to change that. There's nothing really proposed
to change the athletic facilities. We recognize that as we add more students
to campus, that's another need that happens when we add students.

Council Member Holman: I understand (crosstalk) …

Ms. McCown: To go back to the driving range …

Council Member Holman: … you recognize the need, but I don't hear "We're
not going to lessen the facilities."

Ms. McCown: To go back to the driving range point, the present zoning that
was adopted in 2000 tentatively could make that a housing site. What we're
changing is to take it out of that designation so that it remains an academic
facility. Recreation uses are a part of our academic facility. It's basically
putting it back into a category that establishes that that's the continued
purpose of it, as a recreational facility. Whether a particular tennis court
gets moved, I don't think we have any answers to that. I'm not aware of
any such plans, but could we move a tennis court in the future? It could
happen.

Council Member Holman: I don't care if it's moved just as long as it isn't
lessened in numbers.         You've known me for a long time, Jean.
Understanding that you're changing the zoning so it can stay an academic
use, is the intention to keep it in athletic facility as part of the academic
buildings, for instance, and expansion there?

Ms. McCown: To my knowledge, the answer to that is yes. I'm not aware of
any proposal to change the use at the driving range.

Council Member Holman: To stay on that same kind of topic. Appreciate
what you were saying about making contributions to the College Terrace CIP
funding. I think one of the needs that we have—let's just suppose, because
especially in College Terrace or perhaps in an expanded area too, there
might be some spillover of recreational need. Would Stanford consider
instead looking to help purchase some park facilities within the City that
might be impacted? In other words to face demand that might be created.

Ms. McCown: I think the EIR will need to look at that question. As
Catherine said, our own internal study and survey of how much is being


                                                                      Page 27 of 102
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/27/17
