                         TRANSCRIPT
The Water Board requires that the City pledge the net revenues of its
wastewater system with system defined to include all wastewater collection
and treatment. The bond counsel confirmed the City's ability to pledge
revenues; however, the draft Resolution only pledges the revenues of Palo
Alto's collection enterprise and not from the other five partners to the
wastewater fund. The letter to me from the Water Board in response to my
Public Records Act request says that they've withheld additional
correspondence that is determined to be exempt from disclosure due to
attorney-client privilege and attorney work product privilege. With Palo Alto
being the only collection fund pledged, if there's a default by any of the
partners, it's our collection enterprise alone that would have to make up any
shortfall, while the other non-defaulting partners would share the burden
only if their collection enterprise funds were also pledged. City Staff may be
right that the Water Board staff will accept the Resolution with the pledge of
only Palo Alto's collection enterprise revenues. If not, the loans might be
obtained faster if pledges from the other collection enterprises are obtained
first and included with the information sent to the Board. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, if we can have a Motion on the Consent
Calendar.

Council Member Wolbach: So moved.

Council Member Kou: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Kou to approve Agenda Item Numbers 8-13.

8.    Resolution 9667 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Establishing Pledge Sources of Revenue for Repayment of State
      Revolving Fund (SRF) Loans for Planning, Design and Construction of
      Wastewater Treatment Enterprise Fund Facilities at the Palo Alto
      Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP), and Repealing
      Resolution Number 9631.”

9.    Policy and Services Committee Recommends That the City Council
      Accept the Auditor's Office Quarterly Report as of September 30, 2016.

10.   Finance Committee Recommends That the City Council Accept Macias
      Gini & O'Connell's (MGO) Audit of the City of Palo Alto's Financial
      Statements as of June 30, 2016.

11.   Approval of an Amendment to Stewardship Agreement Number
      S13147834 With Santa Clara County Fire Safe Council for an Additional
      Amount of $181,500 Annually for Three Years for a Total Amount Not-
                                                                       Page 40 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
