                          TRANSCRIPT
Packet was submitted after the last ARB meeting. He asked about recusals,
and I pointed him to the public internet where there are descriptions of
conflict of interest. Other than that, I did not learn anything that's not in the
public record.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you. I have met the applicant at social
gatherings, I believe, at the Rotary Club, where she indicated she wanted a
fair hearing. I responded to the appellant, and we did set up a meeting.
After seeing where this was going, I canceled that meeting. I didn't learn
anything from either of them outside of the record, just that both of them
want a fair hearing. I appreciate them reaching out.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I had a couple of brief exchanges with the
appellant. There was a message left for me, looking for contact information
for, as I recall it, a couple of Council Members for whom contact information
he was not able to find. By the time I could get back to him, he found them
in other ways. The other communication I had from him, when I did speak
with him, was that he contacted me regarding meeting procedures for
appellants, was it required that the appellant, the applicant and the City
Attorney all be present for a meeting with a Council Member regarding a
project as had been requested of him. I indicated I was not aware of any
such requirements. That would be something new to me.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure if it's required at this point, but I
may as well just mention that prior to, I think, our last discussion about this
project back in 2015, I spoke with the applicant and also met with the
appellant and did a site tour with the appellant. Nothing new since that
time.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I had a phone call with the appellant. He just wanted
to catch me up and find out if I was up-to-date on this project. I told him I
was.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no other lights except my own, I also had a short
phone call with the appellant, Michael Harbour. Mr. Harbour informed me—
we spoke about 10 minutes—about his opposition to the project. He thought
it was incompatible with the Victorians on Kipling Street. That was basically
                                                                          Page 29 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
