                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Feel free to speak; I just saw no lights. I'm not …

Council Member Holman: I think there are some basic design changes that
we could recommend for this. It's not like you really want to design from
the dais. That's not what's particularly a good thing to do. I strongly
suggest that we incorporate into the Motion that the height of the, as I've
referred to them, dominant and prominent first-floor concrete elements be
lowered to be more consistent with what the first-floor pattern is on the
street. That doesn't change the interior ceiling heights. It brings the
exterior visual effect down to be more consistent with the street pattern.

Mayor Scharff: That's your (inaudible). I'd have to ask Staff. I noticed that
the Staff Report talks about that the Option 1 plans reflect the pattern of
development of doorway and glazing space, roughly 25 feet in width. I just
ask Staff about that, about the …

Council Member Holman: Can I comment first? If I could.

Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Council Member Holman: The reason that the 25-foot—it's hard to tell
because dimensions weren't really well provided for this. I appreciate that
the entrances are, in theory at least, at 25-foot intervals, but that's not the
experience that one is going to have on the street. The experience one is
going to have of this building is again these prominent and dominant
concrete elements that are forward of the entrances, especially because
they're lighter in color. The light's going to hit them. The doorways are
recessed, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. The way that they're recessed
here behind these sections, it's not the experience that you're going to have
on the street.

Mayor Scharff: I'm waiting for Staff to respond.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. Through the Mayor, just quickly I'm not sure
that I completely understand what the Council Member is suggesting in
terms of design changes. We do have a condition that we're suggesting,
that's been incorporated into the Motion, that the applicant would return to
the Architectural Review Board for review and recommendations of exterior
building materials, colors, and craftsmanship. While that wouldn't create
room for a total redesign, some of these finish and design choices on the
exterior could be addressed in that context.

Council Member Holman: This isn't materials or finishes. This is literally the
design. It's literally design.

                                                                         Page 71 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
