                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Just a couple of quick comments. This project has
been to Council twice. My impression is the applicant really hasn't been
responsive to Council direction. I did ask the City Clerk—I think she did it—
to provide the verbatims from our previous meetings. I hope my Colleagues
got a chance to look through those or at least watch the videos. We've had
very extensive discussion. I don't think we need to repeat that discussion
tonight. Just quickly, I do think the issue with the loading dock remains. I
think that's going to be addressed. The scale on the first floor and the eaves
and the entryways, I think, does make the building appear to tower over its
neighbors. The visual mass and scale along Kipling remains an issue. Just
to clarify for some of the speakers that came—I think somebody else already
said this earlier—the quantitative zoning is not a right to the maximum
amount. It's up to that amount. It's not the starting point, and it's not the
minimum. We did have extensive experience about Ordinance 18.18.110,
which is our Compatibility Ordinance.          Again, when I look at those
conditions, it still appears that they have not been met. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. It's always dangerous when you
make a comment in the presence of somebody who's been around for a long
time.    Just to clarify the record, not that it's something that we're
considering tonight but just to clarify the record because I think it's
important to do so. TDRs for seismic improvement many years ago were
allowed for demolition, but also a good number of years ago, probably—this
I would have to guestimate—a good 12 years ago, 10, 12 years ago, that
practice was assured to the Planning Commission and the public that that
practice would no longer continue because it seemed to be contradictory to
the purpose of the seismic TDR Ordinance. To my knowledge, this is the
only project in the recent past that has gotten seismic TDRs for a demolition.
That said and understanding that's not in front of us, I just wanted to try to
correct the record. As Council Member DuBois said, there are a couple of
members of the ARB here. I know Board Member Lew has had a lot of
experience with this. I'd like to ask you a question, if I could please.

Mayor Scharff: You may.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Other cities—I know you do work in a
lot of other cities—have more than just the numerical standards for project
review and approval. Not to put you on the spot here, but I know San
Francisco being one that you work in a fair amount. Can you describe what
criteria they have that are not numerical or how they might relate to our
findings that are required in our Context Based Design Criteria? We're not
unusual in this, correct?

                                                                        Page 57 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
