                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I know it's not part of this project. Longer term, is
the bridge alignment something we need to consider? Is that causing these
problems? How big a contributor is the turn there?

Mr. Mello: I think the bridge is acting as a constraint right now because the
bridge is only three lanes wide. Having a wider bridge, we may not be
discussing the alternatives the way we are this evening.

Council Member DuBois: Not even wider, but I'm wondering if it could be
aligned differently where there was less of a bend somehow.

Mr. Mello: We can look into that. I don't know what the replacement
schedule is for that bridge, but we can certainly look into that and get back
to you.

Council Member DuBois: My last question here on the crosswalks in 7A. Are
those lighted? Do those have signals for pedestrians to cross Middlefield?

Mr. Mello: Typically on a residential arterial, we would look to install what
are called rectangular rapid flashing beacons, which are the high-intensity,
flashing strobe lights. As part of a pilot project, we don't necessarily know
that we could do that. It's very shady there, and they may require
hardwiring. The intent of the pilot project is to be something that could
easily be modified or removed if it doesn't work well. Long term we would
certainly want to add rectangular rapid flashing beacons. One of the reasons
we don't show crosswalks in Concept 7B is because you'd be crossing
multiple travel lanes at the same time.         Typically, when you have a
crosswalk across multiple travel lanes, you want to install some type of
enhancement like a rapid flashing beacon.

Council Member DuBois: Would that trigger an EIR in terms of adding new
signals versus the pilot?

Mr. Mello: No. Rapid flashing beacons don't require a motorist to stop; they
just serve as a warning device. They wouldn't affect arterial operations.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Thank you. I wanted to ask—there were other
concepts that you showed. Could you briefly go through 3 and 1? I don't
really care for barriers in the middle of the street, medians, because of
emergency vehicles and the difficulty of them getting onto it. It looks like


                                                                      Page 65 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
