                          TRANSCRIPT
Ken Hayes, Hayes Group Architects: You already have it up. Great.
Perfect. Thank you and good evening, Mayor Scharff, members of the
Council. My name's Ken Hayes with Hayes Group Architects. I'll be making
the presentation on behalf of our clients, the Juan family. I think this is an
opportunity for better land use, for increasing residential density, for much
needed housing on a vacant site, on a major transportation corridor with
amenities and services nearby. The site is on the west side of El Camino
Real. It's currently in the—land use is multifamily. It's zoned RM-15,
allowing a yield of 11 units as Staff had said. The site's also on the Housing
Element housing inventory, allowing up to 20 dwelling units per acre, which
would yield for this site about 15 dwelling units. The site is also considered
a node site, a pedestrian node site, in the South El Camino Real plan. This
is a guiding plan that we use. It's located in the triangle area. These
pedestrian nodes are envisioned as areas of increased density. If you read
the South El Camino Real Guidelines, those zones are nodes that offer
amenities and services to people that live there. Existing zone across the
street is CN; however, we do have some RM-30 up the street, in fact, a
smaller parcel between us and the corner parcel. To the south, there's a CS
zoned site, and there's others as well. CS zone, as you know, allows an RM-
15 residential density. We're kind of an anomaly on this side of the street.
We're right there, again RM-15. To the rear of us is the Barron Square
portion—to the west I should say—consisting of 65 condos on 6 1/2 acres,
roughly a density of 10. We did meet with them, as one of the speakers
indicated, and they expressed their concerns to us. Really no access from
Thain Way to this project and move the project as far away from Thain Way
as possible to minimize sightline issues. These are views of the site. I think
we've seen those already. I'll go through those more quickly. The 2015-23
Housing Element identifies challenges for housing in Palo Alto being there's a
jobs/housing imbalance of more than 3:1. We know all that. It's taxing the
infrastructure.   There's a high cost of land.         Smaller lot sizes make
residential development difficult. Lack of affordable housing obviously for all
segments of the population. There's limited land, nearly built out. I think
the Housing Element says 0.5 of 1 percent is developable land still
remaining. This is a diagram out of the Housing Element. It shows some of
those vacant parcels. I don't know if they're all still vacant. Our site is right
here. North on El Camino there's one other vacant site at Kendall. In
accordance with the California Housing Element law, the Regional Housing
Needs Allocation for Palo Alto through 2022 is 1,988 units of those various
breakdowns. Annual rate of housing production in Palo Alto, however, since
1970 has never produced more than 240 units per year. The average is 163
units per year.     At that rate, you're not going to meet the housing
requirement until 2026. I see this as an opportunity again. The Housing
Element strategies. They talk about strategies. Those strategies are listed
here. Goal H-2, support construction of housing near schools, transit, parks,
                                                                         Page 18 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
