                          TRANSCRIPT
there's 3 over here and 5 that doesn't have it. Could you go through those
for me please?

Mr. Mello: First, though, I'd like to say that the leftovers that would be
installed would be mountable by emergency vehicles. They could drive in
the center turn-lane and actually pass over the leftover devices. Concept
Plan 3 is what we call a traditional road diet. There's no civil improvements,
there's no islands or medians or leftovers. It would restripe the roadway to
provide one northbound travel lane, one southbound travel lane, a two-way
left turn-lane, and then either paved shoulders or bicycle lanes. This would
enable us to widen the travel lanes if we desired. You could also install
leftovers as part of this concept. That's Alternative Concept Plan 3. What
was the other one you wanted to look at, 5?

Council Member Kou: Five.

Mr. Mello: Preliminary Concept Plan 5 is adding on-street parking. This
could either be all day on-street parking or it could be time restricted so that
in the southbound morning there'd be no parking on the southbound side,
and then in the evening there'd be no parking on the northbound side. This
allows us to kind of match the roadway capacity to the demand. Some of
the concerns about this from the neighborhood stakeholders were that the
parking would probably be unutilized, and we might have unsafe passing on
the right in the parking lane, we might have confusion from motorists as to
whether the time of day allows them to drive in that travel lane. If parking
were flexible, we wouldn't gain any space for shoulders or a two-way left
turn-lane. This does match what is south of Channing Avenue today.

Council Member Kou: Your Concept Plan 3, there is a bicycle lane there or is
it again the barrier?

Mr. Mello: Concept Plan 3 is showing bicycle lanes, but those could also be
just paved shoulders with no bike lane markings. It would effectively be a
bike lane but with no designated bike lane markings.

Council Member Kou: Can I ask why did you not recommend this one, given
that it is easier for the residents on Middlefield to back out of their
driveways?

Mr. Mello: Concept Plan 7A and 7B do not propose continuous medians.
They only propose leftovers. The reason we did not advance this Concept
Plan forward is it does not address the collision history. This does not
address the broadside or left-turn collisions that are occurring at Everett.


                                                                         Page 66 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
