                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: That's fine. Go ahead.

Council Member Wolbach: There was a couple of letters that we've gotten
from Stanford. We heard another member of the public state that Stanford
has a strict policy of no housing in the Stanford Research Park. I see these
letters from you suggesting that actually something quite different might be
possible in the Stanford Research Park, even perhaps a future that basically
redesigns Stanford Research Park as a neighborhood perhaps paralleling
what Mountain View is at least exploring in their North Bayshore area, which
is probably the closest parallel that they have to our Stanford Research Park.
My question is does Stanford have a policy of no housing in the Stanford
Research Park or is there a possibility at some point in the future for the City
of Palo Alto and Stanford to sit down at the table, perhaps through
something like a coordinated area plan process, to have a serious discussion
about maybe adding more housing in the Stanford Research Park and the
necessary infrastructure improvements that would need to happen there.
Maybe as part of that discussion, talk about trip limits that might accompany
that. Is that something that Stanford is open to discussing seriously.

Ms. Griego: Thank you. Tiffany Griego, Managing Director of Stanford
Research Park. I think the comment had to do something with historic
conversations, maybe two decades past. That's how I interpreted that
comment. There is not a prohibition on housing in Stanford Research Park.
In fact, housing is currently zoned in Stanford Research Park as a conditional
use. That is currently what the Zoning Ordinance indicates today. You all
are probably familiar with the Mayfield Development Agreement, which is
also a 2005, 25-year, forward-looking development agreement between the
City of Palo Alto and Stanford, which really hits at this partnership
arrangement I think you're talking about. That is when Stanford agreed to
build a community benefit, the soccer fields, as well as committed to
building 250 housing units in exchange for transfer of development rights of
the commercial footage that was otherwise displaced by the housing units.
We did write you a letter today. I think that's what you're getting to. It
really is, quite frankly, to address what we saw in the Staff Report, which—I
forget which sections it showed up in. L-5.4.1 is where the Staff Report
indicates exploring housing along El Camino Real or along the western edge
of Stanford Research Park. We wanted to feed back into the conversation
that we have not been in discussions with the City about specific locations
for housing. We're not familiar with those specific locations that seem to be
alluded to in that policy, which is what prompted us to write the letter.
What we said to you in the letter is that we actually hear the cry for housing
from our own companies as well. They struggle to recruit and retain top
talent, largely due to the lack of housing at entry-level price points in Palo
Alto. With that we could envision a future in the Research Park where we
                                                                         Page 30 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
