                          TRANSCRIPT
Nga Pham: Hi. My name is Nga Pham. I am here representing Mothers for
More Housing. It's a new UMB [phonetic] group. I'm actually not from Palo
Alto, but I am a housing builder. Mostly this came as a response to the
complete scarcity of housing for young families.            I know, first-hand
experience, how it affects people like me. I was sent over a memo of what
the regional UMB group supports.            That's expanding housing sites.
Although, what they're supporting is multifamily housing at the Stanford
Shopping Center, the multifamily housing at Stanford Research, etc., etc., at
Stanford University Medical Center, I understand those pieces of land and
tracts are comingled. Because Stanford owns their own land and they set
their own rules, that's not really within the City confines, but I'm all for that.
What I'm seeing on this map for the intensification process is the SOFA I and
SOFA II caps, the areas that are in beige, that are multifamily responsive.
That seems to pale in contrast to the single-family color coding, which pretty
much takes up two-thirds of the zoning. I know you guys collect most of the
tax monies from office, and that's …

Mayor Scharff: That was the buzzer, just so you do need to wrap.

Ms. Pham: What I'm suggesting is that you do accommodate for more small
families by expanding more multifamily in the Oregon Expressway or letting
that be up-zoned more easily. That can connect and "T" into …

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Ms. Pham: … that area.

Mayor Scharff: Stephen Levy to be followed by Elaine Uang. Did I forget
Elizabeth Lasky? Elizabeth, come on. I …

Stephen Levy: Elizabeth's first, right?

Mayor Scharff: She was. Elizabeth, Stephen, Elaine.

Elizabeth Lasky: Thank you for listening to me. I'm Elizabeth Lasky, and I
also represent Mothers for More Housing. Regarding the Comp Plan, I
understand that childcare is being challenged as a legal use of some
commercial spaces. As a mother, you can imagine where I stand on that.
Also as a mother with a growing family, I oppose limits on residential
development, whether it be the height limit or restrictions of multifamily
zoning. We need to help the housing supply meet the real demand of young
families today. A two-bedroom apartment around here goes for more than
$3,000 a month. A single-family house hasn't been affordable by many
single families in 20 years. At least an apartment would be more dignified
than the families I know who squeeze into sublet bedrooms. Thank you.
                                                                          Page 13 of 108
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/30/17
