                         TRANSCRIPT
     only in “monitored areas.” It would also exempt medical office uses in
     the Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) area (the current Cap
     does not apply to this geographic area), and require annual monitoring
     to assess the effectiveness of development requirements and
     determine whether the Cap and the development requirements should
     be adjusted; and

B.   Annual Limit:

     Direct Staff to make permanent the Annual Limit Ordinance of 50,000
     Square Feet, separate from the Comprehensive Plan Update; and

C.   Downtown Cap:

     Eliminate the Downtown Cap found in existing Program L-8 and focus
     on monitoring development and parking demand.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're back to the main Motion. I see no lights on the
board. If we could vote on the board on the main Motion. That passes on a
5-4 Motion with Council Members DuBois, Kou, Filseth and Holman voting
no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-4 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kou no

Mayor Scharff: I'm actually tempted to go to something less controversial,
but I'm not going to. Childcare, that's what I was thinking next. I wanted
to take a break and do childcare, but I wasn't sure that wouldn't be
controversial. I think the next thing really is building heights. I think we
need to take that up and do that. I'm going to clear the board. We'll come
back on building heights, if anyone wants to speak on building heights. Vice
Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Let me take a stab on building heights. Maybe not
surprisingly, I think that this actually doesn't belong in the Comp Plan.
We've never had building heights in the Comp Plan before. This is currently
an Ordinance. Could I ask either Jim or Hillary to say something about it
currently as an Ordinance, how long it has existed, and so forth. We don't
have much history in here regarding this height limit which has been carved
in stone now for, I think, 40 years or more.

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know how far back it goes, but we know it goes back
before the last Comp Plan, because it's mentioned in the text of the current
Comp Plan that was adopted in 1998. It's been around.



                                                                     Page 51 of 108
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 1/30/17
