                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait:   If it conflicts, we would not grant it.   We would not grant the
waiver.

Council Member DuBois: It sounds like you're only looking at the off-street
versus the impact of the on-street loading zone. You think it's there?

Mr. Lait: I think it's looking at it holistically. We don't want to waive
parking if it's going to end up creating an obstruction on the roadway. That
would be cause for saying no.

Council Member DuBois: On consolidation of small lots, I absolutely support
creation of 100-percent affordable housing. Thank you for the handout. It
clarified a question I had that basically all the housing sites would now be
zoned RT-35. It looks like a lot of them already are, but some of them were
commercially zoned.

Ms. Campbell: Just to clarify, the zoning wouldn't change at all. It's just
that the development standards for when a project would forward would use
the RT-35 development standards.

Council Member DuBois: If it was zoned CS, it would be effectively an RT-
35. Is this Ordinance restricted just to this list or, as we update our housing
inventory, would this automatically change?

Ms. Campbell: Yes, I would think that we would do that. That's going to be
a little bit of time before we're updating our list, though.

Council Member DuBois: It's a little tricky because it's potentially changing
zoning on future property.

Mr. Lait: It seems to suggest the Housing Element's inventory site list is the
reference. I would say yes, if we did update that in the future, this provision
would apply. Maybe one thing we can do is specify the review period that
we're in now, add the dates for the current Housing Element, which takes us
to—I'm blanking on the date—2022. We can include that reference so that
we're clear as to which Housing Element we're referring. We can modify
that as needed if you feel like that's a concern we need to address.

Council Member DuBois: I think that would be good actually. The size, what
do people generally consider a micro unit?

Mr. Lait: We don't have a term for that in our Code. I think it may vary by
jurisdiction or who you ask on that. Small units that I've seen in other
jurisdictions that I've worked for were as low as 375 and upwards of 700 to
be considered small or micro units.

                                                                        Page 65 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
