                          TRANSCRIPT
Hamilton Hitchings: The following are my own opinions, even though I'm on
the CAC. I often drive down Hamilton Avenue, not because it shares the
same name as I do. When I do, I pass so many new office buildings. I don't
pass a single new multiunit housing. We keep talking about how we want
housing, but we're not building it. One of the reasons all these new office
buildings are going up and no one is building housing is because office has a
higher ROI. It rents for a higher dollar per square foot. That's why so many
new office buildings have been built in Palo Alto. We aren't getting the office
buildings we all say we want so badly. That's why I believe an office cap is
necessary to enable this multiunit housing. Otherwise, office will continue to
be built specifically for the Downtown, Cal. Ave. and El Camino. I'm not
talking about for Stanford Research Park, because something separate needs
to be done there. Also, we need to rezone for housing. I love Karen's
statement that you should zone for what you want. When we talk about
transportation, the key metric is single occupancy vehicles. It solves so
many problems simultaneously, reducing the number of trips, parking, traffic
and greenhouse gas emissions. It's good for employee retention. It's good
for retail, and it's good for the residents.         When you look at the
Transportation Element, think about that. A lot of folks have talked about
childcare being available in our three small neighborhood centers. I have
sent my kid to childcare at the Learning Center in Palo Alto. We looked at all
the centers. Childcare is allowed in residential neighborhoods, also in
churches. I can tell you the shopping centers just don't have enough space,
and it would be more expensive. The last thing I'd say is we got a lot of
consensus on these elements you're looking at, but there are a few places
where we didn't. For those, that's why you have choices available to you as
the Council.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.    Lisa Van Dusen to be followed by Stephanie
Munoz.

Lisa Van Dusen: Good evening, Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Kniss and Council
Members. I'd like to talk about two things in particular. It's really a lens on
what you're doing. One is social equity, and the other one is climate
change. Neither of those are particularly easy subjects or topics that people
like to think about. If you look at what you're doing and the decisions you're
making through those lenses, you will be making more thoughtful decisions.
Last week where I work, Silicon Valley Social Venture Fund, SV2, we had
three executive directors of affordable housing organizations, from HIP
Housing, SV@Home and the Community Legal Services of East Palo Alto.
There was one theme, two themes really, that came through in what they
talked about. One, the need for creativity and the opportunity that that
presents. A second was that the biggest obstacle was political will. As I
look at each of you, I think you are really ultimately the keepers of our
                                                                        Page 22 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
