                          TRANSCRIPT
City Manager Comments

Mayor Scharff: Are there other City Manager Comments?

James Keene, City Manager: Yes, sir, a few items. In relation to the
weekend storms, while the City was well prepared overall, the storm over
the weekend had less rainfall than we had anticipated and had relatively few
incidents. Public Works crews were out all weekend making sure sandbag
stations were restocked, monitoring creek levels, checking to make sure
debris was cleared. We had a number of power outages yesterday, through
the night, and into this morning due to the storm and windy conditions. The
outages were primarily caused by downed trees falling on power lines. As of
this morning, crews were still working to bring power back to all. Most of
the City has been restored. The largest outage occurred in the Midtown area
around 4:50 a.m. this morning. Approximately 875 residents were affected,
and our crews, working with Public Works to safely remove trees, restored
service. There were also some large tree branches that blocked the Caltrain
tracks for a period of time yesterday. Public Works also responded to the
West Bayshore/San Francisquito Creek site to assist Caltrans, the State
Highway Department, on the East Palo Alto side of the creek. A massive
debris had accumulated, and the Caltrans crews removed as much as
possible last night and expected to continue today. Of course, we kept a
close eye on the creek water levels all weekend, which stayed well within the
banks. All of our updated information was posted on our storm page at
cityofpaloalto.org/storms. As you can imagine, this is a good example of
one of the things that I was mentioning in the yearend Report about, in one
sense, the ordinary but extraordinary things that our Staff is doing, just the
coordination, the worry, the anxiety, the preparation between Office of
Emergency Services, Public Works, our communication folks, Utilities,
Interim Chief Ron Watson and his team in Police. I had kind of constant
conversations with folks. It's sort of all dressed up with nowhere to go in
the end of the day, which is always a good thing that we didn't have that
sort of problem. It's pretty phenomenal. We're really, really lucky to have
the Staff we have. This next item is a Report to Coleridge Avenue at Cowper
Street. This is a traffic safety pilot project. I love this one; this is
quintessential Palo Alto right here. Last April, our Staff started a six-month
traffic safety pilot project at the intersection of Coleridge Avenue and
Cowper to address neighborhood concerns about traffic safety. The pilot
project included a temporary traffic circle, yellow high-visibility crosswalks
and advanced yield lines. At the conclusion of the pilot, our Staff collected
feedback through mail and in-person surveys. While Safe Routes to School
leaders and parents of the nearby Walter Hays Elementary School submitted
very positive feedback, the survey results were evenly split with half in favor
of making the traffic circle permanent and half requesting its removal. Our
                                                                         Page 23 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
