                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Are you proposing that hotels be covered under the
cap or be extraneous from the cap?

Council Member DuBois: I think Option 4 is 45,000 square feet for office
and R&D and then 50,000 for hotels.

Mr. Keene: You'd be imposing a cap on hotels that don't exist now.

Council Member Filseth: I will accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Amendment, “and hotels” after
“exempt retail.”

Council Member DuBois: Are you going to speak to it?

Council Member Filseth: I think I've already spoken to it.

Mayor Scharff: You've spoken to it. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, it's pretty radical to just blow away the
cap and say we're not going to have any cap, when we recognize all the
issues we've been dealing with Downtown. We talked about trying to
encourage residential Downtown. Shifting the cap so it only applies to office
and R&D will actually open up Downtown to other uses. Just removing the
cap will continue to perpetuate a focus on office development. Again, Mayor
Scharff had proposed Option 4 the last time we discussed this. We have
discussed this several times.

Mayor Scharff: I don't think so.

Council Member DuBois: He's convinced me that hotel revenue Downtown
would make sense. That's why I was pushing for Option 4.

Mayor Scharff: I think I just need to respond to that. I was not pushing for
any caps on hotels. I've never had that …

Council Member DuBois: You added the exemption and a new category to
allow hotels Downtown when we had the discussion.

Mayor Scharff: Are you done? Now, I have lights from Council Member Fine
and Council Member Holman. Council Member Fine, no. Council Member
Holman, you want to speak to this Amendment or can we vote on this? I'll
keep you in line for the rest when we come back, both you and Fine, if you …



                                                                       Page 40 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
