                          TRANSCRIPT
attention to this as you have also heard the underlying subtext as we've
gone along. Just a lump of transportation, even though it works well for a
Priority, we have some transportation issues that we can really attack pretty
easily. TMA would be one of them for me. I've said enough about housing.
Infrastructure sort of stands on its own. Great to hear the new budget and
finance emphasis, both from Greg Tanaka and from Eric Filseth. Yahoo,
Karen. We'll carry on Healthy Cities and Healthy Communities. That hasn't
been easy to continue to do.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of thoughts, a couple of questions.
Again, I like everything we've talked about. I like everything said by my
colleagues. I also failed to mention earlier all the discussion about making
sure that we do Code enforcement well, making sure that the expectations
of the community and the rules that we have are followed or changed. You
either enforce the rules or change the rules. That's very important. I do
appreciate the Mayor's comments and the reminder that we have hired an
extra Code enforcement person. That doesn't mean it's a done deal. It
means that we are continuing to work on that. Looking at these five, my
first question is to the City Manager. I'd like to ask City Staff for their
thoughts on whether going all the way up to five, when our target is three,
whether you're convinced by the Mayor's suggestion that this doesn't add a
lot more to your plate but helps provide clarity rather than creating
additional workload. That's my big concern: throwing too much at you
guys.

Mr. Keene: First of all, hopefully the meeting won't go too much longer.
Molly and I are into Cheetos, and that is not a good sign. The point is well
taken. From the Staff point of view, the number of Priorities are not the
issue. The issue is the number of projects and initiatives under the Priorities
and what happens outside of the Priorities.

Council Member Wolbach: With that, I will be supporting the Motion. I will
also ask whether we want to provide any additional clarity. We've talked,
and Staff has heard our comments. When it comes to Healthy City Healthy
Community, Rob de Geus is probably going to be one of the point people on
a lot of those elements. Lalo's here for budget and finance. (inaudible)
might still be here as well. Obviously, transportation and housing both,
Hillary Gitelman is here. Infrastructure, it's a little bit Hillary Gitelman and a
lot of Public Works. Obviously, the City Manager is here. The question is do
we need to provide any sub-bullet points or do we want to keep it simple. I
could make a couple of suggestions, but I'm also totally (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: Given that we have 30 minutes before we end the meeting,
keeping it simple may be …

                                                                           Page 64 of 75
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/28/17
