                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Yes. If the applicant were proposing greater density than allowed
by the current zoning, they would need a text amendment. That application
would be filed concurrently. Today's process is that the ARB would review
the project, and there would be a condition imposed that it's subject to
approval of the Council approving the text amendment.          There is an
amendment coming forth to the City Council in March, I believe, that would
require any project that requires Council approval all come together so that
you would see the whole package and be able to approve the entirety of the
package.

Council Member Holman: Thanks for clarifying.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're at Agenda Changes, Additions, Deletions. I don't
see any.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Scharff: City Manager Comments.

Ed Shikada, Acting City Manager: Thank you, Mayor. Members of the
Council, I do have a few timely items of information I'd like to share with
you. I've got a photo of what's affectionately known as the trash rack. This
is the installation of a piece of infrastructure located adjacent to the West
Bayshore Road bridge over San Francisquito Creek. Just briefly, while it's
certainly good news for the drought, the recent heavy rains have created
some significant challenges in our area with road closures, landslides, power
failures and the like. Late last week, this trash rack as Caltrans has named
it had been installed to prevent logs and other debris from getting stuck
under the Highway 101 project, which is remaining in construction over
several years. This is a photo from this morning of Caltrans contractor
removing a broken section of this rack that had broken free during the last
storm beneath the West Bayshore Road. Tomorrow will begin to remove the
debris that has accumulated under West Bayshore, Bayshore, and Highway
101. The objective is to complete the repairs as well as debris removal
before this Thursday, when additional rain is expected to return. With
another series of storms forecast to arrive later this week, for which the
National Weather Service has issued a hazardous weather outlook
statement, we'd like to encourage everyone to review safety information
provided on the City's website, www.cityofpaloalto.org/storms and to get
prepared and stay informed. That page also contains direct dial numbers to
report trees down, utility outages, and other storm-related situations so that
                                                                       Page 32 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
