                          TRANSCRIPT
Presently, those riders would have to transfer at Tasman today. In all, what
we accomplish with this redesign is we increase the number of residents that
have access to frequent transit service by 160,000 and we increase the
number of jobs that are within access of frequent transit by 150,000. These
are things that we know work to increase transit ridership. We've seen them
be successful at other agencies that have attempted these strategies. In
terms of what that means for our current riders, about one percent of our
riders would no longer have access to transit service in this plan. That's
about 1,300 people who would go from generally poor access to no access.
On the other hand, we're able to increase those who have access to frequent
transit. Going from about moderate transit levels to good transit levels
increases by about 13,000 people, 12 percent overall. With the increases in
access for jobs and housing as well as those who currently use frequent
transit, we expect this will result in a ridership increase, but we do note the
tradeoff to those who would be without transit. We're also proposing to
increase service on the weekends. We know that folks who look to transit as
a travel option tend not to be 9:00 to 5:00, Monday through Friday
commuters. They travel at all times of the day and at all days of the week.
Many of them work in restaurant and retail sectors. We know that those
folks need travel options on Saturdays and Sundays. In the places where
those land uses exist, we proposed increasing service on weekends. To
focus on Palo Alto. First, I want to point out the services that VTA operates
in Palo Alto. We have the 22 and 522 on El Camino Real. The 22 is our local
service, stopping about every quarter mile to third mile. It operates five
times an hour, so every 12 minutes. The 522 operates on the same
alignment, operating every 15 minutes with wide stops about a mile apart.
We also operate Route 35 along Middlefield, connecting the Stanford area to
the San Antonio Transit Center as well as Route 89 connecting California to
the VA Hospital and the Gunn High School area and Route 88 which connects
the neighborhoods in northern Palo Alto to Gunn High School. We operate
two variants of Route 88 during school bell times; those are the 88L and the
88M. Other services also operate in this time, the Palo Alto shuttle and the
Marguerite shuttle in Palo Alto. What we are proposing is to flip-flop the 22
and 522 frequency, to go from five per hour on 22 to four per hour and then
from four per hour to five per hour on the 522. We're proposing to combine
Route 31 with Route 32, which goes from the San Antonio Transit Center
down to the Santa Clara Transit Center. One of our objectives in this
redesign is to build more of a grid network across the county. Connecting
small, locally serving routes together allows folks to travel farther without
having to transfer on other routes. That's the objective there. That route
would be renamed the 21. We are proposing to discontinue Route 89. It is
partially duplicated by the Marguerite shuttle in that area. We're proposing
to scale back the trips on Route 88 to be school times only and renaming
that the 288 route because it is a specifically school bell time service. I
                                                                         Page 5 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
