                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: You do have a second.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you, Council Member Holman. Now that I
have a second, I'll speak to it if I might. I think this is a better approach to
this question. I don't think putting it in the annual Performance Report,
which is created by the Auditor's Office, is the appropriate way to direct Staff
to develop this. I do think having development requirements referenced,
that we do expect the highest level of quality development requirements in
Palo Alto is an important policy. A lot of that happens out of Peter Pirnejad's
shop, out of the Development Center. We've seen great work on that. I
want to make sure we identify that we want to continue to head down that
road.    The things listed under the policies in L-1.17 and L-1.18 are
important. I think they're important but guiding policies. They're not overly
specific. I just think doing it this way, which would probably come through
the Planning Department and the Development Center rather than
something attempted through the Auditor's Office, just makes more sense
from a Staff workflow perspective. To each their own.

Mayor Scharff:    Council Member Holman, do you want to speak to your
second?

Council Member Holman: Yeah, just quickly. Going back to the line I
mentioned earlier, the purpose (inaudible) the development requirements in
the Comp Plan but develop details through a later program, meaning Comp
Plan program. Does that mean that Staff would come back or could come
back with some of the things that are in the existing programs, that we
would add based on what's in the Policies L-1.17 and L-1.18?

Ms. Gitelman: If I'm understanding you right, the answer is yes. We would
have the policy that we want these great development requirements and we
want community indicators, but it would be determined at a later date
between the Staff working with the Council exactly what those would be and
how they would be implemented.

Council Member Holman: In programs, Comp Plan programs?

Ms. Gitelman: I think the Motion would be to omit the programs, but we
would still have to implement them, and it would be outside the Comp Plan.

Council Member Holman: I was hoping for something a little bit different
than that. I'm sadly going to have to remove my second. Sorry.

SECOND WITHDRAWN BY THE SECONDER

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND
                                                                         Page 82 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
