                          TRANSCRIPT
"We're concerned about something. Staff, would you go tell us if we ought
to be concerned?" Two months later, there's an urgent Ordinance adopted,
and a month later or 2 months later it's turned into a 2 1/2-year-long thing.
Where's the problem? As I talk to our retailers, they don't say there's a big
problem other than parking and wayfinding, things that are solutions in the
works. They comment that the Council, despite voicing "we're trying to
help," has just burdened them with the RPP. That's been painful for them.
Raising the minimum wage, the business tax, the registry. They struggle to
get their signs approved. We have so many things that you all ought to be
focused on, that are low-hanging fruit that we could fix and help the retailers
and not try to tell them what their storefront glass ought to look like. I
really think we're off target here. Please don't adopt this Ordinance. If you
still feel like there's things that need to be studied or the maps that have
been walked in laser-like focused lines drawn in the past, if that needs to be
revisited, let's engage the community, and let's go do that. You heard from
the Planning Commission; it's the same thing. It's just unfortunate that
here we are at the eleventh hour, and you all are looking at an Ordinance
that isn't baked. I'll leave it there. We all love the retail. We want it to
thrive. We want a diverse Downtown. I just don't think we need to do this.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Brad Ehikian to be followed by Jon Goldman.

Brad Ehikian: Thank you. My name is Brad Ehikian, and I'm with Premier
Properties. I went back through and reviewed some of the meeting notes
from the 2009 stakeholders committee on this issue. I was really blown
away by the level of depth and participation that they went into for that
study. Unfortunately, I don't believe that happened this time. I was able to
participate in the 2016 study. It was a 45-minute phone call. I noticed
really none of my comments or concerns really made it into the report. In
my mind, this report fails on a number of levels. This report fails to really
highlight the important relationship that we have between our retailers and
our offices. It fails to address the changes in today's retail environment. In
fact, some experts believe that the fate of retail is less retail or reduced size
retail. It fails to do anything that actually helps our retailers. In fact,
expanding the district will only really dilute our existing businesses, and it
would drive foot traffic out of our core area. Really TMA and RPP low-income
permits were the first step in providing any relief to our retailers. It's
unfortunate that we're here tonight to talk about removing parking from our
employees in the RPP district, but I guess we'll get to that later. This report
fails to identify any negative impacts of the CUP process along Cal. Ave. To
date, I'm not aware of any CUP applications, which is just yet another
barrier to entry. It fails to take into consideration that some sites are just
inadequate for retail in today's environment, especially outside the core of
                                                                         Page 48 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
