                          TRANSCRIPT
that you're a member of the Council. I guess they did say it yesterday, but
it didn't sink in. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: I'm honored to give you this Proclamation.

Mr. Jones: Thank you. I'm honored to accept it, sir. By the way, Pastor
Bains, who (inaudible) 2005 and 2006. He has been one of the persons that
I've come to admire. A lot of people—as you know, I'm just speaking
(inaudible) truth. A lot of people talk the talk, but there are not too many
people that walk the walk. (inaudible) I'm very honored to receive a
Proclamation at the same time (inaudible). Martin Luther King, I can tell you
personally, would be so proud of the work that you've (inaudible). Thank
you, Mr. Mayor, and thank you, members of the City Council. This means a
great deal to me.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Number 2.

2.    American Construction Inspectors Association (ACIA) Presentation of
      the 2016 Industry Leadership of the Year Award.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're going to move on to our Study Session. Did you
collect the …

Beth Minor, City Clerk: (inaudible) Item Number 2.

Mayor Scharff: Item Number 2, I forgot Item Number 2. I apologize. We're
going to call Item Number 2, which is the American Construction Inspectors
Association presentation of the 2016 Industry Leadership of the Year Award.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director: Thank you, Council Member.
Mayor, thank you. It's hard to follow an act like that, children, honoraria’s.
Our small, little piece of the presentations tonight is a humbling offering to
the Council tonight. Peter Pirnejad, your Development Services Director,
here. With me today are a few of your dedicated staff people. George Hoyt,
your Chief Building Official—I would ask them to stand up—Bud Starmer, our
Building Inspection Supervisor, and Rob Dunbar, our Building Inspection
Specialist, and some of the other fine inspectors we have working out in the
field. You guys stand up too. Let's give them a round of applause if you
don't mind. It's an honor to share a bit of good news with you today, not as
good as the news that you received in these last three presentations. As
you may know, the Development Services Department is committed to
enforcing all aspects of the construction codes while ensuring the process is
efficient, effective, predictable, and transparent. In our continuing efforts to
be leaders in the area of progressive Building Codes, we also seek to ensure
today's complex buildings are built to comply with all aspects of the Building
                                                                          Page 6 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
