                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: It may or may not be a good idea. Clearly Council Members
have the right to change the RPP Program.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm just trying to clarify whether the Council Members are
talking about the garage permits or the RPP Program.

Council Member Fine: I was originally intending to talk about RPP. I
understand they're stickers. I think hangtags would be preferable for many
employees so they can shift them among employees as needed.

Council Member Holman: I'm good with that. It sounds like what I'm
proposing would be something additional to what you're proposing. I'm still
good with the second.

Mayor Scharff: Are you finished talking to your Motion?

Council Member Fine: Yes.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on it. That passes unanimously.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mayor Scharff: Are you done? Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: As we never got around to questions, I do have
two or three questions. It seems to me that there's a role for the Business
Registry here. Staff was saying it was hard to discern what was a retail
business and what was an office. Isn't that one of the reasons we have a
Business Registry?    To know what kind of business is operating at a
particular address. The Colleagues' Memo and even the conversation at the
Council meeting talked about prioritizing merchant and personal service,
which would include medical office. I guess my question is couldn't the
Business Registry be used for those purposes.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Holman, I'm sure there's a way to do this.
We just considered the level of effort that would be involved to administer a
program where we're trying to adjudicate between different uses. For
example, medical offices are not the same as personal services. We would
end up asking our parking permit contractor to be making these kind of calls
about various land uses. We thought it would take time and energy away
from other aspects of this program that need our attention. It was purely
about the administrative burden.

Council Member Holman: When the business registration goes in, there isn't
a basic category of—it's been a while since I looked at it. Isn't it a basic

                                                                     Page 114 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
