                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I just want to throw one more coin in the
fountain. All our mission as a group, us, you, everybody in the County, is to
provide the best possible bus and shuttle service in and to the County. I
realize there's a lot of constraints and only so many sides on this polygon. If
you look at the aggregate, we've got so much countywide sales tax and
we've got a variety of modes between shuttles and buses and operators and
geographies. They have different costs and capacities and so forth. Within
all those constraints in that polygon, I would hope we could find a way to
globally optimize and fund and keep full service on 88. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I think you've heard a lot of feedback already.
There are a lot of folks that are concerned about the coverage here in Palo
Alto. I wanted to ask you for the amount of tax revenue that you guys get
from Palo Alto and the amount that you're spending in Palo Alto. How is that
percentage different in terms of are you guys collecting more from Palo Alto
than you're providing as a percentage of your expenses?

Mr. Tyree: We haven't done that analysis. I could do that and get back to
you.

Council Member Tanaka: I think that would be really good to know. If
we're, let's say, funding twice the amount that we're getting back into Palo
Alto, that doesn't seem quite right. More specifically, I know that you have
a lot of constituents trying to pull you in many different directions and you're
trying to make a global optimization for the County.              I'm trying to
understand the political process. How do you actually finally decide where
you're going to keep, where you're going to cut, where you're going to add?
Do you do it based on fairness in terms of where you get the money or do
you do it based on who yells the loudest? What's the process for figuring
out—maybe the City Manager can answer this. I think the Vice Mayor said it
very well. It seems like Palo Alto gets cut and cut and cut. Yet, I know that
we provide quite a bit of revenue for VTA. It doesn't seem to quite balance.
I want to understand how does this happen. How can you guys collect more
money from Palo Alto and yet provide less service? Maybe the City Manager
could tell us how we fix that problem. It doesn't seem quite right.

James Keene, City Manager: We just get them to spend more money in Palo
Alto. Actually, I can give you some general numbers; I can't speak exactly
to the VTA piece of it. When we just look at sales tax in general on a
countywide basis, we have about 3 1/2 percent of the County population,
and we generate about 7 percent of the sales tax. There's a 2:1 ratio as far
as what our proportion of population is to what we contribute generally in

                                                                         Page 24 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
