                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I think it's going to be very important as we go
forward here that we vote on each part of this Motion separately, to break it
out into three parts.

Mayor Scharff: I'm not willing to do that. I think we're spending too much
as it is. I think we need to move on.

Council Member Holman: It's going to in huge ways impact the outcome.
I'll be supporting this Amendment.

Mr. Keene: You're going need to clean up the language there on the
addition, the last sentence.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think there's some good stuff in this Amendment,
but I don't think this belongs in the Comp Plan. I'm probably not going to
support it.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved,
seconded by Council Member Holman to replace Part B of the Motion with,
“Policy L-1.14 would perpetuate the interim annual limit of 50,000 square
feet of Office/R&D and expand it to apply citywide, except that an additional
50,000 square footage allocation would be provided for the Stanford
Research Park (SRP), and that allocation could be carried forward to future
years if unused, up to the existing allowable square footage in the SRP.
Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) would be exempt from the
annual limit. This exemption could be clarified to apply only to approved
uses only if desired. Establish a baseline traffic measure for the Stanford
Research Park.”

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote on the Amendment. That fails on a 6-3
vote with Council Members DuBois, Kou and Holman voting yes. The
remaining Council Members voting no.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED FAILED: 3-6 DuBois, Holman, Kou yes

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved,
seconded by Mayor Scharff to direct Staff to include in the final Draft of the
Comprehensive Plan Update:

A.   Cumulative Cap:

     Policy L-1.10 would maintain a Cumulative Cap of 1.7 million square
     feet, which is the square footage remaining under the existing cap,
     focus the Cap on Office/R&D uses and apply it citywide rather than
                                                                       Page 50 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
