                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: That's fine. I don't even know if we need direction on the
options. We can come back and do that (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: We don't need directions on the options. That's for a
separate meeting. I don't want to have a long discussion tonight about what
that looks like.

Mr. Keene: I just wanted 50,000 in there for clarification.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Not now.

Council Member Wolbach: It'll be a vibrant discussion, and we should have
that but the Comp Plan is not the place and tonight's not the night.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part B of the Motion with, “direct Staff
to make permanent the Annual Limit Ordinance of 50,000 Square Feet,
separate from the Comprehensive Plan Update.”

Mayor Scharff: Did you have another …

Council Member Fine: One last one, hopefully less contentious. On Item
Number C, I'd like to make an Amendment that we also direct Staff to
initiate a community-driven specific area plan for the Downtown area.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can just clarify. We do have a program already in this
draft Land Use Element that calls for a coordinated area plan in Downtown.
I don't know if that would be sufficient, but I wanted to point that out.

Council Member Fine: Sufficient unless I get support enough. That's all.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to add to Motion Part C, “and initiate a community driven Specific Area
Plan for the Downtown Area.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Scharff: We're back to the main Motion. I'm going to clear the
board. We need to take that out. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to talk about the annual prioritization
process. We've been calling it the annual limit, but it was really to look at
quality design, which is something we've agreed we wanted to do.


                                                                      Page 47 of 108
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/30/17
