                          TRANSCRIPT
audience, which is clarify and provide additional direction regarding the
placement of programs in the Comprehensive Plan Update, specifically select
either "A" or "B." Council Member Wolbach, is your light on?

Council Member Wolbach: I've sent a Motion to the City Clerk. I would like
to make a Motion regarding this portion, that's Part 4 of Item 16. I'm open
to possible amendments especially in light of some of the comments we
heard from CAC members, including Shani Kleinhaus and Don McDougall,
about the question of how the CAC can best be utilized to help with the
questions of prioritization, timing, etc. Here's the Motion as a starting point.
Staff to proceed with Option 4-B to include the programs in the
implementation plan and also in the main body of the Comprehensive Plan.
"B," Staff to complete the process of consolidating redundant programs and
eliminating infeasible policies and programs.        "C," Staff to incorporate
suggestions from the CAC and the public and use their own judgment to
identify relative priority and timeline for implementing programs, such as
maintaining current practice, short term, medium term or long term, or
current, 1-year, 5-year, 13-year, and estimate level of effort or cost
associated with each program, such as low, medium, or high. "D," Staff to
return to Council to review the above prior to adoption.

Council Member DuBois: I would second that.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to direct Staff to:

A.    Proceed with Option 4B to include programs in the Implementation
      Plan and also in the main body of the Comprehensive Plan; and

B.    Complete the process of consolidating redundant Programs and
      eliminating infeasible Policies/Programs; and

C.    Incorporate suggestions from Comprehensive Plan Update Citizens
      Advisory Committee (CAC) and public and use their own judgment to
      identify relative priority and timeline for implementing Programs (e.g.
      maintain current practice, short-term, medium-term, long-term; or
      current, 1-year, 5-year, 13-year) and estimate level of effort/cost
      associated with each Program (e.g. low, medium, high); and

D.    Return to Council to review the above prior to adoption.

Mayor Scharff: Would you like to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I spoke quite a bit to this issue prior to going to
the public. Again, especially for those who came in after those initial
                                                                            Page 45 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
