                         TRANSCRIPT
to the first quarter of 2015. Palo Alto sales and Use Tax revenue totaled
27.4 million for the year ending March 2016, an increase of 6.6 percent from
25.7 million during the prior 1-year period. Something good is happening in
retail. This just came out, so something good is happening regarding retail.
I didn’t raise my hand to your question, Vice Mayor Kniss, about buying
online because I almost never do. I encourage everyone that I know don't
buy online. Go to the brick and mortar because we need the sales tax
dollars, they need the support. What constitutes retail has changed. What
constitutes personal service has changed. Some specific questions for Staff.
There are some places in the Ordinance itself that reference ground floor
and some places that reference GF but don't reference R, which is what
California Avenue has. Is there a reason for that?

Ms. Eisberg: The design standards are referenced …

Council Member Holman: I'm talking about uses primarily.

Ms. Eisberg: The only use changes are in the GF district. There are no use
changes proposed in the California Avenue R combining district.

Council Member Holman: If we don't want to have, let's just say, a—I know
we have a new one there. If we don't want to have a trade school on
California Avenue, why would we—excuse me. If we don't want to have a
trade school on University Avenue, why would we want to have it on
California Avenue? It's disruptive, it would seem, to retail.

Ms. Eisberg: That could be a modification to the Ordinance, but right now
we haven't proposed any use changes (crosstalk) combining district.

Council Member Holman: Clarification. On the Ordinance, Page 5 talks
about entrances and lobbies, reception areas serving non-ground-floor uses.
Currently there's no square footage limitation to that, and there are some
instances where that seems to be quite sizable even on University Avenue.
Would Staff be amenable to putting either a square footage limit or
something like the amount needed to serve the upper floors? Would Staff
be amenable to that?

Ms. Eisberg: Yes. I think you could have a square footage cap or a cap
that's related to the width of the façade. Some of these frontages that are
larger, maybe there's a percentage of that frontage that could be a lobby,
but the other percentage would be retail.

Council Member Holman: Is there any—just to answer a question also that
Chop brought up. I agree with him, and I've brought this up a number of
times myself (inaudible) Architectural Review Board (ARB) members. Do
                                                                     Page 63 of 127
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 2/13/17
