                          TRANSCRIPT
being on Council is supposed to be fun. You're supposed to all enjoy it.
Let's all work together; let's have fun. If you don't know someone well on
Council, go out and have coffee with them or go have a drink. Get to know
each other, become friends. I hope we can all work together, frankly, to
compromise, to build consensus and to continue to solve the challenges we
face and, frankly, the problems that will undoubtedly arise this year. My
experience as a Council Member over the last—is it seven years now—seven
years is that as I sit here today we don't foresee the issues that are going to
pop up and that arise. There undoubtedly will be those challenges that
come up. There are a lot of really important things I think we need to get
done this year and things we need to lay the groundwork for. First of all,
this will be the third year of making the Comp Plan a Priority, if we make it a
Priority. Clearly, we need to get the Comp Plan done and be done with that.
We also need to focus on fully implementing our infrastructure plan and to
continue focus on ensuring that Palo Alto is fiscally sound. This will require
some discipline with the budget and new sources of revenue. We also need
to continue to focus on relieving congestion, funding the TMA and making it
effective. The other thing I really wanted to focus on was that Measure B
has passed. There's now significant money for transportation that should
come to Palo Alto. However, we as the Council, frankly, need to focus on
making sure we get our fair share of that money. They don't necessarily
just hand it over. That's something we need to do. Part of that, frankly, is
we need to start thinking about grade separations. Within Measure B there
was a lot of grade separation money. If we don't make it shovel-ready, we
don't have a plan for the community, we won't get the money; somebody
else will. We need to really focus on doing that. Now is the time for the
community to have realistic discussions, frankly, about how we achieve
grade separations in a way that enhances the community. I think these
could be some difficult conversations, but I think we need to start those
conversations and start having them. Also, likewise with the passage of
Measure A, there should be substantial funding for affordable housing. We
need to focus on ensuring that we move forward with at least one affordable
housing project, and that we address the housing needs of our community.
Finally, the primary job of the Mayor is meeting management. I know all of
you want to have meetings that end by 11:00 but are productive and
focused, yet have a thorough examination of the issues that come before us.
These are contradictory goals; we know that. I think, however, we can do
it, but I'm going to need all of your help. That means suggestions, ways to
streamline the meetings, make it work. Now, at Policy and Services, which
Tom chaired, at the suggestions of the City Manager, the Committee has
recommended that we have a second Council Retreat that focuses on
facilitating these type of governance issues. Again on the one hand, it is
another meeting, probably a Saturday meeting. I believe, along with my
colleagues on P&S, this is a good way to build consensus on how we can
                                                                          Page 7 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
