                          TRANSCRIPT
never zone this for housing. It just wouldn't be on the housing inventory
sites, which is very different than zoning for housing. We're not banning
housing on San Antonio. We're actually not banning housing on these sites.
What we're not doing is saying that on these sites you have a right to build
on them because they're in the Housing Element. We're actually creating
more flexibility by doing that. That's what we would be doing. In fact, by
putting this in here, they wouldn't actually necessarily be not zoned housing,
and we wouldn't be banning it. You'd still actually be able to build on the
housing sites there; they just wouldn't be our Housing Element sites unless
we come back to Council and change the zoning on those particular sites. I
just want to make sure I stated that correctly.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the Mayor stated it correctly. There's one nuance,
which is housing sites that are listed in our Housing Element are permitted
slightly greater densities in some cases. Where normally the zoning would
allow 15 units to the acre, if it's a housing site in our Housing Element, it's
allowed 20 units to the acre. You're right that these sites would still allow
housing.

Mayor Scharff: By not changing, eliminating these housing sites, what we're
agreeing to do is raise the density of housing on those sites, and we're
saying they have to be available for housing even if at the time we decide
we don't want it to be. By taking it out of the housing sites, we are in fact
providing more flexibility and not banning it. I don't know if that changes
anyone's mind, but I just wanted people to understand what we are
attempting to do here.

Council Member Fine: That's helpful actually. Thank you, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, did you just put your light on?

Council Member Holman: Just a quick clarification. When you and I were on
the Regional Housing Mandate Committee, we recommended that the—I
believe that was then—SummerWinds site actually not be a housing site.
That was because—the reason I bring it up is just not to clarify that but also
to address Council Member Fine's comment about how you protect
something is not to zone for it and to do things that protect it. Just to kind
of clarify that. We've done that.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I just want to say that eliminating housing sites along
San Antonio is very limiting since we have a lot of the high-tech businesses
that are not far away. If we're going to be improving our bicycle boulevards,
etc., those are means for them to get from San Antonio over to the other
                                                                        Page 73 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
