                          TRANSCRIPT
adjacent to Kipling Street inclusive of any associated mechanical equipment
shall not exceed the 50-foot height limit. With all of that, I think we would
be good on Kipling Street. With that, I wanted to say that Staff has done a
really good job on this project in terms of outlining Option 1 and how it
moves us forward to be responsive to what Council suggested. I actually
appreciate the applicant putting forth Option 1 on this process as we go
through it. With that, I'll move that we do Option 1 with all of the
recommended Conditions of Approval, which are on Packet Page 527 and
Packet Page 528 and partly on Packet Page 529.

Council Member Filseth: I'll second.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Filseth to:

A.    Deny the Appeal; and

B.    Approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration and Mitigation and
      Monitoring Plan; and

C.    Approve a modified project (Option 1) with conditions included in the
      Staff Report, Pages 6-8; and

D.    Direct Staff to return with written findings for adoption.

Mayor Scharff: Let's first get the Motion up there. While we're doing that,
I'll speak to my Motion. This has been a long road in the community. It's
been a long road for the appellant and everyone. It's time to basically put
this issue behind us. I think by going with Option 1, we're being responsive
to the concerns on Kipling Street. We're being responsive to the concerns of
the community, and we are putting this process forward for Mrs. Wong, who
actually ends up with a project. She is entitled to have a project. By going
through it in this way, I think Staff did a really good job on the Conditions of
Approval. I hope you'll support it. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I think there's been a lot of
discussion about the pros and cons of this building with respect to the
community. All of that stuff kind of isn't relevant for what we're talking
about here. Just on that subject, because the public's talked about it, not
because it's covered in the appeal, this makes our housing crunch worse, not
better. It's bad for sustainability, not good for sustainability. It gets rid of
1,500 square feet of retail and so forth. That's not really what we're here to
discuss. We're really here to discuss the applicant's property rights in the
context of our Codes. The Codes include the compatibility and Context
Based Design Criteria, and that's what we're looking at here. It's pretty
obvious to me that Options 2 and 3 don't meet the compatibility criteria. It's
                                                                          Page 68 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
