                         TRANSCRIPT
wanted to speak a little bit about why we're proposing the reduction on the
88. It was an issue that we heard a lot about in our public comments. We
heard a lot about it on Thursday night when 55 folks came here to tell us
about it. The reasoning is because Route 88 is a coverage service. It's in
areas that have low density, and it tends to have low demand throughout
the day except for periods of very high demand when children are arriving to
Gunn High School and leaving Gunn High School in the afternoon. This is
morning peak. When we get over 30 boardings per hour, that is a great
market to be in. That's a great service, and VTA wants to be there providing
that service. It's the other parts of the day when ridership is so low that we
have difficulty justifying operating that service when there are many
compelling needs at other places in the county. Similarly, here's what it
looks like in the evening. The school peaks there in red are much higher
than the rest of the day. We have proposed—I believe you have handouts of
this—revising the 88L, 88 and 88M into a 288A and a 288B, which would
roughly operate in the same parts of town. This is something that we have
further refinement to work on, working with the City, working with the PTA.
I mentioned before that your citizens, Keller and Ellson, have conducted a
survey with the school that will be very informative in how we design these
routes. We're looking forward to working on them with them. We'd like to
help folks understand what all these changes mean in terms of mobility,
what it means for how far you can travel. We use these maps called
isochron maps. What they show is how far you can travel using transit and
walking only in a certain amount of time. In Palo Alto, it does not change
very much with the current plan versus the proposed plan. The green is
areas that are served in common in both plans. The yellow, which doesn't
appear on this map, would be access lost. The blue, which barely makes an
appearance, would be access gained. We're projecting that, with all the
services in Palo Alto, Caltrain included, there would be an increase of 2.1
percent for people access, about 2,000, and a similar increase for jobs.
Looking at the 8:00 a.m. period, at midday there's a little bit more access
that is gained, but roughly a very similar transit situation for Palo Alto
residents. I'd like to mention some other efforts that VTA is working on and
that should be considered in the context of this redesign. One of them is
Measure B. In November, voters passed Measure B, a half-cent sales tax in
Santa Clara County. There are nine eligible categories for funding, one of
which is public transit. Within that public transit category, there are four
options bulleted on the slide that we can spend that money on. It would be
about $17 million per year. One of those bullets, enhance frequent core bus
network, would increase Operations Funding. That would be funds we could
put back into the network. Based on the recent passage of this and the
turnover on our Board of Directors, they have yet to make a decision about
how much funding they want to commit to each of those eligible uses. They
should be making that decision shortly. We'll have that additional funding to
                                                                        Page 6 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
