                         TRANSCRIPT
Park. Stanford expressed our concerns that proposed employee headcount
caps would have had unintended consequences of undermining the ability to
attract the employers that support long-term economic vitality and stability
in our Palo Alto. Predictable Comp Plan policies and zoning Ordinances have
attracted newcomers like Tesla, Ford, and Jazz Pharmaceuticals and have
been Palo Alto's vital contribution to the success of the Research Park. One
additional item that I did want to bring to your attention tonight in the
proposed scenario is language that supports the conversion of nonresidential
FAR to residential FAR. When discussing our shared vision for the diverse
mix of uses in the Research Park, it was our intention to express additional
or supplemental housing growth on top of commercial growth. I wanted to
make sure to make that clear to you. We ask that you take an action to
make that clear, that any housing in the Research Park would add to and not
subtract from any commercial growth that is currently available under
current zoning. We will also submit some additional comments in writing by
the deadline. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Former Vice Mayor Greg Schmid to be followed
by Bill Ross.

Greg Schmid: Good evening. It is a great opportunity for the Council who's
now beginning to look across the elements, looking for consistency. It's
important to be explicit in that consistency. I'd like to just spend my time
talking about the 3 million job growth in the new Comp Plan. Three million
is a lot; 1.3 is already voted on, but that doesn't mean that the impacts
have been felt yet. They will be felt during the course of the new Comp
Plan. The 1.7 by itself is twice as high a growth rate in new commercial
square footage as was true between 1989 and 2015, twice the rate of
growth. Already you have spent time in the last few weeks looking at TMAs,
RPPs. How do we deal with the existing problem of traffic and congestion?
The City themselves have been monitoring in the Downtown area
congestion, and they admit there are 770 spaces needed in the residential
areas to fully park.     When they asked for commercial permits in the
residential area, they asked for 1,400. Even dealing with the current
situation costs money. Where does the money come from? The only
effective TMA in the City is the SUMC, in which Stanford Medical Center has
pledge $2.5 million per year to make it work, to get one-third of the people
out of cars.

Woman: Can you speak louder?

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you very much.     Bill Ross to be followed by Don
McDougall.


                                                                         Page 31 of 91
                                                          Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 03/20/17
