                          TRANSCRIPT
the Draft Environmental Impact Report, EIR, on the update to the
Comprehensive Plan and on the draft Plan itself. There are many policies in
the draft Comprehensive Plan, which if implemented could result in a large
number of additional housing units. The existing housing crisis will most
likely not go away over the life of this draft Comprehensive Plan. Thus, we
urge you to support these policies and to include in the Draft EIR preferred
scenario the number of housing units denoted in Scenario Number 6, 6,000.
Including this high number of housing units in the preferred scenario would
provide you with the information you need regarding the environmental
impacts of these housing policies. There are a number of policies in the
Transportation Element of the draft Comprehensive Plan regarding adequate
transit options for all. We urge you to ensure that the Fiscal Study contains
an analysis of the cost for the expansion of the City's shuttle service or a
comparable program to greatly improve transit in Palo Alto and to reduce
traffic congestion. Thank you for considering our comments. The letter is
signed by Mary Alice Thornton, the first vice president of the League of
Women Voters of Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Judy Kleinberg, former Mayor, to be followed by
John Kelley.

Judy Kleinberg: Thank you. Thank you, Council Members. I'm going to
make this quick. I want to congratulate you on your vote to add accessory
dwelling units, not granny units. Now that I'm a granny, I don't like that
term. Thank you for adding housing in the residential areas and doing it in
the way that you did, which was thoughtful, so that it's not compressed and
adding problems in the neighborhoods. Now, you have another opportunity,
a bold opportunity to add housing in transit-oriented areas, where it can be
built conveniently, effectively, and where developers can make it work.
They can do mixed use and have retail on the bottom, housing on the top,
and some offices in the middle. I support having the housing, not have as
much parking because we hope those people will be self-selected, and they
will be taking public transit or biking or walking to work. It is the retailers
and the office people who actually need some place to park. As a matter of
fact, it's the old buildings where there isn't any place for retail to have
parking that really have been creating a problem. Thank you for taking this
up tonight. We support Scenario 6. Be bold, go for it. Let's get the housing
Downtown and in areas where there's transit. Let's help solve some of this
housing/jobs imbalance. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. John Kelley to be followed by Lisa Van Dusen.

John Kelley: Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Kniss, Council Members, coming
after Former Mayor Judy Kleinberg is a tough act to follow. I can start off by

                                                                            Page 40 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
