                          TRANSCRIPT
to figure out. Otherwise, we'll be here again next year thinking, "We got
another one chopped off." That's not going to be good.

Mayor Scharff: On that note, first of all I'd like to thank you guys for
coming. We really do appreciate it, and we appreciate the community
outreach you've done in the community. I think that was really helpful, the
meeting you had the other night and your willingness to take all the
comments. I wanted to say we really do appreciate it. Don't take my next
comment too badly. I really picked it up from you. What I took out of this
was that—I'd had this sense frankly—VTA is a failed transit system. You
have the lowest fare box recovery. You have the lowest ridership. Those
are really the two metrics. It's not just fare box recovery; it's ridership.
Fare box recovery indicates how much ridership you have. When you looked
at all those cities, it was really clear how poorly VTA was doing. Your
comments regarding costs are going up, labor costs primarily, which is
leading to what I would consider to be the death spiral of an agency. What
you have is labor costs and all your costs go up, and so you cut service
because you have a limited amount of money. The more service you cut,
the less ridership you have, which means the next time costs go up you
have to cut service again. You have to do something. The fact that you're
doing this is a really good thing. What I hear you coming to us and saying is
"We have a problem here. We have the lowest ridership. Our system's not
working. We need to increase ridership." I actually agree with what you
guys are doing. I agree that the 85 percent/15 percent is the right way to
go. I think that the overall picture is absolutely correct. I'm glad you're
moving in that direction. The devil, as it always is, is in the details. I think
you're hearing from us on our school routes. I think one of the Council
Members said maybe a later pickup for the Gunn students. I think if you
aggregate some of that ridership and it all comes together instead of over
three times, you then have one at 5:00, you may actually have the ridership
to justify that. I would ask that you definitely work closely with our
Transportation Staff and our community members who know this the best to
see how we aggregate that ridership where we still have it, especially with
kids and that kind of stuff, where they have a strong need. I also wanted to
make a push for the Research Park. I know we have the express stuff. I
just wanted to ask Josh. Wasn't there some discussion about having the—
was it the 522—go into the Research Park? Were we talking about that as
something that would actually pick up a bunch of ridership and reduce
congestion?

Mr. Mello: One of the things we did discuss with VTA staff at our meeting a
couple of weeks back was whether there was an opportunity to divert either
the 22 or the 522 into the Research Park on its way to the Transit Center to

                                                                         Page 26 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
