                         TRANSCRIPT
amount of development.      That's why I offered it as an Amendment and
appreciate the second.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: If we're not willing to go higher on at least
studying housing, it's imperative that we at least study going lower on the
jobs. The jobs/housing imbalance is the central crisis in Palo Alto. It's not
just about housing. As much as I do talk about housing, it is housing in a
context, and that context is supply and demand. If we're not willing to
explore a higher supply, we have to be willing to at least explore lower
demand. The lower jobs number was actually part of Scenario 6, which was
what I was behind a year ago. I appreciate Council Member Holman offering
this Amendment. As I indicated when we were talking about my earlier
Amendment, I'd be very happy to explore amendments relating to the jobs.
This is important. As a couple of members of the public, Hamilton Hitchings
for instance, pointed out, when you add jobs to the community, you create
more demand for housing. Unless we are willing to be honest and talk about
what drives the housing demand, we're never going to get ahead of the
problem.

Mayor Scharff: I'm going to speak against this Amendment. First of all,
we've heard from Staff on several occasions and from their consultant that
anything less than 9,850 jobs is completely unrealistic and puts the EIR at
risk and makes no sense. We lowered the number of jobs to 11,500 to be
balanced and reasonable. We've also heard from our consultant that we
have already 2,500 of those jobs already approved at the hospital. We also
had some job growth between—this is 15 years. We were already 2 or 3
years into this. We already have some job growth on that. We've also
talked about how employment densities and that kind of stuff are really
difficult, and it's cyclical. It's like the parking discussion. We want people
out of their cars; we want more parking; we can't just wish it into existence.
What we want to do is be balanced. We want to be balanced on the
housing. We want to be balanced on the jobs. This is not realistic. If you
start thinking about the jobs/housing imbalance, as many people including
Council Member Wolbach have said, we're not an island. What you're really
looking at is huge housing numbers on either side of us in Sunnyvale,
Mountain View and Menlo Park. You're looking at Redwood City putting in a
large number of housing units. What really matters is the transportation,
and a lot of these are along the Caltrain corridor, which is good, which will
serve Palo Alto. Those housing units will be excellent in helping us that way.
A lot of them in North Bayshore will help with the commute patterns in the
North Bayshore Park with Google, LinkedIn and some of the other big
employers that are down there. We need to be very realistic. There's two
                                                                           Page 78 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
