                         TRANSCRIPT
We're open to suggestions about the best way to set that up. That is in the
process. I wanted you to know that we're doing those three things. We're
open to doing other things because obviously this is a huge issue in our
community. It is something, I think, the Council feels strongly that we need
to respond to and do the best we can to solve. Thank you.

Study Session

1.   Fiscal Year 2016 National Citizens Survey and Performance Report.

Mayor Scharff: Now, Ms. Richardson.

Harriet Richardson, City Auditor: Good morning, Mr. Mayor, members of the
Council. Harriet Richardson, City Auditor. I'm here today to present to you
the results of the 2016 Performance Report, National Citizens Survey and
Citizen Centric Report. Let me get this working here. All of you have copies
of these in front of you. There's some in the back; they're for people in the
audience who want to look at this as we go along. Those are just the covers
of each of them. To give you just a general idea of the purpose of each of
these reports. The Performance Report is really a summary of spending,
staffing, workload, and performance information regarding the City as a
whole and each of the departments.            The City Auditor collects the
information from the departments and compiles it into a report. It does
include some information from the National Citizens Survey, which is
conducted by the National Research Center and provides residents' opinions
on a range of community issues, particularly the quality of the community
and City services. It includes questions about community engagement and
eight various facets of community involvement. The Citizens Survey is a
statistically valid survey. I'll be spending a fair amount of time discussing
the survey results. The Citizen Centric Report is a four-page, easy-to-read,
fold-out document that's meant to pull information together from both of
these reports in a format that's easy for citizens to read, puts things in
graphs, easy-to-read format.        It's got a little message from the City
Manager. It's just really meant to pull together some information that
citizens would generally be interested in. To talk about the methodologies
for each of these.        The Performance Report.      As I mentioned, the
departments provide the data and comments on significant changes. We
compile it into a report. The Office of Management and Budget in the
Administrative Services Department provides us financial data and FTE data.
We do not adjust the financial data for inflation in this report, but we do
provide in the report the inflation factor that would be used if you want to
calculate that change. We do collect some benchmarking data from external
sources, primarily from the State Controller's Office. We use some data
from the Metropolitan Transportation Commission. A couple of different

                                                                         Page 9 of 75
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/28/17
