                           TRANSCRIPT
through Nextdoor. There's all of the detailed comments from citizens
attached through January 25th, this one page that lists the feedback with
issues like airplane noise, traffic, bike safety, infrastructure, etc., etc. That's
all just background in the book for your work. Again, since a third of the
Council is brand new, a few things. Several years ago, the Council adopted
a definition of Priorities that basically said these would be things that needed
special focused attention. Generally the expectation was that the Council
would limit them to 3 Priorities. You can see we had four Priorities last year.
We actually kind of get artful about the Priorities, so we then start to
combine the Priorities into things like the built environment, and then we put
mobility, housing, parking.       Last year, we put a special emphasis on
mobility, for example. Again, the direction from prior Councils was that your
policies would be that we would not keep a Priority for more than 3 years.
One of the things that you may want to think about as members of the
Council before—you had gone through some discussions saying, "As we get
more focused on these Priorities," what started to happen is we dropped off
things like sustainability, civic engagement. There was discussion amongst
the Council about those things clogging up the Priority process by saying,
"How do we really let go of that sustainability or civic engagement or
whatever?" These are really, really important to the City. There's a whole
bunch of discussion about thinking about those things more as core values
or guiding principles. The Priority process each year would really focus on
some of these initiatives. We wouldn't lose sight of these core values and
these core principles. I'd like the Council to think about this. Today, we're
going to be setting your Priorities, and we're going to be asking you to
identify key projects within those Priorities. We've taken a first cut at that
on the things that are listed here. The discussion we'll go over after you
hear the public comment. We're also going to have a governance discussion
Retreat in April as the Mayor talked about. I'd like you to think about the
priority projects and really what it is you want to most focus on in 2017.
The governance process Retreat is really about getting more strategic and
effective on how we're going to be able to accomplish that work during the
course of the year. One of the pieces that may be missing a little bit is the
why part of this, which is this values discussion. Maybe some way that the
Council would think about some means to identify those values, not just in
the way of integrity or openness but things like sustainability, financial
stewardship, Healthy City. If you take this off your Priority list, we're not
going to say, "We're going to be an unhealthy City initiative in the future."
There's even issues like to what extent are we Palo Alto first oriented versus
regional unconcern.          Are there particular values around the built
environment in place that you would want expressed that are just guiding?
That may be more complicated. I'm just trying to put this piece out there to
realize that if you're going to stay true to your directives about the Priorities,
you may want to get more explicit about how you can define some of these
                                                                            Page 34 of 75
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/28/17
