                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to direct Staff to include in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan
Update:

A.   Pursue multifamily housing at the Stanford Shopping Center, provided
     adequate parking is maintained, as alluded to in Policy L-4.7 (the
     language could be strengthened); and

B.   Pursue multifamily housing in the Stanford Research Park, particularly
     along the El Camino Real frontage as alluded to in Program L-5.4.1
     (the language could be strengthened); and

C.   Reinstate the language in previous Policy L-33 (now Policy L-4.12 and
     Program L-1.12.3) about housing potential in the Town & Country
     area; and

D.   Include a new program to pursue multifamily housing near Stanford
     University Medical Center (SUMC) and/or in the western part of the
     Stanford Research Park.

Council Member Fine: I'll just speak to it. Given our housing crisis and the
lack of multifamily housing, which could meet it, we do need to keep all
options on the table. I don't believe the Comp Plan is the right place to take
them off the table.

Council Member DuBois: I would speak to the second. I would ask if the
maker would consider the language that Stanford provided about rather than
specifying locations in their areas—they actually proposed language here
about letting them explore various options that would include residential but
not specifying that it be along El Camino. Some of these policies were
extremely specific. They offered more general language.

Council Member Fine: I would accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part B of the Motion with, “Program L-
5.4.1 explore with Stanford University various development options for
adding to the Stanford Research Park a diverse mix of uses, including
residential, commercial hotel, conference center, commercial space for small
businesses and start-ups, retail, transit hub, and other community-
supporting services that are compatible with the existing uses, to create a
vibrant innovation-oriented community.” (New Part E)

Council Member Fine: I'm just noticing as Staff is typing it up. I didn't
intend to include "C." I think San Antonio should be a potential housing site.
                                                                       Page 62 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
