                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I also in my role as City Manager need to recuse myself on this
Item as I live within 500 feet of the proposed location under study and have
a real property interest there and need to recuse myself. I've asked the City
Attorney to text me when the next Item comes up.

Council Member Holman and James Keene left the meeting at 8:05 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. If we have a Staff presentation.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Thank you, Mayor, members of
Council. I am Josh Mello; I'm the City's Chief Transportation Official. I'm
joined this evening by Rafael Rius, who is our Traffic Engineering Lead and
performed much of the analysis work on this as related to the different
alternatives. I will jump right in. First, I want to set the tone on this
presentation by bringing your attention to the fact that Middlefield Road is
designated as a residential arterial in our currently adopted Comprehensive
Plan. The Comprehensive Plan really recognizes the balance that we need to
find on these residential arterials between mobility and quality of life. Other
residential arterials include Charleston Road, Arastradero Road. These are
roads that provide mobility both locally and regionally, but they also pass
through residential neighborhoods and, in a lot of cases, also have
residential properties actually abutting the corridors.        This particular
segment of Middlefield Road that we're going to discuss this evening has a
northern terminus of the Menlo Park city limits and a southern terminus of
Forest Avenue. This section is four travel lanes with no shoulders, no bicycle
lanes, no median and no two-way left turn-lane; therefore, very narrow
travel lanes. South of Channing Avenue, Middlefield Road is already reduced
to two travel lanes with parking on both sides. In Menlo Park, there's a
short four-lane section between the Menlo Park city limits and Willow Road,
and then Menlo Park is two lanes north of Willow Road. This project kicked
off back in June of 2015 when residents approached City Staff and brought
to our attention a pattern they saw of collisions happening along the corridor
and also some impacts that they identified related to noise, perceived safety
walking along the corridor and crossing the corridor. In reaction to that
back in June of 2015, City Staff commissioned a Report that's in your
Agenda from Stantec Consulting. That looked at different options along the
corridor and came out with a recommendation for interim improvements,
which included turn restrictions at the intersections of Everett and
Hawthorne Avenue. Those turn restriction signs were installed in June of
2015. We continued to make observations as far as compliance and any
identified safety issues beginning in June 2015. In May 2016, residents of
the Middlefield North corridor came to City Council and delivered a petition
for a road diet to City Council. We had already been planning to conduct a
more comprehensive study after the conclusion of the one-year pilot of the
                                                                        Page 47 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
