                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Hayes:   It's going to change just because I want to incorporate
comments before …

Council Member Kou: The other question then would be is per unit usually
two cars, two parking spaces? How do you count—what is the formula for
that?

Mr. Hayes: One bedrooms’ require 1 1/2 spaces.

Council Member Kou: Say that again, I'm sorry.

Mr. Hayes: One bedrooms’ require 1 1/2 spaces, and two bedrooms require
2 spaces. There's a guest parking component that is 1 space plus 10
percent of the number of units, so three.

Council Member Kou: Thank you. Do you anticipate that you'd be able to
provide that for (crosstalk)?

Mr. Hayes: That's our intention, yes.

Council Member Kou: One more thing. The trees that you have mentioned,
that's going to be going in, is that going to be mature trees that you're
putting in so when this project goes up it won't be as visible for the
neighbors and there will be some shielding?

Mr. Hayes: The trees at the back, many of those trees exist. There are lots
of trees along that back fence line. We would be supplementing that with
another planting zone on our property. We can certainly focus on trees that
are faster growing and have bigger canopies.

Council Member Kou: Don't be offended by this. I was just wondering is
there any way that you can have a different design instead of contemporary
with flat roofs? Maybe something slightly different and start a new trend
maybe.

Mr. Hayes: We have to get our RM-30 Zone change first.

Council Member Kou: We'll see about that. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you. Thank you, Staff, and thank you to the
applicant for bringing this before us. With respect and not joking, it's nice to
see a housing project in Palo Alto again. I think this is an exciting project,
and we should actually pursue intensification of housing on this site for a
number of reasons. I've heard a lot the term up-zoning tonight. I think we
                                                                         Page 23 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
