                          TRANSCRIPT
interest to protect retail throughout the City including SOFA II, where there's
retail there today.

Council Member Holman: All we're doing by this in SOFA II in terms of the
protections is just reinforcing what already exists. Changing the allowed
uses on two of those parcels or three, I think it was ultimately, is a change
to the allowed uses in SOFA II. That's why I do not think we could be
making those changes through this Ordinance.

Mr. Lait: SOFA II, I believe—I can double check this—does identify private
schools as a permitted use. We're not …

Council Member Holman: I don't think on those sites.

Mr. Lait: On RT-35, I believe it's a permitted use. Yes, we're looking at the
table now. It is a permitted land use. We're not changing the uses that are
permitted in SOFA II, but we are allowing for this Citywide Ordinance—the
motion, as I understand it, is to allow where there is a retail or retail-like use
to have that be replaced by a private school, which is a permitted land use
in the RT-35 area.

Mayor Scharff: I guess I will quickly speak to it then. That's the reason why
I support this. This is an existing use that would be allowed in the SOFA if
we didn't have the current emergency Ordinance. The people who bought
that property, to some extent, had expectations of being able to do that.
That has stood vacant for a year. I think it's a weak retail site. I'm not
prepared to have it convert to office or anything like that. That is a use that
can be used in the SOFA area as it currently exists. That's why I'm
supporting that. Council Member Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Tom, I too would like to vote on this Motion and go
home. I've noticed lately, because we're all in the Downtown area a lot,
both Anthropologie—I don't know about North Face—and 100 Addison are
both being used as a parking lot. Frankly, if I were them, I'd just rent it out
as a parking lot. Literally, they may make more doing that. Take a look.
People quickly find spots anywhere in the Downtown where there is a vacant
building, and they park there.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, you wanted to follow up?

Council Member Holman: I think I answered my own question except that I
don't think they've followed the process that's laid out in the Ordinance.
This points out the desperate need for—it is late—an economic development
or, as some communities call it, an economic vitality manager. I can think

                                                                         Page 122 of 127
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/13/17
