                          TRANSCRIPT
minimum wage requirements, and that's not what we want to do.                We're
talking about only in the …

Council Member Holman: Restaurant industry.

Vice Mayor Kniss: … subject of restaurants do we want to have this issue
taken up.

Council Member Holman: I agree with that, but also we are talking, I think,
about two different things and not one. Jim, if you want to assure us that
you got the concept, then …

Mr. Keene: I think we completely understand the concept. This more
general language sounds like it provides a slightly larger tent that could give
us direction, if the Council passes it, to see what is possible. I think one of
the issues we have always faced is whether or not anything would be viable
at the State level legislatively. This is a statement of potential interest that
the Council could have.

Council Member Holman: One last thing as a piece of this. Is the Staff
communicating with those who have come and spoken at the minimum wage
hearings, in other words the restaurant industry and restaurateurs who have
spoken? Is the Staff letting those folks know that we are pursuing this?
They might like to also participate at the State level.

Mr. Keene: We would certainly be—once the Council has actually taken
action as a body in whatever direction you want to go, we would be sharing
it with interested parties.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Everyone has spoken, and the board has lit up with three
more Council Members, if we could keep it brief. If you're unhappy with the
language, I would suggest that we change the language if it's not capturing
…

Council Member Filseth: You can take me off that. What he said is what I
meant.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think we're getting way off base. I don't think
we ever talked about redistributing tips. If somebody's a great server and
they're making a lot of money from their tips, it's their money. It really was
if you're making more money than the minimum wage including your tips,
you would be exempt from minimum wage. This new language, to me, is
                                                                          Page 42 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
