                         TRANSCRIPT
Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Ninth—6th. Sorry. It's Item Number
9.

Mayor Scharff: Nine and 11 both be moved to March 6th. Is that correct?

Mr. Shikada: That's correct. At this point, if I could be clear on that. We
are anticipating that Item Number 9, the SoBi bike item, could remain on
Consent Calendar. If there are any questions that Council Members would
like to pose to Staff, we have our window to do that. We can respond
accordingly.

Mayor Scharff: I understand you were moving this because there were
some technical issues you needed to resolve in the next week, and also
there were some Council Members that indicated they may have some
questions regarding the SoBi bike issues. I would encourage you, if you do,
to have those questions answered. I believe I need a Motion to move Items
9 and 11 to March 6th.

Vice Mayor Kniss: So moved.

Council Member Holman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to continue Agenda Item Numbers 9 - Approval of a Contract With SoBi …
and 11 - Adoption of a Resolution Amending Resolutions 9473 and 9577 … to
March 6, 2017.

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote on the board.      That passes unanimously
with Council Member Tanaka absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Tanaka absent

City Manager Comments

Mayor Scharff: Now, we have City Manager Comments.

Ed Shikada, Acting City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and members of
the Council. I believe we've got a graphic we want to show. I do have a few
items I'd like to cover, one of which is related to storm preparation and
response. Recognizing the storms over the last week in particular but also
over this entire season to date, we certainly want to acknowledge the
challenges that other communities have had. That said, here in Palo Alto,
we want to both recognize our good fortune that we have not had significant
flooding events. As I say, sometimes it's better to be lucky than good. In
our case, I would like to say that our Staff has been really good in both the
preparation and the coordination that's been needed in order to maintain
                                                                      Page 38 of 102
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/27/17
