                         TRANSCRIPT
from Palo Alto, so you're serving Palo Alto residents. Just think about how
much of your parking lot you could use for your employees. I don't want to
presume costs onto people except that. Provide for your clientele an Uber or
a taxi to and from, give them door-to-door service. I was commiserating
with a colleague here. Maybe $10 or $18 to a dental visit, and they get
door-to-door service.    If they're numbed up and shouldn't be driving
anyway, they're not driving. It's certainly not something I want to impose
or could impose. It's just a thought, because I am sympathetic to—it's just
a thought, not an imposition. It's a just thought. I don't think you need to
speak. I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be disrespectful. I'm trying to solve a
problem there.     People have talked about office density and parking
requirements. I've already mentioned TDM compliance. Given we have the
problem we do and the situation that we do in Evergreen Park and other
neighborhoods, we ought to be a little more cautious about how we go about
project approval. Office densities are not 4 per 1,000 oftentimes. I just
think we ought to be cautious and cognizant going forward how we look at
project approval. Also with TDM projects, I think we're doing a better job
now of writing Ordinances so that they are more enforceable. I just want to
make sure we are good with that, and we are prudent with that going
forward. As part of Staff coming back in a year, I would like to add an
Amendment. That would be for Staff to come back with a recommendation
on how permits could be shared within the business district by a business.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Tanaka to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to investigate ways for
businesses to share permits within the Business District.” (New Part I)

Council Member DuBois: How is that different than "H"?

Council Member Holman: This is within the business district and not just the
RPP area. "H" was intended to be in the RPP area.

Council Member Filseth: That means that Zombie Runner can share them
with European Cobblery? Is that what it means?

Council Member Holman: No. It means that Zombie Runner can share
permits among its employees.

Council Member Filseth: Isn't that what we did before?

Council Member Holman: I thought "H" was changed to be just within the
RPP Districts and not in the … I'm talking about the garages and lots in the
commercial core. "H" is only in the RPP District. That's what I thought "H"
was supposed to be.

                                                                    Page 116 of 122
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 1/23/17
