                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: If you went to the 12,000 number, you might get some
support. Obviously not by me. The 15,000. Do we have a second for that?

Council Member Tanaka: I'll second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member
Tanaka to replace Part C of the Motion with, “estimated employment growth
would be between Scenario 2 (9,850 jobs) and Scenario 4 (15,870 jobs).”

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Fine: I want to speak to this for a moment. I know this is a
little ridiculous and out there but, as we've all said, jobs drive our housing.
If this is one way to get housing, I'm actually willing to accept it. I'm not
joking, guys. I think we're being really, really poor on the housing front
here.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I support this for a different reason. Back to what
our City Manager was saying just a few minutes ago, business as usual we
had 15,000. This EIR is not a mandate of what we're going to do. It's an
analysis of what could happen and what the impacts are. Even to what
Council Member Filseth said, if you have such a tight range, does this really
let us know what's going to happen. The EIR is not a mandate saying it's
going to be this or that. It's analysis. Why would we not want a more broad
analysis to let us know what's possible?

Mayor Scharff:     Seeing no other lights—you want to speak to this
Amendment? Is it really necessary? We could just vote and turn it down.
You're not going to vote for it; I know that. That fails on a 7-2 Motion with
Tanaka and Fine voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-7 Fine, Tanaka yes

Mr. Keene: See how many 2-7 votes you can get in a row.

Mayor Scharff:   Put your lights back on for the main Motion.         Vice Mayor
Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I think it's always important to explain that since earlier
we voted for a 6,000 number, we're now back to a smaller number than we
were, but one that I still think is rational. I know there are people in our
community—I must say the lack of audience tonight is really interesting. We
had more people here for our RPP and ADU. Isn't that interesting that the
Comp Plan doesn't have quite the lightning effect that some of the others
                                                                            Page 84 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
