                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Back to you. You're done. I cleared the board, so put your
lights back on. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Follow up on the last amendment. I'd mentioned
earlier about the TDRs that are out there, that don't require parking. Would
this apply to that extra square footage? If you had a TDR that gave you an
extra 1.0 FAR, let's say, you'd still accumulate the trip count. In that way,
the TDRs that are unparked, they'd get swept up with this. Correct?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. It's any new development that's proposed without
regard to what their current parking requirement is.

Council Member Holman: Just wanted to make sure we're covered there.
The onsite loading, what number is that? Section 2. I would like to delete
Number—it's Section 2.050(a)(3). I would like to delete "3."

Mayor Scharff: She's doing the automobile dealerships.

Council Member Holman: It's the floor area ratio elimination.

Council Member Fine: No, I'm not going to accept this one.

Council Member Holman: I need a second.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Kou to add to the Motion, “remove from Section 2,
18.30(F).050(a)(3).”

Mayor Scharff:   Seconded by Council Member Kou.       You want to speak to
your Motion?

Council Member Holman: Yeah. I have experienced in other communities
how much floor area ratio can be taken up by some of these uses. I think it
could be an unfortunate outcome.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou, you want to speak to your second?

Council Member Kou: I'm just not really comfortable at all with parking
facilities with their parking for service and repair and not count it towards
the floor area. Basically the bulk of the building is going to be a lot larger
because of that. I'm really not comfortable with that, especially on the part
about queuing for drop-off. I understand it's a cleanup, but it's just too
wide. It goes too wide into the city.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

                                                                       Page 88 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
