                          TRANSCRIPT
Comp Plan scenario as a minimum in this case. For me, it's a matter of—a
gentleman spoke before about normative. I believe it's what people are
doing largely in this City at this point. The culture so far has been let's look
at traffic and safety, but let's not focus on people's needs. First, you can
focus on people's needs, and then you can creatively deal with
transportation solutions, which work to the advantage of both. Tonight, I
implore you to support the addition of more housing in Palo Alto. Serving on
the Human Relations Commission for 3 years recently, I came to understand
there's a serious need for more housing in Palo Alto. I'm particularly
interested in seniors, as you know. The issue of housing is widespread,
however, among all sorts of members of our community. I feel that the
population of over 50-year-olds would greatly benefit from scenarios that
would allow them to live in smaller units in communities of many, close-knit,
and more-densely living together groups. This would allow them to be
nearer to stores and walkable areas and to benefit from shared services,
including shared transportation.        I support the concept of converting
commercial FAR to residential units. This would benefit mixed-use projects
Downtown. All of the above, if done respectfully, could reduce the demand
for cars and transportation.        The culture of our community could be
redirected towards the use of public transportation, particularly if the City
creates different kinds of transportation alternatives such as small buses or
cars, etc. We need to have diverse housing for the diverse community that
has come to Palo Alto and also to help regional needs. As an anecdote, as a
defense attorney I have to deal with old people living alone in the residential
houses here. They were losing their driver's license, and this was a shame.
I ask for more housing and different kinds of housing. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Former Mayor Pat Burt to be followed by Deb
Goldeen.

Pat Burt: Good evening. The CAC and Staff agree that the Plan would
benefit from streamlining the programs. Also, there's been a concern
expressed by the Council that the current Plan embraces contradictory
objectives. While I'd describe the Plan as having deliberate tensions rather
than contradictions, that problem should be solved rather than abrogated.
Either way, programs provide greater clarity rather than less. The issue was
raised at the end of a long meeting without forewarning to the public or
thoughtful discourse. As the Mayor emphasized in his State of the City
speech, Palo Alto places high value on transparent and meaningful public
participation. Clearly, this recent action did not meet that standard. There
have also been misrepresentations about what actually occurred at your
January meeting. Removal of the programs was not merely a formatting
change. As was made explicitly clear at the meeting, the intention was to
eliminate all programs. The programs would be referenced merely as an
                                                                            Page 38 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
