                          TRANSCRIPT
approved it. You guys aren't going to be doing the engineering drawings for
it, etc. There will be other things that are going to really require your
hands-on, policy involvement and decision-making. For example on the
Downtown parking issues, we're going to be bringing recommendations to
you as it relates to establishing on-street, paid parking, on how we put
different controls and everything in our garages, how do you look at
reframing the cost for parking, and those sorts of things. The first example,
though, was trying to—let me say this also. This is just a simple description
of these things. As you identify this project, we would come back pretty
quickly with specific milestones on them. By doing that, you could do
exactly what you said, Liz, which is can't you do this any faster. I'm not
saying this is the right number, but we say by the end of the year we're
going to have architectural drawings at 35 percent. You're going to go, "35
percent? Go faster." Then, we start to be able to tell you how we could do
that.

Vice Mayor Kniss: That's just the answer I wanted. If we see something as
a real priority, even if it's underway, we can indicate that we'd like to see
you intensify that process.

Mr. Keene: The other thing I would invite you to think about—I was very
pointed when I said for the Council to have more ownership of the work
plan, the projects start to represent your sense of progress during the
course of a year. We have to a way to be connecting back and reporting
back with you. The second thing I would state on a more general level is to
what extent could we turn a work planning process into a communication
vehicle for you with your constituents. In the course of the year, you can go
out and say, "Here's our Priorities. Here's what we're working on. Let me
tell you what we want to get to by the end of this year. Let me tell you
where we are." We're able to give you reports that are useful when you talk
to the public; they're not just internal. When we do the year in review, it
isn't just me up here talking. You guys are able to say, "We got to where we
said we were going to get to this year," or "We didn't, but here's a good
reason why, something new came up."

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Greg.

Council Member Tanaka: I liked how you laid this out. In general, it makes
sense. I want to be clear in terms of what we're trying to do today. There
are ideas of Priorities, which is what do you put first versus second, and then
there's ideas of goals, which is we want to have this date by the end of the
year or by the time we meet again next year for our Retreat. What are we

                                                                         Page 41 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
