                         TRANSCRIPT
Nor did Stanford foresee the acquisition of the Anderson collection, which
brought thousands of major 20th century works of art to campus. What are
we thinking through in addressing what should be in the 2018 General Use
Permit? First and of great importance, as Catherine mentioned, is the
application proposes no changes to the governing principles of the
Community Plan. Consistent with the Community Plan, the Use Permit
application proposes new academic and support space, more housing,
housing to be provided on pace as academic space is added, funding for
affordable housing in surrounding communities, the continuation of the goal
of achieving no new net commute trips to campus, and the continuation of
the principle of compact infill development in the core campus, and the
continuation of the academic growth boundary. Catherine will go through
some of the more specific details of what the application includes.

Ms. Palter: Specifically, this application includes a development request of
2.275 million square feet of academic and academic support uses; 3,150
housing units or student beds; again, 40,000 square feet for childcare
facilities or for facilities that support transportation demand management
programs, like a transit hub. As before, we identified where we think this
development might occur through the use of development districts. You can
see on the chart that most of the development is in the central campus.
There is no development proposed for the Foothills district beyond the
academic growth boundary, or in the San Juan district, which is the
faculty/staff subdivision. As with the existing Use Permit, there is no
expiration date, but it's anticipated that this development would be
completed by the year 2035. Just thinking about the development request
for a moment, it's very similar to the amount that was originally authorized
in the 2000 General Use Permit, and it equates to an average annual
increase of about 1.2 percent. It's also consistent with the historic growth
rate that has occurred on campus for the last 5 decades with the exception
of the Escondido Village project, which was a very unique, large project. It's
also consistent with the moderate growth scenario in the 2009 sustainable
development study. The sustainable development study was a condition of
approval of the 2000 General Use Permit. It was required by the County
because the placement of the academic growth boundary was a new
concept, and the County wanted to make sure that Stanford could develop in
a very compact way and stay within the academic growth boundary.
Stanford was authorized 2 million square feet, but the condition said, "By
the time you've finished your first million, we want you to prepare a study
that shows how you developed the first million, and then how you anticipate
developing the second million square feet of academic development and an
entire new General Use Permit beyond that." Since Stanford didn't know
what that General Use Permit would look like, it was anticipated at that time
to be between 2018 and 2025. Stanford created three different scenarios
                                                                       Page 14 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
