                          TRANSCRIPT
you always park in front of my house?" He said, "I like your house." Then,
she said, "Can you park …" He goes, "I can park wherever I want. It's a
free country."      I guess it is, certainly if you're in an unprotected
neighborhood. Even though I do not live in Evergreen or Mayfield, I can get
behind this proposal. I do wish it were a little bit more like College Terrace's
program, because College Terrace protects residential parking 100 percent.
CT is right across from El Camino; I think that makes sense. However, if
that program is deemed unfair to business, why not just copy the Downtown
program and stick it in Mayfield? Get a TMA and phase out the business
permits, etc., and so forth. Thank you very much. It's an important job
you're doing, and I know it's not easy. Thank you for hearing of all the
points of view this evening.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Karen Machado to be followed by John Morris.

Karen Machado: Good evening. Thanks for taking the time to consider all of
our views. We're so excited that today has finally come after 4 years of
work to consider an RPP for Evergreen Park. We really appreciate this and
hope that you'll pass this proposal tonight. We've worked really hard with
the Staff, and we really appreciate Hillary and Josh and Sue-Ellen who have
spent so many hours trying to balance all the points of view of all the
different stakeholders. We give our strong support to this program. It's a
significant first step. It's a great pilot program, and we really want to see it
get implemented in April. We note that in the National Citizen Survey 85
percent of the residents in area five, which is our area, said that the quality
of life in Palo Alto was good or excellent in 2015. Whereas, only 69 percent
of the residents in this area rated the quality of life good or excellent in
2016. We feel like the parking problem and the traffic problems are some of
the things that have really contributed to this deterioration in the rating. We
feel like this is a significant issue that needs your attention. We appreciate
all the work on this. As I said, I think this is a great first step as a trial
program, but there's four issues that really require serious attention during
this trial period. The first is we need to limit the number of nonresident
permits sold. We feel like 125 in Evergreen Park is too many. We certainly
agree with the Staff that there needs to be a coordinated effort to encourage
the use of alternative transportation on Cal. Ave., and we need to make sure
that TMAs are really implemented, enforced, monitored, reviewed and really
put into place in an effective way. We thought that the City was going to be
responsible for that. We're surprised to hear that this is a reason why we
can't reduce the number of parking spaces. Thank you for your attention.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. John Morris to be followed by Samina.



                                                                         Page 87 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
