                         TRANSCRIPT
work with the EIR review components. It'll ultimately have to come back to
the Council, but we're going to be hopefully working with the Council to
establish some really dedicated times for you to work on the Comprehensive
Plan itself. The target for the CAC, the Citizens Advisory Committee, is that
they will complete its work in May 2017. We really want to track how the
Council makes the big decisions in parallel with them wrapping up their
work. Secondly, in the area of mobility in many ways there's nothing in the
non-automobile area that is more important than the Caltrain right-of-way
that we have in our City. There are a lot of parallel issues that the City's
been dealing with through its Rail Committee and at the Council. I would
really encourage that the Council think about adopting a vision for grade
separation this year. There are going to be other procedural issues, but to
start to get really clear about exactly what we mean and where we see these
things taking place and what the design is. That would be in advance of
some of the continuing studies we would do. We need to be paying
attention to our ability to compete for dollars and to make some other policy
decisions. Next in the realm of parking, we've been doing a lot. We've
worked on RPP. We have two new RPP programs that will be coming to the
Council in the first quarter this year. Evergreen Park will be before you
shortly, followed by Southgate. I think we have some updates and review to
the Downtown RPP. We will be bringing the results of an in-house Parking
Study we've been doing with the assistance of outside consultants, that
really will be looking at how we start to move to price parking as a way to
really incent alternatives. I think that will be an interesting discussion. I
think it's something that absolutely is going to have to happen, in particular
if we really want to make progress on alternative modes of transportation.
Again, in 2017 how we accelerate our efforts in TDM. We continue to focus
on mobility as a service. You have an outstanding directive related to a
transportation tax. You may want to be thinking actually, I think, about
what are some other decisions we make that generate funding in the City
that could be used. We had the Mercedes dealership to the extent that that
project comes back at all. You're going to be faced with some other
challenges as it relates to hotels. Clearly if we move forward with some new
recommendations related to parking for the long term ultimately, that can
generate revenues that could be used to really incentivize TDM in some big
ways. As VTA considers service changes that will negatively affect transit,
our Staff has been analyzing the Palo Alto free shuttle and will be shortly
bringing forward concepts for additional services for your consideration to
complement other existing and proposed routes. There's a lot of different
ways to be thinking about shuttles that we would look at working with
Council on. There's a potential to harness some of the County's Measure B
transit operations funding. We'll need to work closely with VTA both to
preserve existing transit service and to access funding. Again, over the next
six weeks roughly, the Council will have at least one community session, I
                                                                        Page 11 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
