                          TRANSCRIPT
we're trying to get to a preferred scenario. We've been kind of delaying this
decision for quite a while, and it's time we do try to get more specific. It lets
the public understand what the Plan is and gives them an ability to react. I
don't think we should leave tonight with the full range of the six scenarios.

Mayor Scharff: You want to speak again?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, since I didn't speak after making the
Motion. A couple of things. It's important to point out that based on the
specific recommendations that we made in January about policies, between
four and six was what Staff said would fit. That would fit with the policies
we were identifying. If we don't at least study up to Scenario 6 or 6,000
units, then it raises questions about which policies, which of the pro-housing
policies we supported in January are we going to want to cut. As for Council
Member DuBois' indication, I would be very open to an Amendment relating
to the job numbers and any amendments related to narrowing the range.
I'm open to friendly amendments.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED RESTATED:                   Council Member Wolbach
moved, seconded by Council Member Fine to replace Part A of the Motion
with, “estimated housing growth would be between Scenario 5 (3,545
dwelling units) and Scenario 6 (6,000 dwelling units).”

Mayor Scharff: Can we vote on the board? That fails on a 5-4 vote with
Council Members DuBois, Kou, Scharff, Filseth, and Holman voting no. I
think that's the first time I've been able to read it.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED FAILED:                4-5 Fine, Kniss, Tanaka, Wolbach
yes

Mayor Scharff: Now, we come back to the main Motion. Council Member
Holman.

Council Member Holman: I have an Amendment in "E."

Mayor Scharff: Amendment where?

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry?

Mayor Scharff: You said, "I have an Amendment."

Council Member Holman: An Amendment in "E," within "E." "E" on the
board talks about the direction that was given on the 30th. We didn't have
much discussion, and there's one of those that merits discussion.


                                                                             Page 76 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
