                          TRANSCRIPT
mechanism by which funds could just be transferred to Palo Alto to fill in
those gaps and fund our shuttle?

Mr. Tyree:     That would exactly fall under the purview of the Core
Connectivity Study. There is funding, like I said, delineated in Measure B for
exactly those kind of services. That's a discussion that we would have as it
goes through the Policy Advisory Committees and the Technical Advisory
Committees.

Council Member Holman: There is money in Measure B that could apply to
that. I'm looking at this maybe being a bit separate from that because it
relates to cuts. I think the money in Measure B is mostly enhancements and
improvements, so I'm looking at this as a different, potential pot of money.
That's my question back to you then.

Mr. Tyree:   There is no program outside of Measure B to do what you
described.

Council Member Holman: Perhaps we ought to lobby for that. Also in the
connectivities, I don't see reference to SamTrans. As we talk a great deal
about how it's a region, it's not just county-by-county, it's not just city-by-
city, I see no connectivity comments to SamTrans. Can you all respond to
how the VTA revised plan, as you propose it now, makes access and best
use of connectivity to SamTrans?

Mr. Burger: One of the things that's very difficult for VTA to justify is
operating service in a county that is not providing its sales tax to operate
that service. We connect to SamTrans at the Palo Alto Transit Center, but
we do not go into Menlo Park as we once did. We stay within our County
border at this end of the County.

Council Member Holman: I know you stay within the County, but that
doesn't mean you can't connect with or coordinate with SamTrans
schedules.

Mr. Burger: I think we do to the extent possible. Do you know more Jay?

Mr. Tyree: I think that's one of the big reasons why we're putting more
frequency in the 522.       We've heard from riders making longer trips,
especially across the County border. The rapid services are more valuable
for that kind of thing. That's one of the reasons why we're putting more
service on the 522, which make connections with SamTrans. One of the
things also that we've learned is it's very difficult to coordinate schedules
with limited frequencies, like for example we do at a Caltrain. Whenever
Caltrain changes their schedule, we have to react and try to best change our
                                                                        Page 21 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
