                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: Let me ask about schools first. Eric, you and I were at a
City/School meeting about a month ago. I couldn't go last week. We had a
direct discussion about projections of enrollment.     Am I correct?    My
recollection was we didn't …

Council Member Filseth: We did, and we had another one last week too.

Vice Mayor Kniss: We heard nothing of this sort. In fact, we asked directly,
and I frequently ask. As a former School Board Member, I'm always
interested in the demographics. I was here when it went down to 7,000.
Apparently sometime preceding me it was at 17,000. Huge numbers. Right
now, my recollection—I'll look at Penny—it's about 12,000. At that number,
I hear you saying you're going to talk with whomever in the next couple of
weeks.    Unless there is something very substantial, we haven't seen
anything official in writing whatsoever yet, including from Stanford, unless
I'm mistaken. Am I mistaken especially about the GUP? I recall discussing
that with Jean McCowan among others, and the anticipation was not
alarming as far as needing future schools.

Ms. Gitelman: There are a few questions there. First, I anticipate that we
will get formal comments from the School District and from Stanford. We
look forward to those comments, and we'll include them with responses in
the Final EIR. The School District send a letter to Stanford on the GUP about
this concern, about the need for additional schools. The School District
transmitted a copy of that to us just today. They did put something in
writing about that.

Vice Mayor Kniss: It was in our Packet?

Ms. Gitelman: I believe it was one of the many, many emails that came in
today.

Vice Mayor Kniss: That came today. It makes it so hard when they come
in, and someone says, "Didn't you see it? I sent it 2 hours ago." What I’m
hearing you say is you're going to look into that. Nothing I have heard so
far really raised any alarms. Just to say that nothing up until this point
tonight.

Ms. Gitelman: As Joana indicated, we did consult with the School District in
preparing the analysis. We feel like the analysis is solid. We're happy to
have additional conversations with them about what it means for them, what
they think of these conclusions, and also the issue of how it interacts with
the GUP. We're happy to have those conversations.


                                                                          Page 56 of 91
                                                           Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 03/20/17
