                         TRANSCRIPT
on this evening. Those are really better for the next time that the item
comes back; although, the two are obviously related. There's an interplay.

Council Member DuBois: I'll withdraw the Motion. On Packet Pages 389 and
390, it lists a whole bunch of policies that drive all these numbers.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Scharff: You'll withdraw the Motion. I guess we can vote on the—
wait. Let me clear the lights. If anyone wants to talk who hasn't spoken on
the Amendment, put your light on. Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine:         Thank you, Mr. Mayor.       I'm opposed to this
Amendment for a few reasons. One, I agree with the Mayor that we need to
be realistic about our jobs numbers as informed by Staff and make this
legally defensible. I do disagree with the Mayor that we can rely on other
cities for our housing needs. That's another comment. Second, I'm a little
worried after seeing this Amendment that we're aiming for zero in a funny
way. We can solve our jobs/housing imbalance by saying zero jobs, and
why don't we? That's not on the table right now. If we ratchet all these
things back, I feel that's really diminishing Palo Alto. We do need to lead on
some of these things. Somewhat on jobs and how we do it in the right way;
somewhat on how we regulate them; somewhat on how we measure
employees per square foot; things like that. I'd like to see us lead on
housing. It doesn't seem like the original Motion does that, but this
Amendment is a ratcheting back in terms of our ambition and what we
believe we're capable of. I won't support the Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the board. The Amendment fails on a 6-3 vote
with Council Members Kou, Wolbach, and Holman voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Holman, Kou, Wolbach yes

Mayor Scharff: Are we now ready to vote on the main Motion?

Mr. Keene: Give me a nice welcome back present.

Mayor Scharff: If you want to talk more, we can talk more. I do actually
see three lights now on the main Motion. Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: I'm going to test something out here. I'd like to
make an Amendment that the estimated employment growth be between
Scenario 2 of 9,800 and Scenario 4, which is 15,480. I'm testing you all. I
want to see.


                                                                           Page 83 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
