                          TRANSCRIPT
concerns about the overall building mass and provides better transitions to
neighboring properties.       As the Staff Report points out, most of the
commercial buildings have two-story volumes, are greater in height on
University, and the buildings across the alley are the ones in the exception.
That's Kipling Street. The character of the buildings on North Kipling Street
are Victorian homes.       That's really the compatibility issue I think the
community is struggling with. There's a stark transition between this
building and Kipling Street. Whereas, on University Avenue, I don't think
there's that issue at all, frankly. University Avenue is eclectic with many
different styles of architecture, some 50-foot buildings, some 80-foot
buildings, some much taller buildings, 525 University down the street. When
we look at University Avenue, I don't think that's the issue in any way. I
actually think that Option 1 works well as a three-story building. One of the
frustrations for me in this is what seems to be important is the Kipling-facing
rendering and what it looks like from Kipling Street. The applicant, frankly,
hasn't provided that. The fact that the stairway and elevator goes up to 56
feet—I think the Staff Report is correct that that would need to be brought
down. If we move forward on something similar to Option 1, we would need
to bring it down. The problem I have with Option 1 is that I can't really tell
on the pop-up residential there what the effect of the massing is and what
that looks like from Kipling Street. For me, this should be a three-story
building. That takes away the transition issues on Kipling Street, and that
feels comfortable and, I think, meets the Architectural Review findings,
which we have frankly in Attachment A. It's really Packet Page 533 and
532. As a three-story building, I think it meets the Architectural Review
findings. As a four-story building, I don't think the design is compatible with
the immediate environment of the site. I don't think it's compatible with the
character of Kipling Street, which would really be Number 4. There's no
harmonious transition in scale and character as a four-story building. As a
three-story building, I think there is. I'm a little bit stuck on the issue that I
can't see how this looks with the pop-up residential. That tends to make me
feel that we should approve this, frankly, simply as a three-story building
and bring the elevator height down as well to be in that same range as the
three-story height. It could pop up a little bit over that three-story like we
do normally in our Code on the three-story height, but not on the four-story
height. That becomes a real problem. Option 1 has a lot of really good
features in terms of moving us forward in that direction. I'm just primarily
concerned about that transition to Kipling Street and how we make that
transition work. I think as a three-story building it works. Thanks. Now, I
see no further lights. Does anyone want to speak further or should we just
move to Council Member motions and further comments and questions?
Council Member Fine.


                                                                           Page 60 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/6/17
