                         TRANSCRIPT
we're going to have more of a housing crisis. This is a regional problem as
we know. We can go to Mountain View, Menlo Park and Redwood City and
see housing, housing, housing. Everybody is complaining that there is not
enough. I hope you'll keep the 50-foot height limit. I hope that you will
recognize the need for Code enforcement when these buildings are built. I
hope you keep retail protection. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.     Whitney McNair to be followed by Tiffany
Griego.

Whitney McNair: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and members of the Council.
My name is Whitney McNair. I sit on the Citizens Advisory Committee,
representing Stanford University. I'm also on the land use subcommittee.
Tonight, I'm speaking on behalf of my position as the Director of Land Use
Planning for Stanford. As a member of the Palo Alto community with a
vested interest in both the economic prosperity of the City and shared goal
to ensure growth occurs in a thoughtful and sustainability manner, Stanford
has been closely following this Comprehensive Plan Update process. Palo
Alto's Comp Plan Update process is designed to build community consensus
as to how we manage future growth while preserving quality of life for City
residents. This critical endeavor includes actively engaging with a variety of
stakeholders including Stanford University for a positive, mutually beneficial
outcome. This brings me to Item B in the list of questions Staff has asked
you to answer. That question is which policies should be carried forward in
the Comp Plan regarding an annual limit, if any, on new nonresidential
development. You see in the options on Page 2 of the Staff Report that
option that causes us the most serious concern for the future of the
Research Park and that we ask you to reject tonight, Policy L-1.15. Under
that policy, the Research Park would be subject to a Citywide 50,000-
square-foot annual cap unless a "cap on peak period auto trips to the
Research Park is established and enforced." We've asked the CAC what this
trip cap would consist of and how it would work, and we haven't really
gotten that fully addressed. We respectfully suggest that's because a trip
cap for the Research Park is not feasible. The Research Park is comprised of
150 companies, about, and not a single employer like Stanford University or
other large employer like Google or Facebook. We've also—just quickly to
sum up. We have proposed an alternative that's in the Staff Report. We
would accept a cap of 50,000 square feet annually to start off with and also
suggested that the City authorize an exemption for the Research Park in
whole or in part from the growth cap if the City and Stanford could reach
mutual agreement on defined performance standards related to addressing
auto trips.

Mayor Scharff: I think we're …
                                                                       Page 19 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
