                          TRANSCRIPT
in now. You'll each have two minutes. Our first public speaker is Annette
Glanckopf, to be followed by Grant Dasher.

Annette Glanckopf: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council Members.
Although I'm on the Comp Plan task force, these are my individual
comments. I did send you a letter on this, so I'll just highlight some areas.
First, our three neighborhood retail centers are very important and need to
be preserved. Yes, retail is changing, but we still need local, walkable retail.
The barrier right now is high rents and redevelopment. Touching on three
points. Childcare does not belong in the three neighborhood centers,
Midtown, Charleston and Edgewood. It's busy; they don't have a place to
play; cars are moving around. There's noise, traffic, etc. Two, I do not
support housing in Town and Country, nor do I support it in Midtown or in
Charleston Plaza. Edgewood already has housing. Goal 3, do not allow
small-scale retail in residential areas other than those that are there now,
such as in Downtown, for a number of reasons. Caps are important and
effective tools for controlling and guiding growth. I have commented on
that. The development requirements and community indicators are not
ready for prime time; although, there are some very, very good ideas in the
table. I prefer to have caps. As far as building heights, keep the 50-foot
height limit to preserve our quality of life. I do support retail with housing
above. In those cases, I don't think you need an expansive, large first floor
because most of the retail that will focus there will be small, retail-like coffee
shops, doctor offices, nail salons, etc. As far as land use on Point 9, let's
think seriously about larger front setbacks. They shouldn't be at the
sidewalk along El Camino. On point 10, immediately start Action, develop a
group for the Fry's concept plan. Finally, there's a lot of good language in
the Comp Plan now. On the very last comment on Page 98, I support
retaining language of a previous policy, preserve the scenic qualities of Palo
Alto roads and trails for motorists, cyclists, pedestrians and equestrians.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Grant Dasher to be followed by Greg Schmid,
former Vice Mayor Greg Schmid.

Grant Dasher: Hi. I'm Grant; I live in Midtown. I really want to thank the
Citizens Advisory Committee and the Council for all the hard work that's
gone into this. I moved to the City relatively recently, but I know there's a
lot of hard work that's gone into this process. I'm happy to get involved, at
least at this late time. I wanted to talk briefly about caps and, if I have
time, about heights. I think I really understand the appeal of caps, but I
think they're a bad policy initiative for a couple of reasons. This City is
considered the jewel of Silicon Valley, not just because of its strong
residential community and schools but also because of the fact that some of
                                                                          Page 10 of 108
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/30/17
