                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: What the City Manager has talked to me about, when he put
this together, was he wants a list of Priority projects that, at the end of the
year, he says, "These were what we were working on." Doesn't mean you're
not going to work on other things as well. These things he was planning on
working on and moving those forward.

Council Member DuBois: Because we're starting with a certain framework, is
the categorization correct before we even start talking about projects that fit
within it? I think there's a couple of buckets missing.

Mayor Scharff:    When we get to that stage, you can talk about adding
buckets.

Mr. Keene: Let me be clear. There's a lot more blank paper in this room.
With the idea of being able to pull stuff off and put it up on the wall. We
may have to capture. We may have to do some actual in-process work
here.

Mayor Scharff: Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to check with the Mayor and the City
Manager on the process, just to make sure I'm clear about how we want to
proceed here. Probably after lunch, we're going to establish our Priorities,
which we're going to try and keep to three, might be four like last year, but
we're going to try and keep it narrow, try and keep them clear rather than
just having grab bags that you can throw everything into it, so we actually
establish clear Priorities. We'll have a separate discussion about projects.

Mayor Scharff: That's correct.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what these listings are.

Mr. Keene: That is correct.

Council Member Wolbach: The projects may be reflective of the Priorities or
may be a continuation of projects that were highlighted in Priorities last
year. Even if our Priorities change, some key projects that have already
been initiated, maybe because we made them Priorities in past year, can still
continue. Correct?

Mayor Scharff: Yes. For instance, if we took infrastructure off the Priorities,
it wouldn't mean we would stop doing the Public Safety Building and all
those things. I think that's your point.

Council Member Wolbach: As far as selecting among the projects, you've
highlighted several of them. We've got the longer lists, and you've drawn
                                                                         Page 39 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
