                          ACTION MINUTES
     iv.          Set the Market-rate single family detached in-lieu fee at $75 per
                  square foot; and

      v.          Set the Market-rate single family attached in-lieu fee at $50 per
                  square foot; and

     vi.          Set the Market-rate Condominium in-lieu fee at $50 per square
                  foot; and

     vii.         Set the Market-rate rental housing impact fee at $20 per square
                  foot; and

C.          Direct Staff to return in one year with a status update.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-4 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kou no

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member DuBois requested the Council have an opportunity to
discuss Council meeting start times during the upcoming Council Retreat.

Council Member Kou supported including such a discussion during the
Council Retreat.

Mayor Scharff agreed that such a discussion will be helpful. He pointed out
that Council has certain amount of work that needs to be completed. He
shared that starting meetings earlier, allowing meetings to end later, or
reducing the number of Consent Items pulled for Council discussion are
options to complete this work. He reported that late night meetings can take
a toll on Staff Members, which is something the Council should take into
consideration.

Council Member DuBois suggested Council consider meeting every Monday
each month.

Council Member Kou suggested the Council hold meetings when a quorum is
available instead of cancelling a meeting.

Council Member Holman supported this discussion take place at the Council
Retreat.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:08 P.M.

                                                                                     Page 8 of 8
                                                                            City Council Meeting
                                                                       Action Minutes: 3/27/17
