                          TRANSCRIPT
Bonnie Packer: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and City Council Members. My
name is Bonnie Packer; I'm president of the League of Women Voters of Palo
Alto. The League of Women Voters supports a transportation system that
offers viable alternatives to single occupancy vehicle use, that is multimodal,
efficient, convenient, reliable, cost-effective, accessible to people with
disabilities and other issues regarding mobility, equitable and safe.
Accordingly, the League is pleased that VTA has made an effort, through the
proposed Next Network Initiative, to attempt to achieve these goals for
many areas of Santa Clara County.           However, the League is deeply
concerned that by proposing to drastically cut existing bus routes in Palo
Alto, the Next Network Initiative falls far short of these goals. The League
concurs with the concerns that were raised in letters to the VTA from the
Palo Alto City Manager, the Palo Alto Council of PTAs, the Gunn High School
PTSA, Stevenson House and Palo Alto Housing, which are attached to the
Staff Report on this Study Session. These concerns were repeated at VTA's
community meeting last week on January 19th. The League believes that a
well-connected transit system that offers effective and efficient options for
the transportation needs of all residents and employees is essential to
reduce traffic congestion and to improve our environment. Such a system
must provide coverage, frequency, flexibility and must be effectively
coordinated with other public and private transit services, and have an
equitable fare structure.      While we acknowledge there can be difficult
tradeoffs between routes that reduce congestion and improve revenues with
routes that provide basic, essential service for vulnerable groups, we would
hope that VTA would maintain a few critical bus lines we now have for those
groups while increasing service to our employment centers. However, in the
event VTA turns a deaf ear to our citizens' concerns and proceeds with these
proposed cuts, we urge the City of Palo Alto to begin considering options
now to enhance and improve our local transit services to provide coverage,
frequency and convenience for all and which would be integrated with county
and regional systems. Most importantly, the City must ensure there is no
gap in transit services in Palo Alto while any changes are being planned.
Thank you for considering our comments.

Mayor Scharff: Penny Ellson to be followed by Phyllis Cassel.

Penny Ellson: Good evening. I'm Penny Ellson, representing Gunn PTSA
tonight, to ask VTA to collaborate with City Staff and community
stakeholders in a working meeting to identify how changes to the 88 bus
service might improve ridership and service for Gunn students and south
Palo Alto. VTA's Next Network project analyzed broad-based regional needs,
but locally VTA has only studied existing bus ridership to understand local
needs. Potential riders who are not using the bus today are not included in
VTA's analysis as far as we know. We've been gathering information that
                                                                         Page 9 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
