                         TRANSCRIPT
to just using it for commercial. One of the critiques of the TDR program has
been that it encourages commercial development when what Palo Alto really
needs more of is residential. I think it's worth at least an exploration. It
doesn't mean we have to end up doing it.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Associate with the maker's comments.

Mayor Scharff: We're not actually doing that, but okay. Let's vote on the
board. That passes on a 7-2 vote with Council Members Filseth and Tanaka
voting to have more discussion.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0-2 Filseth, Tanaka abstain

Mayor Scharff: I will move the next one, which is Number 8. I'm actually
going to move something slightly different. I'm going to move that we
include a program to explore increasing hotel FAR from 2.0 to 3.0.

Council Member Tanaka: I'll second that.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Tanaka to
direct Staff to include in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan Update, a
program to explore increasing hotel Floor Area Ratio (FAR) from 2.0 to 3.0.

Mayor Scharff: You can have a friendly Amendment.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd suggest a friendly Amendment, that it be 3.0
in Downtown and 2.5 in other areas.

Mayor Scharff: Fair enough. I'll make that the Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Does your seconder?

Mayor Scharff: Do you agree?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “in areas inside of
Downtown and 2.5 in other areas.”

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote on the board.

Council Member Wolbach: Wait, let's make sure we've got it 2.5.

Council Member Holman: I don't support it, but it's not right yet.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you, Council Member Holman, for that. It should say
inside Downtown.

                                                                       Page 88 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
