                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Mitchell Harnett.

Mitchell Harnett: Good evening, happy new year. My name is Mitchell
Harnett. I'm from study.com. Study.com is an online education service
based out of Mountain View. For years, we've been looking for a good way
to give back to the community, and we think we've finally done it. We've
created this completely free program for anybody who works or lives in
Mountain View to earn their college degree at no cost. We call it Mountain
View Working Scholars. We believe it has great potential throughout Silicon
Valley. We know that the cost of living in the Bay Area is getting more and
more expensive. A lot of people have had to put school on the back burner
in order to stay living here. They've got family stuff coming up. Living here,
paying rent just gets super expensive, and school can just add to those
costs. We think this is probably the best way to give back to those people
who may have always wanted to go back to school but never had the chance
because of finances and other barriers. We're really excited about this
program. I just wanted to invite you and anyone else in the audience to an
open house we're having in Mountain View City Hall on January 19th at 6:00
p.m. to learn more about this program that we're really excited about. We
think every city should learn more about it. Thank you for your time and
definitely take this into consideration. Have a good night.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Minutes Approval

6.   Approval of Action Minutes for the December 5 and 12, 2016 Council
     Meetings.

Mayor Scharff: Now the Minutes. If I could have a Motion to approve the
Minutes.

Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
approve the Action Minutes for the December 5 and 12, 2016 Council
Meetings.

Mayor Scharff:     That passes unanimously with Council Member Fine
abstaining.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0-1 Fine not participating

Council Member Fine: I wasn't in those meetings.
                                                                        Page 28 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
