                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Eric Mosqueda to be followed by Herb Borock.

Eric Mosqueda: Good evening, City Council Members and Mayor. I am Eric
Mosqueda. I am a City of Palo Alto employee. I'm here as an SEIU steward
representing the many employees of the City of Palo Alto. I'm here to ask
you not to contract out the Palo Alto animal shelter. The employees at the
animal shelter perform great work for our community. The Palo Alto animal
shelter is a resource for our community, and the Palo Alto animal shelter is a
benefit to our community. There is no viable reason to give away a City
asset and property to a private contractor.        We ask you to strongly
reconsider this effort to contract out. From my own experience in observing
the contracting out of City work for the contracts, there are great problems
in hiring, work quality issues, and failures of vetting contract employees.
City of Palo Alto SEIU employees perform quality work. City of Palo Alto
SEIU employees have fingerprinting and background checks. City of Palo
Alto SEIU employees are dedicated to the community of Palo Alto. City of
Palo Alto SEIU employees are a part of this community. City of Palo Alto
SEIU employees are quality workers. We are the soul of the community of
Palo Alto. We need to honor the SEIU City of Palo Alto employees. Please
say no to contracting out the animal shelter. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Herb Borock to be followed by Becky Sanders.

Herb Borock: During the City Manager's Comments, Assistant City Manager
Shikada mentioned the Mayor's State of the City address on the 8th. In
your Packet on Agenda Item 2, which has been moved to the end of the
Agenda, is the notice of preparation of the Environmental Impact Report for
the Stanford University General Use Permit, which is signed on January 3rd
before the Mayor was elected, in which it set a scoping meeting for the same
date, February 8th. I suppose people—Stanford has a lot of money. It's a
multibillion dollar corporation, and they hire government relations people
who, I'm sure, will be capable of going to the Mayor's address, but citizens
who are interested in the General Use Permit have a conflict now. Do they
want to go hear the Mayor or do they want to go to the scoping meeting for
the General Use Permit, which is being held at the exact same time? For
decades, the Planning Commission meets on the second—regular meeting is
on the second and last Wednesdays of the month. This Wednesday is the
second Wednesday; there's a Planning and Transportation Commission
meeting. I believe it's meeting on scoping …

Mayor Scharff: Verify for you actually the Planning and Transportation
Commission meeting has been postponed.



                                                                        Page 13 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
