                         TRANSCRIPT
million impact on the City. Those are the bigger drivers as we work with
Finance on the fiscal year 2018 budget. The long-term pressures, as the
Council knows very well, are essentially workforce-related, and they're
constrained by the State in many ways as far as some of the flexibility that
we have. That's both in the realm of our pension liabilities, as it relates to
unfunded pension liabilities and our other post-employment benefits,
otherwise known as OPEBs, our healthcare liability. We've done some good
work comparatively over the years. We have a trust for OPEB funding. It
was $33 million in March 2008. It is currently $84.6 million in 2016. It has
grown in that period of time. That's money essentially available as an offset
to the unfunded liability we have in this area. For this year, the Council has
directed—I think within the next month we'll be coming forward to set aside
$2.1 million as the beginning of a pension trust fund or a 115 trust fund
towards the unfunded liability of our pension. It's a small step, but it's a
first step. In the realm of long-term pension cost, just sharing with the
Council again, we have in the non-legacy area of the pension benefits what
are called Tier 2 and Tier 3 employees that have different, older retirement
ages and a lesser annual year percentage. We're now at a point where 38
percent of our Miscellaneous employees are in either Tier 2 and 3 and 21
percent of our Safety employees are in that area. As it relates to our Staff,
our focus and initiative on ensuring that we have a high-performing
workforce. We have the issue of the recruitments we've got to successfully
pursue this year. We have the background challenge of just being an
employer of choice to make sure that we can employ and attract the best
folks to work here in the City. We're going to have to be looking more and
more at how we can be more flexible, how we deal with some of the
travel/mobility/commute issues that all of us share as it relates to our
workforce, how it is that we may be taking some—I wouldn't say risks
exactly, but we may have younger and somewhat less-experienced but
exceedingly bright and motivated folks coming into our workforce,
particularly in the public realm where there can be a lot of pressure and
criticism in the public. We're going to have to have some patience as we
bring folks on who—I'm quite excited about a lot of the new people who are
also coming into our organization. How we invest in our culture and our
learning organization. We have some big systems investments we have to
make in our Enterprise Resource program, which is basically our core
financial management system. That'll be a big issue we're going to bring to
the Council this year. How we add some meaningful and much more flexible
HR modules. I want to really be looking at a much more robust constituent
relationship management system that cuts across lines.           We need to
continue to enhance our 311 systems with the public. The Comprehensive
Plan will be adopted in 2017. I was discussing even with the Mayor just this
morning how we've set a schedule where the Council vision for the Plan can
be defined fully within the first half of 2017. There will still be follow-up
                                                                        Page 10 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
