                          TRANSCRIPT
was also a desire to preserve open space and the urban forest. We heard
that repeatedly, the importance of the urban forest. There was a consensus
to update the growth management, not quite so much consensus about how
to do that. You have a number of choices about that tonight. One of the
things that did come out was that there was a desire not to put growth
controls on retail. There was a recognition of the changing situation of retail
since the Comp Plan was originally done. There was a desire and a very
strong consensus to regularly assess the influence of both existing
development, existing residents and new development and residents and
employees on the livability of the community, how well was it doing over
time. There are policies in the Land Use Element that address that. In the
Transportation Element, which was reviewed by the Council, again there was
quite a bit of consensus. These changes have been made. Again, there was
consensus at the CAC as well about reducing reliance on single occupancy
vehicles and then supporting transit, an interesting phased approach to
parking. If demand lessens over time, requiring less parking, we kind of call
that the poised for change policy. There wasn't a consensus that we were
ready to do it now, but there's a willingness to keep looking at it and be
ready to do it in the future. Also using both level of service and vehicle
miles traveled and prioritizing pedestrian and cyclist safety were some of the
ones where there was consensus. The areas where tonight there are a
number of options, Hillary is going to discuss those. I'm going to turn it
back to Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman: Thanks, Elaine. If you go through the recommendation
section of the Staff Report, you can see we have options in ten different
categories. They're on these two slides. I'm just going to go through them
because we're going to get into some depth on these. We can come back to
them as we move through the recommendation. The first category is the
cumulative growth cap. This is the famous Policy L-8. The CAC outlines four
possible approaches to this. The first would be basically eliminate the cap
and, instead of a cap, monitor ongoing development and adjust development
standards as needed over time. The second option was to carry forward the
existing cap, which currently consists of about 1.7 million square feet, but
make it specific to office/R&D, not all nonresidential development. Continue
to exempt the Stanford Medical Center area. Currently the Citywide cap, we
call it Citywide but it only applies to those monitored areas that are
illustrated in a map in the Comprehensive Plan. This would constitute a
shift. It would really apply Citywide except for the SUMC area. The third
option was the same as Number 2 but also suggested that it not only look at
office/R&D but look potentially at hotels. Number 4 was the same as either
Number 2 or Number 3 but with some additional thought about potential
exemptions from the square footage limit. There wasn't a lot of specificity
about that. I think we're going to breeze through all of these, and then we'll
                                                                        Page 27 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
