                         TRANSCRIPT
NOMINATION: Council Member Filseth nominated Vice Mayor Scharff for
Mayor for 2017.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, I saw your light on.

Council Member Holman: I'd like to nominate Council Member Liz Kniss as
Mayor. Do you want comments now?

NOMINATION: Council Member Holman nominated Council Member Kniss
for Mayor for 2017.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Council Member Holman: Since we've started in that regard. Two years
ago, Liz Kniss did me the honor of nominating me for Mayor. I feel it's very
appropriate, given the current climate and current situation, that I nominate
Liz. I think Liz would serve the community very well. As then, Liz was the
top vote getter; I think that's an appropriate measure of the community's
sentiment about leadership on the Council. As then, we're coming out of
also another difficult election period. I believe that Liz has the unique
experience and influence to bring the community together and bring the
members of the Council together on the dais. With these perspectives, I'm
very pleased to nominate to Liz Kniss for Mayor.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kniss, I saw your light on.

Council Member Kniss: With gratefulness and gratitude, Karen, I accept
your nomination but must decline it. I think going forward this year—I think
Eric Filseth has said it extremely well. This is a year when we have
somebody with even more experience than I do sitting here for the last nine
years. Karen, I hope you'll nominate me again sometime. I would be
delighted. For this evening, I believe our best choice for tonight is going to
be Council Member Scharff. Once again, thank you so much for those very
kind words. I appreciate it, and so does my family who is sitting here and
probably thinking "This is unusual." Thank you all so much.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to thank both Council Member Filseth and
Council Member Kniss for those kind words. I don't see any other lights.
Let me just look; it's a little hard to see over here. Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to say that I will also be supporting
Vice Mayor Greg Scharff for Mayor. I think you've done an excellent job as
Vice Mayor this year. The experience that Council Member Filseth spoke to,


                                                                          Page 3 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
