                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm somewhat concerned because we went through a
number of years where we heard that the enrollment was growing. I think it
was Todd Collins who said to me it hasn't been growing; it's been going
down. Something out there is the truth, and that's what we don't have
tonight. What you're saying, Hillary, is that will be delivered to us. Correct?
Something else. Just to pause for a minute on the Fiscal. I am at the
General Fund revenues at 426. Looking at our assessed value in Palo Alto
over the last 2 years—I'm so glad Jim is back—it looks to me, Jim, that it's
grown dramatically. Am I correct? I'm looking at assessed value, and I'm
on …

Mr. Keene: Yes, significantly.

Vice Mayor Kniss: … 428. I don't know what that portends for us in the
future. As I recall, we're still the City that has the highest per capita rate in
our County of what we spend on our citizens. Correct? We have more
services; we have more parks; we have more of almost anything we can
offer. It's really important to point that out. Bob Moss, still here? Bob
usually mentions things like this, what it costs per person. My recollection is
$2,200 a year. Does that sound about right? Somewhere in that range. It
was interesting to hear that new residents actually brought in more revenue
than anyone else in our community, office workers, whatever. Is that new
or was it just new to me?

Mr. Keene: I'm going to leave that up to …

Vice Mayor Kniss: Is that standard in most communities?

Ms. Gitelman: We can ask Mr. Sigman to address that, if he can.

Mr. Sigman: I think it's a challenging question to answer, if I understood …

Vice Mayor Kniss: That's just what I meant it to be, of course.

Mr. Sigman: Very good. We base the revenue calculations on the specific
assumptions related to growth in the City.       As was mentioned, it's
multifamily housing. We put price points on the market rate. We also look
at the HUD standards for below market rate housing and price those units
based on that. That's where the property tax comes from. We have
household spending surveys that we use for each household to determine
how much they're going to put into retail businesses here in town. That's
where that revenue figure comes from. Is there something specific I can
respond to?



                                                                             Page 57 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
