                          TRANSCRIPT
weed grow up. I here simply request that the Council to consider remove
me from that 3 years watching list. By one slip of having the weed caused
my being put on this watch list and paying annual fees for the next 3 years
is very over the top. I want to show you that the moment we received
notice in middle of last year I have kept my grass maintained like this. You
see that picture? That's really the cause of the issue of why I left my grass
maintained for that time period. The corner location of my property and
people doing the full U-turns without turns and move back. Because of the
road and curve, a lot of the cars, because of commercial location right across
the street, a lot of the cars are doing their full U-turns and damage my
sprinklers. I have replaced them so many times, and I can't keep up with it.
I finally give up. I don't know where to voice my concerns, my problem with
this. That's the reason I don't think I should be penalized for that one slip of
this. I sincerely request to be removed from that 3 years watch list with
heavy penalty besides on my annual property tax.

Public Hearing closed at 8:07 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. By having the speaker speak, we
actually opened the public hearing. I forgot to mention that. If there are
any other speakers who wanted to speak, obviously the public hearing's
open. Seeing none, I'm going to actually close the public hearing. Seeing
no objections. At that point, does Council have any discussion or motions?
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to ask Assistant City Manager
Shikada if there's any avenue open to the speaker we just heard from.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach.
Members of the Council, I had a chance to consult briefly with the Fire Chief.
He indicated he'd be happy to follow up with this gentleman. Consistent
with our process, I believe he'd be able to address the issue directly. The
Fire Chief's right there. Go ahead. Just for everyone's information, the Fire
Department has the lead on this issue for the City. As a result, will be able
to follow up.

Council Member Wolbach: Is there anything more you can provide as far as
clarity for anyone else listening about what the process is if they want to be
removed from that watch list?

Mr. Shikada: I ask Fire Chief Eric Nickel to respond for Staff.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief: Good evening. Eric Nickel, Fire Chief. I also have
Moe Kumre, who the City contracts with at Santa Clara County as our weed
abatement coordinator. We have a very simple process. I'll be happy to
                                                                          Page 25 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
