                          TRANSCRIPT
people are diverting and track it over time. We're hoping to use this as a
rollout for that device.

Council Member DuBois: That sounds pretty cool. Looking at it as a pilot,
will we establish thresholds of what success is and what's unacceptable?

Mr. Mello: I think going in we would develop some thresholds around what
level of diverted traffic is acceptable. Do we tolerate any increase in speed
on adjacent streets or parallel streets? We'd also be measuring the travel
time along Middlefield Road. We're hoping to use Bluetooth technology to do
that. There's a couple of vendors out there. We'd probably have a threshold
on—if travel time along Middlefield Road increased to a point where it was
no longer tolerable, that's where you're going to start to see people divert
onto local streets, when they can no longer tolerate the delays. Certainly, I
think we would establish thresholds moving in and then have a discussion
about whether the project met or did not meet those thresholds.

Council Member DuBois:      When we get to comments, I think really
understanding what those goals are is important. Some people mentioned
the Dumbarton express. Where it's wider than the lanes seems to be an
issue. I don't know if we have any influence, but would it make sense to
consider routing Dumbarton down University instead of down Middlefield?

Mr. Mello: We can certainly talk to AC Transit about that. The Dumbarton 1
runs down Oregon Expressway. That's a parallel route that serves the
Research Park. We could certainly discuss—I think it's probably because of
the travel time along Willow, and Middlefield is probably more competitive
than University.

Council Member DuBois: It's just the width and those turns. Just real quick,
just a couple of others. When I walked out there with a bunch of the
residents, seemed like one of the issues was the bend in the road. That
really wasn't discussed in the Staff Report. It seems like again people get
frustrated coming down Willow. It's two lanes. They speed around that
bend and the bridge itself. Are there any thoughts about—both the bridge
for pedestrians and bikes and then that bend itself, are there things that can
be done there?

Mr. Mello: This project will not make any civil improvements to the bridge
itself. I think there is an opportunity around the curve just south of the
bridge to shift the travel lanes over a little bit to the east, so that you don't
have that southbound travel lane directly up against the curb as you go
around the corner. I think that would be part of this project. Then, we'd
have to figure out where the best place to drop the southbound lane would
be if we move forward with Concept 7A.
                                                                         Page 64 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
