                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Thank you. I do have—I sent them to David. I do
have as part of the Motion—I don't know if you can cut and paste what I
sent. There are five amendments; they're all fairly small. One of them is
consistent with one of the Mayor's comments. One of them is Section—
we're going to have a hard time here with people moving around, I think.
One of them is in Section 2. This is on Ordinance Page 2 or Packet Page
428.

Mayor Scharff: Could you say that again?

Council Member Holman: Sorry?

Mayor Scharff: People are moving around, so why don't we give them a few
minutes?

Council Member Holman: That's what I was saying. On Packet Page 428
under Section 2, it's under personal services, "B," self-service laundry and
cleaning services. I'm just not sure we want that on University or California
Avenues. The rest of the—laundry and pickup or all that sort of stuff is fine.
We have it now; it works really well. I'm not really sure we want a
laundromat, basically, on our main retail streets, University Avenue and
California Avenue. I'm suggesting deleting that use. Is that agreeable to
the maker? Basically it's a laundromat.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. I shudder to draw this out because
of the hour and so forth. I think we should vote on it.

Council Member Holman: Can't hear you either.

Council Member Filseth: I'm loathe to draw this out because of the hour,
but I think we should vote on that.

Council Member Holman:      You want it as a separate amendment is what
you're saying?

Council Member Filseth: Yes, please.

Council Member Holman: Is there a …

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman has made a Motion and needs a
second if she wants—if someone wants to second it.

Council Member Holman: To take laundromats off University and California
Avenue. Jonathan?


                                                                       Page 84 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
