                         TRANSCRIPT
could weave in a vibrant workplace as well as a living place. Instead of
simply pursuing housing on unbuilt parking lot sites, which is somewhat how
the language read to us in the Comp Plan draft, we would rather open up a
dialog with the City about creating an actual high-quality community and
designing it as if we have the freedom to think about a blank slate and think
about really what is the best community and living environment over the
long term. We want to make sure that, if we are able to strike a mutually
agreeable arrangement for incorporating housing in the Research Park, it's a
community we would all want to live in, and it would be appropriate for Palo
Alto. As for the specific mechanism, we have not even begun to think
about—I think you mentioned coordinated area plans. I mentioned the
development agreement, because that's a past mechanism we've used
together. That might be an appropriate one. There's just room for, I think,
pursuing and exploring at this point in time. Does that answer your question
appropriately?

Council Member Wolbach: That does. I appreciate that. Actually also I
appreciate you taking time to explain that. It's important for us to note that
openness by Stanford to consider something that a few of us and a lot of
people in the community have hinted at or stated that we'd like to have on
the table for future discussions, I appreciate that Stanford is now making
very clear that they're also open to that discussion at some point in the
future. I think that that …

Ms. Griego: I should also say I spoke on behalf of Stanford Research Park
specifically, not to the other sites that have been mentioned this evening.
Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. I think that's important for us to
consider. We'll come back to that probably more under the housing sites. I
did just want to make sure we're thinking about that when we're talking
about Stanford Research Park as part of any of these. It's certainly an area
with potential for substantial change in the future. I appreciate Stanford
being open to that discussion. I'm probably going to try my hand at a
Motion on this one, but I just wanted to say a couple of framing comments.
One is we have multiple caps here. I appreciate that the Mayor has lumped
them together, so we can talk about the annual limit, the cumulative cap
and the Downtown cap together. The questions that I'm thinking about are,
first, what are the goals we're trying to achieve; secondly, what are the best
mechanisms to achieve those goals; third, Is the Comprehensive Plan or an
Ordinance or some other mechanism the appropriate time to pursue that.
With the cumulative cap, that's something that's been in the Comprehensive
Plan. I think we should actually keep some form of cumulative cap moving
forward. On the Downtown cap, we've almost run up to the edge of that. I
                                                                       Page 31 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
