                          TRANSCRIPT
neighborhood buy-in. That might not do it. I don't know. Right now, most
of the retail is across the street. People have to cross a busy El Camino to
get there. There is Walgreens. There's a Tesla just nearby as well. There's
a hotel right next door. There is some continuity. Perhaps having some
retail obviously on the front face of it. I think you would have to do a lot of
neighborhood outreach. There has to be some sort of benefit for the
community. It could be extra parking. It could be retail facing El Camino.
In general, I do like the idea of smaller micro units, much smaller than what
you have actually, maybe 300 square feet type of range. To do that, you
really need to get neighborhood buy-in. I don't know if that's possible. In
terms of design, I don't actually have a big preference. For design, I would
also say community buy-in. You're asking for an up-zoning, so you need to
get that. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: I think everyone's spoken, so I'll just speak briefly. I
wouldn't say I'm excited about this project. I also agree with the style
issues. I do like the fact that we get more housing. I'd like to point out to
my colleagues that it's not the—if you want more housing, it's the FAR that
matters. This has a slight increase in FAR. It's not a big increase in FAR.
Going from 15 to 30 seems like a lot, but all we're doing is driving down the
size of the units. We're only ending up with 3,354 square feet of more FAR.
The reality is the up-zoning done makes smaller units. On the Council,
many of us have said we prefer to have smaller units. What we're doing
there is making more affordable units instead of having—his number of
1,000 to 1,500 a square foot was probably pretty accurate. If you chose
somewhere in the middle there, the smaller the units obviously you could do
the math and figure out what the affordability is. It's substantially more
affordable if you have more units within the same FAR. For me, that's a
positive of the project. I, however, agree with Council Member Tanaka. I'd
like to see retail with housing as well. I'm much more supportive of a
mixed-use type project. I'm not really that supportive of just a wall of
housing on El Camino. When they did the Ricki's Hyatt site, I heard all
negatives from the community. If that was more of a mixed-use site with
some retail there that the community could use, people would be more
enthused about it. I do think if you go forward, it'll be really important to
make sure that you have a fully parked project. I heard you say you want
to. I do think if you want to sell it to the Council—I guess I wanted to ask
Staff this question. When they came forward, would the rezoning occur
concurrently with the project? A lot of people complained, saying you could
come forward with the density bonus. We'd see that project. We would
know what we're getting at the moment we went to the rezoning. I think
that's a positive. I don't think I have the concerns that you would suddenly
spring on us a higher density with more FAR at the last minute because we
wouldn't rezone until we saw—it would be all concurrent. I did think that—
                                                                        Page 30 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
