                           TRANSCRIPT
that's just about … Just to clarify. Somebody said something about Yoga
Source or whichever one it was. They wouldn't survive if they had to go
through a process. Yoga Source is on Hamilton, so they would be allowed
anyway. It's not an issue for that. I guess last question. Conditional uses,
business or trade schools, commercial recreation, daycare, it seems like we
would not want to have those on California or University Avenue. I don't see
that restriction in here. Do I misread it or overlook something?

Mr. Lait: While Jean's looking at that, I believe they're not allowed on
California Avenue because that's in the R overlay. That only allows retail
and personal service uses. With respect to University, that is a change that
we noted in the Staff Report, that we wanted the Council to pay attention to.
In the interim Ordinance, you're not allowing these conditional uses. The
proposed interim Ordinance—excuse me.               The proposed permanent
Ordinance would create an opportunity for somebody to request a CUP for
those types of uses. If it is the Council's interest to still not allow conditional
uses on the ground floor on University Avenue, that's direction we would
need to make a change to the Ordinance.

Council Member Holman:        I think that's it.   Thank you.    I have a Motion
when it comes time.

Mayor Scharff: Other people do too. Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Just two quick questions and then some comments.
Thank you for the report. Does Staff have an estimate of how much
basement retail space we have?

Ms. Eisberg: We have a draft report from a consultant that looked at it with
a very wide range. We don't have a final version of that report. I don't
know it off the top of my head. It was sort of a shot in the dark, and we're
working to refine that.

Council Member Fine: This may be to my colleagues or to Staff. Do we
know how long the 2009 stakeholders group took to come forth with their
recommendations?

Ms. Eisberg: I believe it was a series of two meetings. I don't know how
long that period was, but a series of two meetings.

Vice Mayor Kniss: You mean in '09?

Council Member Fine: Mm hmm. Does anyone up here know how long that
process took?


                                                                           Page 66 of 127
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/13/17
