                          TRANSCRIPT
90—maybe 80 percent of the residents.         That is affordable housing.         The
other thing is I think …

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Ms. Vrhel: … it's really important to decrease pensions. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Christian Pease to be followed by Jacqueline Taylor.

Christian Pease: Good afternoon. I'm going to try to be very brief here. I
just want to revisit the notion that arose earlier about the build quality issue
in the national survey and about it being too vague to be meaningful. Just
looking through the survey again today, I went to Page 61. I actually read
the question. It says overall built environment of Palo Alto including design,
buildings, parks and transportation systems. That really sounds like major
capital investments in either the private or public sector and not sidewalks.
When you go back to the executive summary on Page 8, that answer
actually declined 20 percent. Sidewalks actually did pretty well, up 9
percent because of increased maintenance. I just wanted to point that out
and also suggest that at the very beginning of this survey, at the top of Page
2, it attributes the overall drop in the rating of quality of life in Palo Alto to
under 80 percent primarily because the average in area 5 declined
significantly from 84 percent in 2015 to 69 percent in 2016. I would remind
you the level of intensity around development and transportation issues
around California Avenue. This area is all of the residential neighborhoods
surrounding that area. When you take these as a whole, this looks more like
a pattern than an amorphous, uninterpretable question and set of answers.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Jacqueline Taylor to be followed by Kimberley
Wong.

Jacqueline Taylor: Good afternoon, City Council, new City Council Members.
Good to see groundwater people here too. I'm speaking to the topic of City
enforcement. Again, just chiming in with my colleagues here about the
importance of enforcing CUPs.      The Castilleja School has been out of
compliance for 15 years. When you look back at the record, Steve Turner
and his colleague before him did in fact attempt to enforce the CUP by a
gradual reduction of enrollments at Castilleja to try to get back to 415. That
no longer is the case. The school seems to have been given a carte blanche
for 438, the current enrollment. As you know, they're asking for a 30-
percent increase in that enrollment. We would like to see that enrollment
enforced. It's not the case that the TDM is working. If the City again isn't
checking on that and enforcing that, then you don't know that the TDM is
being maintained. I have been stuck on Embarcadero, trying to turn on
                                                                           Page 49 of 75
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/28/17
