                          TRANSCRIPT
and unloading activities; and upon a finding that (i) the off-street loading
may conflict with Comprehensive Plan goals and policies related to site,
design, planning, blah, blah, blah, blah, and (ii) the use of shared on-street
loading would not conflict with area circulation or Comp Plan policies.

Council Member Filseth: My other question on this language—that one was
the one that confused me the most. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: While we're doing this, do you accept that or not?

Council Member Fine: I want to see it written up, but I think I'm inclined to.

Mayor Scharff: I know Council Member Holman is ready to second it if not.
We don't have to have a vote if you accept it.

Council Member Fine: I just want to see (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: Sorry to interrupt. Section 7 and 8 have the same
clause. It should be in both places.

Ms. Gitelman: We would have to make the same change in the table in 7.

Mayor Scharff: Correct.

Council Member Filseth: I wanted to ask about another—at the right point in
time when we're ready, I want to ask about another clause in this long
sentence here. The first one says based on existing or proposed site
conditions. That sort of means anything, I think.

Mr. Lait: I would say that it's broadly written because we don't know of the
individual constraint that may apply to a specific property. It could be a
narrow lot. It could have a structure that's staying on the lot. There's a
wide variety of scenarios that could be the situation why one might want to
allow the loading zone to occur not onsite.

Council Member Filseth: That basically means, if I understand that, there's
no basis for appealing this because it says you can do anything. It says we
can do anything.

Mr. Lait: The Director would make a decision. Upon a finding of that
decision, I guess it is a discretionary action. There's the permit that this
would be associated with, and then that can be appealed.

Council Member Filseth: It could be appealed. If it says something as broad
as this, is there any basis for an appeal?

                                                                       Page 94 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
