                            TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Just so we're clear, the 100 Addison site did previously request a
waiver pursuant to the existing Ordinance, and that was not supported.

Council Member Holman: You're saying it was not supported.

Mr. Lait: By the Council. Instead, we got direction to amend the Urgency
Ordinance to come back with the public school—excuse me, the private
school provision. As you recall, that failed 5-4. It needed eight votes to
pass. That one was sort of asked and answered. It was not supported.
Again, that was under the constitution—the waiver that we have in the
interim Ordinance is this constitutional taking standard, which is a really
high standard. The proposed Ordinance introduces a second standard that
the barrier, while still a high bar, does allow opportunities for these outlier
properties to be evaluated for possible removal from the protections of the
Ordinance.

Council Member Holman: Clarification. We're not taking any action on that
tonight, on those Addison properties tonight?

Mr. Lait: That's correct.

Council Member Holman: Good to get clarification on that.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. Just so I'm perfectly clear, we're not taking any action
with respect to waiver. There is the statement that we have in the Staff
Report about the private schools. That's not included in the Ordinance
before you but could be if the Council were interested in pursuing that.

Council Member Holman: Got it. One question about Ordinance Page 7, at
the very top of the page. We're going back—it's okay. I can start there.
Top of Page 7, Number 1 there talks about any ground-floor retail or retail-
like use could be replaced. I think that's redundant to what's down in "C"
below, it seems like. Is it not?

Ms. Eisberg: The top of Page 7, Number 1 is redundant with Part C?

Council Member Holman: Yes, it seems to me.

Ms. Eisberg: Number 1 is really the core idea of the Ordinance, that retail or
retail-like uses can only be replaced by other retail or retail-like. Part C is
about the two paths for a waiver, one, this economic hardship or, two, this
alternate viable use that's consistent with the purposes of the district. That
would allow for another type of use, whether it's private school or …

Council Member Holman: To make it clear for just this reader, it would read
clearer to be may be replaced only—never mind, I got it. I got it. I think
                                                                        Page 65 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
