                          TRANSCRIPT
what came forward from the—not to say that we can't make some different
kind of recommendations than the recommendations that came forward.
This wasn't part of the discussion as far as I can tell. I don't have Minutes.
As far as I can tell, it wasn't. I think it's a pretty significant change from
what came forward, for us to just do that on the fly here at the dais. I will
not be supporting the Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: If you need to speak to the Amendment. Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just to underline—I think it's been underlined.
This is an increase of about 1 million square feet at a cap that will probably
not be reached. I would just like to say I feel like we're getting off to a poor
start tonight. We've had multiple meetings on this. It's going to be a
shame if on these kind of major issues we're going to have 5-4 votes all
night and remain split. As Council Member Filseth pointed out, we had some
pretty important areas of consensus. One of them being high-quality
development with the least impacts. We've had 17 community meetings. It
just seems like bad governance to sit up here and add in another 1 million
square feet kind of on the spur of the moment. I'm extremely concerned
about the way this meeting is going. I'll just say that up front. Obviously,
I'm not going to be supporting this Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Just to shed light on the number of square footage.
The medical offices in the SUMC area, how many square foot was built over
there or approved?

Ms. Gitelman: It's over—I didn't bring the number with me. It's 1.7 or 2
million square feet. It's a huge project that has been already entitled. It's
already underway.

Council Member Kou: I understand that. That one is unmonitored and that
has the 2 million additional square footage, and now we're adding another
million for the Research Park. That's a little bit too much even.

Ms. Gitelman: I just found the number. It's 1.3 million square feet.

Council Member Kou: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things. I wasn't going to weigh in
but, after hearing some of the comments from my Colleagues, I felt I had to

                                                                         Page 45 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
