                          TRANSCRIPT
if you are bothered by the plane noise, would you please raise your hands or
stand up? Again, thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Kerry Yarkin to be followed by Richard. Richard.

Kerry Yarkin: Good morning, Mayor and Council Members. As you probably
know, I've talked a lot about the unfriendly skies, but I'm not here to talk
about the unfriendly skies today. I looked at the City website, and it says
that the City is committed to working with us, the citizens, the Congress and
the FAA and the Roundtable to find solutions. That sounds great. I'm here
to invite two to three of you Council Members to form an airplane noise
committee, subcommittee to follow up on the report of the select committee
of South Bay arrivals. There is a lot of recommendations; I ran off just a
few pages for you to see. I know that I attended at least 36 hours of
meetings for the select committee. I spoke a few times. We really need
your help to lobby. As an individual citizen, to go and talk to the head of the
FAA and some of the technical people and the Roundtable people and
different mayors, I'm not as effective. If we had a group of City Council
people that were really involved in the issue and lobbying hard and
representing our interests, I think we could get further along in the process.
We really need to get a seat on the ad hoc committee. As you know, Greg
Scharff was an alternate. We, who have 60 percent of all the arrivals,
basically our arrivals runway into (San Francisco Airport) SFO, need
representation on that ad hoc committee, and we need to lobby for that.
There's a meeting on Tuesday the FAA's putting on. It's a community
meeting to amend the Class B airspace. I would hope that some of you
could attend with us and start this lobbying process of getting what the
select committee proposals proposed. I did want to just show—if you're
looking at this, it's just the cover sheet. The members of Congress want to
consider the potential solutions that they came up with. I ran off just the
table of contents. Section 2 is the solutions. They're all highlighted in
yellow. There are, I think, 17 or 18. Those directly could change the whole
situation for us. We could get peace and quiet if some of these can get
enacted. I would just like to end. Together, I think, we can all get some
real relief from the airplane noise and the traffic if we hold the FAA
accountable and follow up with their report and the proposals. Thank you
for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Excuse me. Vice Mayor Kniss has a question.

Vice Mayor Kniss: You mentioned a meeting you would like us to go to. Can
you tell us when it is?



                                                                           Page 3 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
