                          TRANSCRIPT
going through school, I used to work in the shoe store. After graduating
Menlo College, I went into the shoe business. We built a large family shoe
store, about 10,000 square feet under one roof of family shoes. From there
on, I opened up my own clothing store while I was still running that shoe
store, called Roxy's in Carmel and also in Palo Alto, very young clothing and
shoes. I was lucky to be in the starting of the athletic shoe business. I
started a chain of stores called the Athletic Shoe Factory, built 68 stores in
California, Arizona, and Nevada, and fortunate enough to sell it to the Foot
Locker. Working 6 days a week, 7 days a week, I loved it, and I had a
tremendous passion for retail. That's what it takes to be successful in retail.
You have to have a passion because it's hard work. Today for young people
to be in retail, it is so hard. It's so hard to get financing. It's just a real
struggle. I was having coffee this week with a good friend of mine that used
to be president of Clark's of England. You probably have all wore Wallaby
shoes or Clark shoes over the years (inaudible) most of you. He sits on a
couple of boards, and one's a large shoe chain. He was quoting an article
from Forbes, which he's going to try to get me a copy of. I'd love to forward
it to you. It was about the United States and retail. Per capita, we have 50
square feet of retail space in the United States. In Europe, they have 2.5.
I've been saying to myself for years now, because I did a lot of traveling
when I had all these stores, that we're over-retailed. We've got too much
retail. Retail is changing radically. You've all grown up in it and seen how
it's changed with the internet. They're having 30, 40, 50 percent increases
every year. Retail is going down and down. Today you don't need a large,
10,000-square-foot shoe store because of inventory control or shipping. It's
even going to change in the future. I'm talking in the next few years. When
you walk into a shoe store, you're going to have a scan done of your foot.
You're going to choose the material you want. You're going to choose the
heel height you want. The scan's going to go right to the factory, make the
shoes, and it's going to be shipped the next day to you. That's what the
future's going to be. I think you have to realize that retail is changing. It's
changing fast. It's very tough to be in the retail business. To expand the
core, you're just going to hurt—to expand out of the core, you're just going
to hurt the existing retail. I think you need to be aware of that. One other
thing …

Mayor Scharff: Roxy, we're over the 3 minutes.

Mr. Rapp: I want to just tell you one more thing that's going to be the most
important thing. You've got to be very careful on your decision-making.
The atmosphere that the retailer makes, the experience inside the store is
going to be so important in the future. Be very careful when you're talking
about windows and glazing and lights and whatever. Thank you.

                                                                        Page 46 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
