                          TRANSCRIPT
out six or seven of them, for instance, on Page 5 that you pointed to with
the transportation. You've got a whole bunch of transportation projects
there. You've highlighted seven of them, two of them related to rail that
maybe go to together. Are you looking for us to affirm your highlighted
ones and say those are our top priorities within all of those projects?

Mr. Keene: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: Or to say we want to (inaudible) which ones get
the top priority from those projects listed?

Mr. Keene: Let me restate. I want to go back to what Tom said also. It
seemed difficult to us—it seemed most effective to us if we were going to
ask you to add the projects today to the Priorities you set, for us to not
come in identifying the framework we saw. Then, you get an idea of how
this could look. We clearly see that you're going to go back now and say
what are the Priorities. At least, it's fairly easy when we've only got 24. You
start to realize do these projects match up at all with the Priorities that we
have. I would like you to say—I'm going to assume that 75 percent of them
at least do or else we've been on the wrong track for 2 years. You're going
to add some other things potentially. I think this is something that's going
to get clearer as you do it. You're going to have to make the road by
walking on it a little bit.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Let me ask one …

Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Vice Mayor Kniss: … last clarifying thing. Just to get specific, the bike
boulevard has been my concern for about 5 years.

Mayor Scharff: Bike bridge.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Bike bridge, yes. Sorry. What are we going to call that,
a project or a goal?

Mr. Keene: That's listed as a project under here.

Vice Mayor Kniss: It's one that we've voted on already. My concern is some
of these could have more urgency. That one's not done until 2020. Is that
as fast as we can move along a project? It's going to take 3 years?

Mr. Keene: There's two things. You probably didn't get a chance to write
the one-page cover that I wrote on this. Some of these projects are things,
in one sense, that the Council's going to have to expend very little effort on
directly during the course of the year, because you've already voted on it,
                                                                         Page 40 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
