                         TRANSCRIPT
going to take half an hour, I'd rather do the half an hour at some other day
when I've had a chance to peruse what we just did. I still don't understand
what we just did.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually it's a question for Staff. I meant to ask
this before we voted on the earlier substantial Motion to pull out programs
and put them in a separate component. If we bring this back at another
date, would that provide an opportunity for Staff and consultants to take a
peek through the programs and see if there were any there that really ought
to be listed as policies according to the Staff and consultant's views?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we were going to suggest that, if the Land Use
Element is going to come back to you, we get a chance to go through it,
implement the changes that you've adopted as motions earlier this evening,
take out the programs and do as you suggest, if there are any programs
that should have been policies, make those kind of changes. We'd bring you
back something that would be a little easier to review.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that.

Mayor Scharff: I think it's a good plan.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll support the Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Scharff: With that, we're now at Council Member Questions and
Comments. Seeing no lights—Council Member Fine. No. Council Member
Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: What did we just do again?

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no other lights, the meeting's adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 10:59 P.M.


                                                                       Page 108 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
