                          TRANSCRIPT
was camping in the parks in case of emergencies. You really helped me get
that off and take emergency preparedness in the City to the next level. I
really appreciate that. Along the way also all your guidance through all the
different issues, thank you so much.

Mayor Scharff: Pat, I just wanted to say that I've enjoyed serving as your
Vice Mayor. I really appreciate all that you've done for Palo Alto. I've got to
say you're one of the smartest people I've ever known, and you do a really
good job on the policy stuff. The work on the creek stuff, I think, is
exemplary. We really owe you a lot on the creek stuff. Thank you for your
service.

4.    Resolution 9656 Entitled, “Resolution of the City Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Expressing Appreciation to Greg Schmid for his Outstanding
      Public Service as Council Member.”

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Schmid.         Council Member DuBois, would
you like to read …

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to say a few words. I'm actually not going
to read all the "whereas" and "wherefore." Greg, there is a bunch of official
language here coming your way. Greg's been on the Council since 2008.
Before that, he served on the School Board for four years. You've served
our community for a long time, and you've served us very well. While he
was on Council, he chaired the Finance Committee. I think you were on the
Finance Committee five times, Policy and Services a couple of years. You
were on most of our City Committees. Regionally, you served on ABAG and
the Santa Clara Water District. I think we're losing our only Ph.D. on Council
tonight. Greg has consistently brought a unique viewpoint. He digs into the
data, and he really looks for cause and effect. You've used data to make
informed decisions and really shed new light on issues, going beyond the
surface level. I personally have appreciated those insights, and I'm going to
miss those contributions. Greg has consistently been a voice for quality of
life issues and residents on Council. I don't know how many times I've
heard "the parties involved should pay their fair share," but that's a refrain
that's good to hear. Greg's been a consistent supporter of sustainability
issues and environmental issues throughout his tenure. Greg, I and the rest
of the Council want to commend you for your public service and give you
thanks and appreciation for being such a strong contributing member of our
community. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things that I wanted to add. One is
that, although, it's easy for us to pigeon-hole each other and easy for us to
                                                                         Page 14 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
