                          TRANSCRIPT
questions we were able to pull more information out of them, which made us
cautiously optimistic. Emphasis on the cautiously when it comes to airport
noise. Having us in the room with those people, asking the right questions
got us more information than we would have otherwise had. It was just an
interesting lesson. Hopefully we get some Caltrain electrification. Hopefully
we get some relief on airplane noise. Hopefully we get the approvals we
need to move forward with the creek flood protections upstream from
Highway 101. Emphasis on “hopefully”. Also, today I was appointed as
Chair of the Legislative Action Committee for the League of California Cities
Peninsula Division, which is a new committee.

Mayor Scharff: Congratulations. Council Member Fine. I thought you had
your light on. I'll just also briefly report on Washington, D. C. I thought it
was extremely useful. I found what was the most useful, frankly, was
talking to the Republic Senators that we talked to. They too were very
concerned with the cut in transportation—the ones that we spoke to—that
this is a change in the process. There was lots of concern about where that
budget was going. It hadn't come out yet, but there had been rumors. I
thought that was very interesting. I'm still hopeful that the Feds will step up
and do the right thing and fund the Caltrain electrification. If not, I'm sure
there will be some sort of Plan B that electrification actually gets done at
some point.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Could I just add to that? While we were back there,
there's so much interest in electrification. I don't know if any of you noticed
that just a week ago there was an editorial in the New York Times on the
electrification and the importance of it in the country. It was heartening to
read that. If any of you have any influence with someone, please use it.

Mayor Scharff: With that, the meeting's adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 10:50 P.M.




                                                                            Page 91 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
