                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: You've got to fight.

Mayor Scharff: You've got to fight, no really. I think it's a divisive issue. I
do hear different reasons when people talk about what they want. Frankly,
it may be something that at some point goes to a vote of the people about
what they want. Putting it in the Comp Plan could limit the ability to go to
the people to do that without changing the Comprehensive Plan. I'm going
to vote no on the Amendment. Council Member Wolbach, did you have your
light on?

Council Member Wolbach:       Again, we're just speaking to the Amendment
currently, correct?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach:          I'm not going to support the Amendment.
Basically I'll just associate my comments with those of Mayor Scharff with
the exception of I'm not currently convinced that 55 is something we should
go to. I've always been very clear, since before I joined the Council, that
even if we were to start from scratch and ask the question, what would be a
good height limit if we didn't have one, would 50 feet be the right one? I'm
not sure. Probably not. It's what we have, and we've had it for a long time.
It's served us very well. I'm not interested in—as many controversial stands
as I take, that's not one that I think is super important for us to change. As
I've said for the last couple of years, I haven't heard a lot of people from the
community saying it needs to change, it should go up. That's actually
started to change in the last 6-12 months including tonight. We've heard a
lot of people, a lot of groups that I didn't expect to weigh in on this, starting
to say that we should actually change the height limit or we should look at
changing the height limit. This Motion says we're not looking to change
that; we're not trying to change it. We're leaving the door open for that
conversation in the future. Council Member DuBois and I have both spoken
on this dais in the past about maybe letting the public decide through a
ballot measure. There's been discussion about maybe going up to 55 feet to
give a little more space to ground-floor retail. There's been discussion about
going up to 65 feet for affordable housing. I still think it's not something I'm
interested in changing, but I don't want to foreclose those conversations.
What the community is telling us about this issue has changed, I think, very
dramatically in the last few months. I don't think now would be the
appropriate time to say we're not going to continue that conversation.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: (Inaudible).

                                                                         Page 58 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
