                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I know the knee bone is connected to the shin bone and all of
that stuff here. We are starting to move out of the direct Item that's before
the Council on the RPP and moving into related but ancillary parking issues.
I really wonder if that's advisable.

Council Member Holman: This was in the original Colleagues' Memo; it was
part of the discussion when it came to the Council before too.

Mr. Keene: Right. With all due respect, I didn't know we were explicitly
coming back with a comprehensive response to the Colleagues' Memo as it is
with bringing a recommendation for the pilot for this particular RPP.

Council Member Holman:        I think they're intricately interwoven with each
other.

Mr. Keene: I'm not saying that they're not. You're bringing up issues now
that we're not as fully prepared as we should be on Staff to support the full
discussion to the Council. You're sort of giving us additional new directives
at the last minute. I just am thinking that we're going to be talking more
broadly about next phase parking issues and is this the best way to do that.
I just raise it.

Council Member Holman: Council Member Tanaka did second this. There's
been discussion about how to potentially in the future reduce the number of
commercial permits in the neighborhood.            I think this is one way to
potentially do that. I think it's fairly critical. Again, we asked the Staff to
come back with a recommendation.

Council Member Filseth: Question on that. Isn't this covered under one of
the previous ones where we directed Staff to come up with ways of being
more efficient about getting permits to the garage?

Council Member Holman: I don't see it as part of that. If Staff wants to say
that is part of it …

Mayor Scharff: Let's just vote on it. You seconded this?

Council Member Holman: We have to know what we're voting on.

Mayor Scharff: (Inaudible).

Council Member Holman: The question arose is "G" the same as what I'm
proposing. I don't see them as the same.

Mayor Scharff: (Inaudible).

                                                                       Page 117 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
