                          TRANSCRIPT
revenue counter even to dogs and willing stick their head in God knows what
situation in order to make sure that the City is safe. Every year we just
have a plethora of Staff people, projects, initiatives the City has that
receives recognition. We received the best in active and safe communities
award in the 2016 Healthy Cities campaign in response, I think, in many
ways to the Council's Priority. Our Staff in Development Services from Acela
received their 2016 trendsetter award.          This picture here is of Kathy
Durham, one of our former employees, who was recognized for her
groundbreaking Safe Routes to School work as a bicycle professional of the
year by the League of American Bicyclists. Also, an additional award related
to our bike program. We received an award from the California Energy
Efficiency Industrial Council as an energy champion. Our Urban Forestry
program received accreditation by the Society of Municipal Arborists. You
can see Chief Nickel here in the picture, who was recognized by the
California State Fire Marshal as a certified fire chief. He is only one of 33 to
obtain this certification in the whole State of California. Our own Chief
Information Officer Jonathan Reichental was recognized as one of the top 20
most influential CIOs in the United States, public and private sector realms.
For the fourth year in a row, Palo Alto was named among the top five digital
cities in our population category by the Center for Digital Government. I
don't think our Auditor is here tonight. Harriet Richardson received the
Association of Governmental Accountants excellence in government
leadership award for a State and local government professional. She also
received the Knighton award from the Association of Government Auditors
for the Animal Services audit. We won the EPA EAT sustainable purchasing
award from the Green Electronics Council.           We received an award of
outstanding achievement for local government innovation from the Alliance
for Innovation. The City's Information Security Manager received an award
for excellence in cybersecurity leadership from the California Cybersecurity
Symposium. The City of Palo Alto 2017, the year in preview not the year in
review. There you all are, up there. 2017 looks like a good year to focus.
One of the interesting things is that we've had for a couple of years, for
example, completion of the Comprehensive Plan by the City. We haven't
done that. That might be one of the things that we assure that we do this
year. As it relates to our capacity, our resources, our finances in 2017. The
nearer-term pressures we really have are, I think I can safely say, externally
imposed. We have a challenge in the General Fund related to the Stanford
fire contract and Stanford's desire to renegotiate the contract. In some
ways, it could have about a $2 million effect on us. We've had some court
rulings related to—not just for us but statewide—street lights needing to not
be funded out of the Utilities' Electric Fund. We brought those last year back
into the General Fund, but that's an ongoing $2 million impact. The
TrackWatch means restrictions both between the guards and what we're
taking a look at as it relates to a replacement camera system is about a $2
                                                                           Page 9 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
