                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Watson: I just wanted to say thank you, and we look forward to
working with you in the months to come while the City Manager looks for a
new permanent Police Chief.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much.

Mr. Keene: I did want to share, since the police just happen to be here,
more about COPS but of a different sort. We did get a question from a
Council Member over the weekend. I thought I'd provide a verbal response
to the entire Council tonight; I didn't have time to be able to put it in an
email. It really was just in regard to State and Federal funding. It was
prompted by the COPS funding item on Consent for tonight. I did just want
to share with the Council that the only Federal funding received is an
occasional reimbursement from the Federal Bulletproof Vest Partnership
program.      This program provides reimbursement to agencies for the
purchase of bulletproof vests for officers. We try and seek reimbursement
any time we qualify. It's a bit of hit or miss on that. The ongoing funding
we get from the State is the annual COPS program to supplement new
equipment or programs as outlined in the Staff Report. Some of this
funding, of course, can be pass-through Federal funding from the feds who
go through the State. We do occasionally get grants through the Office of
Traffic Safety and the Alcohol Beverage Control, ABC, for enforcement of
traffic or alcohol-related offenses. The proportion of our City Budget that
has had any Federal funding in the Police Department is extremely small.
From the Fire Department, I did want to share that residents of our
community can now request a free home safety visit from the Fire
Department. This free risk-reduction program includes individual fire safety
training, strategies for limiting slip-and-fall injuries, installation of smoke
alarms, and establishing a fire escape plan. Specific emphasis will be on
citizens in higher-risk categories for fires and injuries including residents
over the age of 65, families with young children, and those with mobility or
sensory impairment. Neighborhood fire and medical crews provide this
service and advice. The U.S. Fire Administration data shows that adults over
age 65 have 2 1/2 times greater risk of dying in fires than the general
population. The Fire Department's goal is to reduce our community's risk
while supporting independent living. As we all know, the senior population
over 65 is the fastest-growing portion of our demographics as a City. Two
other items to report. One is just a reminder of a really interesting
conversation that the City's Human Relations Commission will hold this
Thursday, February 2nd, from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. at the Palo Alto Arts Center
auditorium. It is the first in a series of forums called Being Different
Together: Deepening Community Conversations and will focus on individual
and community identity as well as commonalities and differences. The goal
of the forum series is to create an opportunity to build relationships with
                                                                         Page 6 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
