                          TRANSCRIPT
check out the train schedules, provide feedback to the City on issues. Keep
posted on that.      The third experiment is evaluation of a web-based
dashboard that shows real-time information on our Smart City technologies
such as smart lighting and traffic signal and flow information. That will be
launched online for the public to be able to look at it. Lastly, we're doing a
small experiment with Stanford University students and post docs, deploying
air quality sensors on University Avenue to capture air quality measures. All
of these are in the early stages of planning and preparation. They certainly
follow appropriate approvals and consultations with stakeholders. We'll
provide Council more detail via a Study Session in the first half of 2017 or an
Information Report. Applications for Boards and Commissions are still open.
Friday is the deadline for citizens interested to apply for the Historic
Resources Board, the Parks and Recreation Commission and the Planning
and Transportation Commission. Applications are available on the City
Clerk's webpage, cityofpaloalto.org/clerk. Again, the application deadline is
Friday, January 27th at 4:30 p.m. Just a reminder that this Saturday,
January 28th, from 8:30 a.m. until 1:30 p.m. is the City Council annual
Retreat. It will be held this year at the Art Center auditorium just off Newell
Road and Embarcadero. The Council will decide what it's Priorities for the
year will be. We'll also look at progress made on last year's projects as well
as get an update on the Annual Citizen Survey. The public is also invited to
attend the City's Office of Emergency Services seventh annual community
partnership awards ceremony this Thursday, January 26th, from 6:45 to
9:00 p.m. here in the City Council Chambers. Five individuals will be
recognized for their outstanding service in emergency preparedness
activities. There will be a timely keynote presentation on cyber terrorism by
FBI Supervisory Agent Elvis Chan following the awards ceremony. There will
also be an event celebrating and thanking Police Chief Dennis Burns and
Assistant Chief Bob Beacom for their service at City of Palo Alto as they
retire from the City. This is an invitation only event. It will be held on
Wednesday, where Mayor Scharff will present Chief Burns and subsequently
Assistant Chief Beacom with their retirement Resolutions along with other
community-related recognition.        Finally, please join Mayor Scharff on
Thursday, January 26, as Canopy hosts the 21st annual Mayor tree planting
ceremony from 5:15 to 7:00 p.m., which will take place near the Magical
Bridge Playground at Mitchell Park. In addition to the Mayor tree planting,
this year's event will include a special tree planting tribute to newly retired
Police Chief Dennis Burns. That's all I have to report. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.




                                                                        Page 32 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
