                          TRANSCRIPT
business disruptive. I'm pretty sure Staff has got the right number, that
would be a safe number to get started. What I object to and I think is
dangerous is the prioritization. There's a three-step prioritization. I think
some people might get on the first priority that really don't deserve it. What
happens if you're selling permits to a business that is nonconforming? By
having strata, you actually could have maldistribution. I think it'd be a
better launch to have a free-for-all and not have the priorities that the Staff
has recommended. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Reza Riahi.

Reza Riahi: Good evening, Council Members. I've been coming here for
some time also, not as long as Neilson obviously. I've brought my son
tonight. In case this takes longer, he'll take over after me. I'm here to talk
about the RPP Ordinance in Evergreen Park. I've met with several of you in
the past. In the past few weeks, we've been working with the resident
members as well, the leaders. The ordinance as its going through was put
together without any input from the business community, particularly the
healthcare providers. Come April 1st, none of the dental practices there are
going to have any parking for their staff. It's caused obviously a great deal
of concern for my colleagues over there. This comes at a time where it's
really difficult to get any staff to stay with us. We have very qualified staff
that we spend years training. Because of the length of commute that they
have to go through, it's become very difficult. If you, in fact, talk to most of
the practices, they have open positions that they haven't been able to fill for
months. Just to remind you, these are community-serving businesses that
we have pretty much come to agreement that are necessary for the
residents of Palo Alto. When you look at the numbers that came out of last
year's survey, any office has somewhere between 70-90 percent of their
patients coming from Palo Alto residents themselves. We're asking that, if
Council can meet together and bring back the Evergreen Park area RPP and
put it on the agenda for next week. We have some solutions, working with
the resident leaders, that might help them as well so these businesses aren't
hurt in April. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. That concludes oral comment.

Minutes Approval

6.    Approval of Action Minutes for the January 30 and February 6, 2017
      Council Meetings.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we need the Minutes. I need a Motion to approve the
Minutes.

                                                                         Page 52 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
