                         TRANSCRIPT
submitting supporting documentation that the criteria are continuing to be
met. I'm very happy to with great honor recognize the City of Palo Alto and
present the SMA Urban Forestry program accreditation to the City of Palo
Alto. Would Mayor Greg Scharff and Urban Forester Walter Passmore please
join me in accepting the award?

Mayor Scharff: As most of you know, over the holidays we had an incident
with swastikas in our City. We sent out a message from the Mayor on this
issue, but I wanted to read it into the record, so everyone can hear it. As
part of our last meeting of 2016, the City Council adopted a Resolution
reaffirming Palo Alto's commitment to a diverse, supportive, inclusive and
protective community. The values articulated in the Resolution are ones
that we as Palo Altans recognize as emblematic of our community. Recently
we have been reminded that these values need to be continually reinforced.
Over the holiday break, we learned that a number of swastika symbols were
drawn on signs within Palo Alto and at Stanford. These symbols of bigotry
and hate are disturbing. Of course, we must remain vigilant and speak out
against such acts and do everything we can to protect our community while
remaining open and inclusive. One passage of the Resolution speaks to this
directly and states: the City of Palo Alto rejects bigotry in all its forms
including but not limited to Islamaphobia, anti-Semitism, racism, nativism,
misogyny and homophobia.         We should take great comfort that such
occurrences are rare in Palo Alto. At first glance, this appears to have been
the work of an individual, and there have been no further incidents reported,
but we cannot be complacent when we experience such acts. Our Police
Department continues to investigate the incidents and is doing everything
they can to identify those responsible and bring them to justice. To that
end, we encourage anybody with information to contact the Police
Department's 24-hour dispatch center at 650-329-2413. Anonymous tips
can be emailed to paloalto@tipnow.org or sent via text message or voice
mail to 650-383-8984.       As Palo Altans, we can all affirm our City's
commitment to a diverse, supportive, inclusive and protective community
through our actions and words each and every day. Thank you. I think we
could just take a five-minute break. Wait, sorry. I have one more card on
SMA accreditation that I didn't see (inaudible) up here.             Catherine
Martineau, you wanted to speak. I apologize.

Catherine Martineau: What you had to say was very important, and we
thank you for that. Good evening, Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Kniss, Council
Members and City Manager Keene. On behalf of the Board of Canopy, of the
whole Canopy community, I too wanted to congratulate the Urban Forestry
program and Walter Passmore in particular and the Council, of course, for
the accreditation.   In an interview that Walter gave to City Trees, a
publication on urban forestry, he talked about some of the reasons that the
                                                                        Page 20 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
