                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kou: Thank you. I'm sorry, I still have … On the
mechanical lifts, do you happen to know which properties have the lifts now?
Are those lifts and the uses of its efficiency and frequency monitored? Do
you guys monitor it? Do they report in to give you understanding of how
efficient it is used and frequency?

Ms. Campbell: Attachment E of your Staff Report provides a brief list of
some projects that we've approved, that include lifts. I do think that we
have had some conditions of approval that have required some type of plan
be developed along with the project to make sure safety is addressed or
emergency procedures are outlined for tenants of the building, but we don't
have a consistent requirement that requires all of the monitoring and things
like that. Our new language would—we have a requirement in our text now
to provide that additional review.

Council Member Kou: The reason I ask is because before we go about
approving more of those we should know if they are actually being used both
frequently and efficiently. Are they ADA compliant? How does handicapped
use these spaces if they want to?

Ms. Campbell: For ADA spaces, they would not use lifts.

Council Member Kou: It would be just the normal parking spaces allowed?

Ms. Campbell:       In our Code requirements or for the language we're
proposing, we're definitely specifying that ADA spaces and loading spaces
would not be allowed to use any type of mechanical lift system. Again,
some of the projects listed in Attachment E go back to 2006, 2013.
Definitely we've had projects that have been around for a little while now
that are utilizing mechanical lifts. We haven't heard any issues, at least not
yet.

Council Member Kou: For electric cars, we have all those charging stations.
Would these lift areas have charging stations put in so that people with
electric cars might be able to use it? How would you work that?

Ms. Campbell: All of the other requirements that a project needs to comply
with would still need to happen. For all of the charging stations that a
project is required to provide, they would need to incorporate that into the
design with the lifts.

Council Member Kou: With the lifts?

Mr. Lait: I would say separate from the lifts. You're not going to get a
charging station in a lift. If they're allowed to do X number of lifts, that's
                                                                       Page 73 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
