                          TRANSCRIPT
in smoke alarm and battery technology has allowed new alarms to last up to
10 years, except in the Vice Mayor's home. Those are two that we've taken
care of. Smoke alarms save lives. Having a working smoke alarm cuts the
chances of dying in a house fire in half.             The United States Fire
Administration has identified two high risk groups that we have here in this
community—this is nationwide—those that are under the age of 13 and
those that are over the age of 65. Unfortunately, these two high-risk groups
account for almost 50 percent of all fire fatalities nationwide. The goal with
our poster contest is to partner with the Palo Alto Unified School District in
creating an atmosphere where students can both learn about fire safety and
then take these messages home to teach. We have lots of great stories
where the children are teaching their families about fire safety. The 114
men and women of the Palo Alto Fire Department are committed to
education to reduce the community's risk from fire, especially in the high-
risk youth and elderly groups. This program is bookended on the home
safety visit program that City Manager James Keene shared with you 2
weeks ago. The home safety visit is focused and dedicated to our older
community members seeking to maintain independence and safety. I would
now like to introduce a couple of our team members, first apparatus
operator Tammy Jasso, to tell you some more about the successful, artist-
inspired, youth-led risk reduction program.

Tamara Jasso, Palo Alto Fire Department: Thank you very much for having
us here. This is the second year we've done this in front of City Council, but
we have been doing the poster contest for a couple of decades now. I've
had the honor of being the coordinator for 11 years now. It's something
that, I feel, is very important, and it's why I've continued to do it. I enjoy
going out to the schools. We used to do the awards presentation in the
classrooms, and it's really nice for the kids to be able to come here and get
even greater recognition for their efforts. Every year they turn in some
amazing artwork. It's really tough to pick winners from that group, but
every year we do. It's usually myself and a group of other firefighters that
get to try to do the tough job of picking the winners. Every year we get a
lot of participation from all the students in the School District. It's been a
great program and a great experience.

Mr. Nickel: I'd like to invite the Mayor to come down and help me hand out
the awards and the certificates.

Ms. Jasso: We're going to start with the first graders. For second place in
first grade, from Escondido Roman Woolfolk [phonetic]. University Arts has
sponsored us for several years, and they provide gift certificates as prizes.
First place gets a $25 gift certificate; second place gets a $15 gift certificate;
and third place gets a $10 gift certificate. For first place in the first grade
                                                                           Page 3 of 127
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/13/17
