                         TRANSCRIPT
with that, the appropriate way to do would be to write a Colleagues' Memo
and get people to support it and agendize it to relook at it.

Council Member Tanaka: Let's move on then. Let's see. Basements on
Page 5, "B". Page 5, that's packet Page 431. I guess it's 18.30C.020(b). I
want to make a motion basically to allow the conversion of basement retail
to nonretail uses.

Council Member Fine: I'll second that. I think it may be easier to strike this
Letter B.

Council Member Tanaka: Strike "B."

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Tanaka moved, seconded by Council
Member Fine to add to the Motion, “remove Section 18.30(C).030(b).”

Mayor Scharff: Go right ahead, speak to your Motion.

Council Member Tanaka: I think the nature of retail is changing. In the old
days, you needed to have a big inventory. A lot of times now retail is just a
showroom. Basement retail is always really tough because there's no
frontage for the retail to be successful. I don't think we should mandate
this.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine, you want to speak to your second?

Council Member Fine: Yeah. That's why I asked my question earlier to
Staff. Which of these spaces do we know and do customers still use them is
questionable. In order to reinforce the retail we do want, which is ground
floor, facing streets for pedestrian experience, basement retail doesn't
support that case. In fact, it somewhat dilutes it.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I won't be supporting this one either because
we're not talking about having customers in basements. We're talking about
the support services that are in the basements. I'll just use an example of
CVS Downtown. They have their offices in the basement. That's their
support offices, and they need that. I don't know how much storage they
have down there, but I know they have their offices downstairs. It's that
kind of thing that we don't want to disrupt or take away, because that
means we would be taking away square footage from the ground-floor retail
for them to have offices to support their business. It may come a time when
we want to do a finer look at how much basement space is really good to


                                                                      Page 109 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
