                          TRANSCRIPT
out in that plan—I'm sure you're familiar with all these points. There's about
ten of them. These were the things that you said should be accomplished by
the new facility. Among them, minimizing greenhouse gas emissions—I
wanted to make that clear—and producing renewable energy. Those were
two key points that we saw in our process of looking at this. Now, what the
Bio-solids Facility Plan recommended is what you see in bold there. That's
exactly what it said. One of the things that I saw, as a person who designs
reports and information, is how could anyone other than someone who's
quite familiar with the technology and the industry know what this says. It
took me several hours of research to figure this out. That was one of our
concerns, that the way the information was being presented to decision-
makers wasn't clear. We wanted to be able to share this decision-maker
decision as well. This is one of my things; I always point out Mr. Imhoff
because we're going to talk about anaerobic digesters. This is the godfather
of our industry. I've been involved with it for about 35 years. He wrote that
book, The Handbook of Urban Drainage, in 1906, and it's still the bible of
what we do. It's still viable. He also patented a device called the Imhoff
Tank in 1907. That was kind of a glorified septic tank. When you look at
the history of anaerobic digesters, the first thing I could find was 1859 at a
leper colony in Bombay. How about that? A couple of things in England,
then we see Imhoff in 1907. Then, in the 1930s it picked up because they
started capturing the gas, the methane, and using that. The City of LA
installed a fairly large facility in the '30s just for that purpose. This is the
basic anaerobic digester. It's kind of a facetious thing, but it's very, very
true because the same natural processes that go on inside the cow, the
same kind of bacteria, are what make the anaerobic digester work. The idea
of the anaerobic digester is the bacteria react with the bio-solids, and they
reduce the mass. When they do that, they're breaking apart molecules and
giving off gases. This is a little bit of humor. That was the cow-to-car
program as they called it, trying to create a direct link between the cow's
methane and use in a vehicle. Cows produce about 250 liters of methane
each day. In an anaerobic digester, there's four stages that happen. The
first one, hydrolysis, is just stuff gets wet. It's like soaking the dishes; it
makes stuff soft. That's the idea. That creates more surface area for the
bacteria to work on. Then fermentation, making alcohol, is the next stage.
I call it vinegarization; that's the word I made up. If you leave the
fermented stuff, it turns to vinegar. That's acetic acid. Acetic acid is
something that's made of both CO2 and methane. The methanogenic
bacteria break that apart and make the methane. That's what is desired to
do. That's what that Alternative 2C is, to try and set up the anaerobic
digester so they make as much methane as possible in as short a time as
possible, then use that methane in an engine, turn a wheel, turbine, to make
electricity. They start with thermal hydrolysis. Again, a little bit of humor
here, but this is not as facetious as it may seem. Using the water and heat
                                                                          Page 3 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
