                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: No, she did not.

Council Member Holman: I was looking for language. It's Packet Page 327,
and it's Section 8, modifications to off-street loading requirements.

Council Member Filseth: I actually wanted to ask another question about
that one, if I could. If it says here that …

Mayor Scharff:   They want you to speak into your mike.        They can't hear
you.

Council Member Filseth: It says here the Director may modify the quantity
or dimensions of off-street loading for nonresidential, etc. It says on a
finding that the off-street loading may conflict with Comprehensive Plan
goals and policies. Is that what we're saying?

Mr. Lait: May not.

Council Member Filseth: Page 327.

Mr. Lait: It should be that there is no conflict. Let me read this from the
beginning here.

Ms. Gitelman: I think it's correct. What it's saying is if an applicant has an
off-street loading requirement on their parcel and the Director finds that that
provision of loading on their parcel would conflict, we can allow the shared
parking in an alley or on-street. I think one of the Council Members pointed
out that this finding could be expanded to say that the on-street solution
does in itself cause impacts. We could get both sides of the question. The
other thing I wanted to point out is this is very similar to the way parking
exceptions are dealt with. The decision is made by the Director. Of course,
the Council has the ability to review that decision on appeal, if a project gets
appealed.

Council Member Filseth: If somebody appeals. I think it ought to be a pain
in the neck to get around the loading zone restrictions on a new building. I
understand the issue with existing legacy buildings. On a new building, I
think it ought to be a pain in the neck to get around that one. Is there any
guidance that you could put that it was purely discretionary.

Ms. Gitelman: The one thing I would say about this issue is that we are a
community that long ago decided that shared parking was the way we
wanted to go. The reason was—if you think about Downtown—we didn't
want a little driveway going into every single parcel in Downtown. We
consolidated our parking in centralized lots and garages. We've thought of

                                                                         Page 92 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
