                         TRANSCRIPT
Michael Harbour, Appellant:        Thank you, City Council Members and
Mr. Mayor. Congratulations on your new appointments here, to be sure.
These five buildings are the buildings that are slated to be torn down and the
new development put there.         Listed here are all the appellants; I'm
representing the appellants here this evening. I want to remind people why
we are here. On May 4, 2015, the Council spent a great deal of time making
a Motion to the applicant about what the new plans should entail going
forward. I've summarized these five points. Specifically, the project,
number one, should have design linkages with the overall pattern of
buildings so that the visual unity of both University and—this is important—
Kipling Street are maintained. The plans were to be resubmitted to the ARB,
and the ARB was specifically to look at the compatibility of the immediate
environment; ensure design articulation and setbacks that minimize
massing; to look at the roof, entries, setbacks, mass, and scale; and that
they must conform to the Context Based Design Criteria. The building's
façade shall have greater reinforcement of the relationship of the street.
The upper floors shall have setbacks. Specifically I've highlighted there was
an option of either third or fourth floors approved if they are visually
compatible from the streets and had articulation and setback both from
University and Kipling. The HRB had weighed in on this previously and
unanimously, 5-0, rejected this plan.          Most recently, the ARB 3-0
unanimously rejected the plans as well. Shadow studies and traffic studies
were also indicated. What I want to let you know is that this appeal is
rooted in violation of the Municipal Palo Alto Codes. The Palo Alto Municipal
Code requires harmonious transition in scale and character and that are
considerate of each other, in the Codes listed there. The design should
follow the Context Based Design Criteria. In addition, the building should be
responsive to the context and compatible with adjacent buildings, should
have appropriate transitions, and have visible unity on the street. My
argument has never been on size or square footage alone, as Council
Member Tanaka incorrectly said. The appeal is also rooted in violation of the
Comprehensive Plan and Downtown Development Guidelines. This massive
building discourages the use of Downtown alleyways for pedestrian and
bicycle only use and prevents shops from opening onto the alleyway. That's
listed in the Comprehensive Plan and the Downtown Development Guidelines
very specifically. Just as Centennial Alleyway has been developed to open
up businesses there, this alleyway has been requested to do the same thing.
Finally, Kipling Street is designated a secondary business district. There
should be recognition and consideration for this as well, which has been
ignored. Again, that's part of the Downtown Design Guidelines. We've seen
many, many renditions. The applicant is on the fourth or fifth architect. The
first design was deemed not compatible.               It showed no shared
characteristics or design linkages with the neighboring buildings. You can
see the big white structure there. It was large and massive and detracted
                                                                        Page 33 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
