                         TRANSCRIPT
this tonight, I know there's a lot of hope about more housing. I'm delighted
we've added the ADUs. Unless things change dramatically—we'll probably
discuss that during the evening—it's difficult to find the land, the permits
and so forth to go over that 200, I think you said. Maybe one year there
was actually 241 homes built. That was probably an unusual year. I've run
out of my time. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: David, if you could put up those slides I sent you.
In order to create a readable document and to ensure some options for the
future, I suggested in January that we do with the Comp Plan what we
decided to do with the S/CAP, the Sustainability/Climate Action Plan, namely
to maintain the programs in the implementation plan, which would be—I'll
take credit for not being very clear about this in January—which we could
then update every 5 years as appropriate. That's what we thought was a
good idea with the S/CAP. I thought why don't we do it with the Comp Plan
too. However, given the number of excellent conversations with members of
the CAC and the general public, I have come to view the best step for this
Plan is to keep the programs in the Comp Plan main body, directly following
the policies with which they're associated. This was not because of the
inaccurate op-ed by a Colleague nor misrepresentations by a past Mayor
who badgered CAC members. My mind has been changed because of
reasoned, civil discourse. We've had a vibrant set of discussions over the
last couple of months about what programs do and should do in the Comp
Plan, where they should be placed, and how future Councils can lean upon
today's guidance while retaining the capacity to adapt to changes in
technology, economy, climate, and the community in the future. The State
of California has a guidebook on how to write a General or Comprehensive
Plan. The idea of having us review and update the programs every 5 years
is clearly supported by State guidelines and, in fact, they go further by
calling for annual program review and for a 5-year review and revision of the
entire Comp Plan. If you were to look at Page 14 of the State of California
Office of Planning and Research General Plan Guidelines from 2003, it says
the General Plan should be reviewed regularly regardless of its horizon and
revised as new information becomes available and as community needs and
values change. If we could go to Slide 2. The California OPR says that we
should review and amend programs annually, which is five times more often
than I think we need to, but that's the State guidelines. That's on Page 46.
If you go to Slide 3. The State says we should actually review and revise
the entire Comp Plan every 5 years.           Again, this is not what I'm
recommending. It's not what I recommended in January. Again, given the
conversations we've had, I'm fine with leaving the programs in the main
body of the Comprehensive Plan. When it comes time for making motions,
                                                                          Page 22 of 91
                                                           Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 03/20/17
