                         TRANSCRIPT
ranking us poor by Palo Altans. None of the other categories just seemed to
even touch that.

Ms. Richardson: That's correct. When I took the raw data and sorted it by
the response rate, we used the excellent and good, so we kind of do it the
reverse way. That was the lowest rated item in the survey. One thing I
forgot to mention. There is an error in the National Research Center's
report. On Page 21, there's actually three. They have a standard format,
and somewhere along the way this year it changed. They didn't catch that,
and I didn't catch it. On Page 21 in Table 34, what they do is they have
three questions in there that start off "did you"—they're yes/no questions.
Did you observe a Code violation? Was a household member a victim of a
crime? Did someone in your household report a crime? When they put the
results in and the percent yes that they have, it actually should say "did not
observe a Code violation," a household member was not a victim of a crime
and did not report a crime. In Table 34, those three should have the word
"not" added.

Mayor Scharff: Anyone next? Adrian?

Council Member Fine: Thank you. This is very helpful. This is really, as
Neilson mentioned, a guiding document for a lot of different operations
across the City. At least on the Planning Commission, this was a very
helpful document in evaluating some of the questions that came before us.
Just at a high level, it's quite clear that housing and mobility are the top
concerns among folks. I also do want to call out there's a lot of stuff it
seems the City is doing well. Many of our services, public safety, natural
environment, Community Services, our residents are quite happy with. I
was interested by your comment. You had that one slide where it was
talking about how we're doing versus how important residents think it is. I
would suggest to my colleagues that that slide is actually quite useful.
There is something we can draw from it, which is where can we have the
most effect, where do we put our efforts behind. If you look at these eight
or so categories, where residents rate them as excellent versus where they
say it's an important or essential service, the ones that we might want to
focus on are where the percent rating is lowest. To me, the ones that stand
out are the built environment, mobility and community engagement. Those
seem to be the areas where residents say these are essential services, this
is what we want our City to do well, but there is the biggest gap as opposed
to something like the natural environment. We all think it's very important,
but we're also doing pretty well. It may not be a focus area. Just a few
comments, and maybe you have some ideas here. I was a little surprised
about two areas of the City, Areas 5 and 6, which had pretty low response


                                                                        Page 21 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
