                         TRANSCRIPT
minimize lot size now. A couple or three areas in the DEIR—I guess we're
talking about anything.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you. Thank you very much for the report and
all this hard work. We're closing in on some choices here. Three quick
questions.    One, a number of cities nearby us have recently adopted
amendments or new General Plans. I'm wondering if you can give us—I
should have asked you this last week; my apologies—some ballpark figures
on what some of our nearby colleague cities have done in terms of new
housing numbers, new job targets in their Comp Plans.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm afraid I just can't do that off the top of my head. We'd
be happy to get back to the Council on that and include that in the Final EIR
as a comparator.

Council Member Fine: That'd be helpful if we can see ourselves, in the next
meeting, in comparison to some of those cities. Two, I'm just looking at
some of the provisions along Stanford Research Park and the shopping
center potentially providing housing sites along El Camino and towards our
Caltrain stations. I'm wondering are those additive to the Research Park's
current commercial areas or would they subtract from it.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the suggestion was that it would be additive. In
addition to the nonresidential development potential in the Research Park,
there would be an encouragement or provision of residential uses in that
area.

Council Member Fine: Thank you. Last question. When looking at the
different scenarios, I really appreciated all the different EIR measures on
them. One that stood out to me is Scenario 6, which has the lowest SOV
trips, kind of the highest percentage of folks not driving alone.       I'm
wondering if you can figure out or explain why that is, what's helping to
move folks away from cars in that scenario.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. It's a good observation. I think
all of the alternatives—the differences between the alternatives are pretty
slight. As you observe, that alternative has a lower SOV rate. I will have to
ask the transportation professionals who developed the travel demand
model exactly which of all the levers they pull and push resulted in that
outcome. We can get back to you and certainly respond to that in the Final
EIR.

Council Member Fine: Thank you.
                                                                          Page 19 of 91
                                                           Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 03/20/17
