                          TRANSCRIPT
don't think you're trying to hide anything. I just want to again make sure
that everybody understands that that's what we're looking at here.
Hopefully we can continue to bring in additional data and additional surveys
to make sure that we're looking at the real potential that's out there. The
proposed 288—just looking at the (inaudible) model for Palo Alto, I am also
really concerned about reduced student mobility options, particularly for the
many Gunn High School students who do remain on campus for athletics,
theater or music, other extracurriculars.        That is centrally important
especially for the Gunn High School culture and student body. I'm also very
concerned about reduced access for VA patients. I'm very concerned about
the likely or possible reduction in service for paratransit, so I do appreciate
hearing what you told us tonight about the interest of the VTA Board and
leadership in finding some kind of work-around to avoid reducing paratransit
service. I hope concordant with that is not increasing the fares for any
current users of paratransit, especially a four-fold increase. I think a 400-
percent increase is pretty tough, especially for people who might be on a
fixed income.      I would also implore you to work with those other
organizations and facilities along current or near current routes who
contacted you, like Palo Alto Housing, Stevenson House, etc. You've gotten
their letters, and I hope that you'll have a two-way conversation with them
because their input is important. We've had some comments suggesting
additional stops on El Camino Real for the 522, especially if the 22 is
swapping frequency with the 522. A couple more stops on El Camino Real
might be very useful.       You've received letters identifying a couple of
potential locations including from Robert Neff. I would suggest looking at his
communications regarding that. When it comes to, again, coordination with
the Palo Alto shuttle, with the Marguerite, etc., and in neighboring Mountain
View with their community shuttles funded by their TMA just for future—it's
not the primary focus of tonight, but on this question of Core Connectivity
and how we collaborate—this is also important for our side and our Staff and
for us to work with you—making sure that when somebody is looking at a
schedule or they're looking at a map of local mobility options, that
marguerite routes and Palo Alto shuttle routes and VTA routes and Mountain
View community shuttle routes will all be on the same map. When they're
looking at a local schedule, all of those options will be listed together,
whether they're getting it on our website or on your website. I think that's
very important so people can comprehend the full options. I would also say,
of course, your express routes as well need to be on there too. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. As others have said, thank you for
coming and for the presentation and for the community workshops. I'm
going to be briefer than others probably, because I think a lot has been said
                                                                        Page 19 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
