                          TRANSCRIPT
asked about where do these come from. I think you get a lot of flavor about
what people are talking about in questions about the built environment and
that kind of stuff. This is a scientific study, plus or minus 4 percent margin
of error overall. The point's been made; the multiyear trends are really the
most useful piece. You do get an annual snapshot, but it's the trends that
are really useful. I think we have a crisis in confidence. I look at these
numbers on confidence in local government, 44 percent. The Council acts in
the interest of the community, 44 percent. Code enforcement, 52 percent.
These are all trending down. These are key performance metrics that we
really need to take some time to discuss and understand. We really should
read through the open-ends. This issue about confidence in government,
fire the Council, replace the City Council, don't allow developers to control
the City Council, less influence by special interests, listen, listen. People are
telling us things here that we really need to pay attention to. The other
point I'd like to make is this is a meaty and expensive report. We got it on
Thursday; it's a lot to digest. I really think we need to agendize some time
at the follow-up Retreat to talk about this a little bit more. I just don't think
we're doing it justice for what we have here. On the City finance front, it's
more about the Performance Report. You look over time, our population has
increased about 2 percent, our Staff has increased about 2 percent, but our
expenses—it's hard to pull it out here immediately, but it's 15-20 percent.
That's not matching up. I think we know we potentially have a structural
issue we need to address.          The other thing, traffic flow, 30 percent
favorable. It's one of the lowest as well. Other things that jumped out at
me, overall emergency response has a good rating, but the trend is bad,
especially in response time. We've seen this over a number of years. I
think basic safety is one of our highest responsibilities. A 20 percent
increase in response time for emergency services is something we need to
pay attention to. I like the custom questions. We're getting a pretty clear
message on Cubberley about sports and about improved senior services.
Couple that with the decline in a feeling of community in our City, we really
need to prioritize and get moving on the Cubberley Community Center. I
actually appreciate some of the comments from the audience about this data
is fielded in August of 2016; we get the initial report in November. We
should talk about a process where maybe we get just the initial report from
the National Research Center. Maybe later on, we get the Performance
Report and some analysis of this. Holding it back until the analysis is done,
the data does get stale. It would be useful to have it earlier, be able to
digest it before we have this Retreat. I do feel it's a little bit unreasonable
to digest all this right now and then talk about our Priorities. I'd hope that
we could put some time in the follow-up Retreat to come back to this and
talk about it a little bit more.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.
                                                                          Page 28 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
