                          TRANSCRIPT
Middlefield approaching Lytton. If we reduce that approach to one lane,
then we would have major impacts to the signalized intersection at Lytton
and Middlefield. The northbound departure from Lytton is not the constraint
on the capacity, because that lane drops at the bridge anyway.

Council Member Filseth: That was my question. Some folks talked about
the potential diversion onto Guinda going north. I'm assuming that it's
probably not a huge impact because it's already one lane. Anybody that's
going to do that is already doing that.

Mr. Mello: I believe some of the concerns around diversions were going
southbound on Middlefield, people …

Council Member Filseth: (Crosstalk).

Mr. Mello: … turning left onto Everett and then south on Guinda.

Council Member Filseth: I heard a couple of those too. The third act
basically reduces the southbound to one lane and uses the space to make
bike lanes on both sides. Could you do a quick summary of what the
benefits of that one are? Does it slow down traffic? Is it going to reduce
collisions? By the way, does it widen—if there's one lane instead of two,
does that lane get wider?

Mr. Mello:       We're actually not recommending bike lanes.              We're
recommending paved shoulders, which would essentially look like a bike
lane, but it wouldn't be marked for bicycle travel, because it would need to
drop approaching Lytton. It would be between the bridge—the point at
which the southbound lane drops after the bridge all the way to a point
roughly midway between Everett and Lytton would be paved shoulders, so
there would be an area of the roadway outside of the travel way. Those do
several things. They allow us to widen the remaining travel lanes a little bit.
We'd like to get them to 11 feet at least, because there are Dumbarton
express buses that use that corridor. The other really benefits of paved
shoulders is they move the travel lane away from the curb. A lot of the
collisions we're seeing out there are because there's a lack of visibility when
you're pulling out of the side street. If you push the travel lane away from
the curb, you're improving your sightline. When you pull out and you're
looking left to pull out, the travel lane would be away from the trees and
further. The third benefit of a paved shoulder—some of the folks mentioned
it—is when you're walking along the sidewalk, the travel lane would be 2-5
feet further from you, so you wouldn't feel vulnerable when you're walking
along the sidewalk, because the travel lane would be further away from you.


                                                                         Page 60 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
