                          TRANSCRIPT
not completely obvious to me that a three-story building does, but I can't be
certain it doesn't, so I think we should support going forward. I think I
concur with the Mayor that Staff's done a very good job on this. We've
worked through our process, and I think it's going to produce an outcome
which is consistent with our Codes. That's what's important here. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Mayor Scharff: You want to pass. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'm going to offer a Substitute Motion. My Motion
is to deny the project due to inability to make the findings recorded as part
of the Council's prior review of this project, found on Pages 4 and 5 of the
Staff Report, and consistent with the ARB denial. I'll speak to the Motion
after hopefully getting a second.

Council Member Kou: I'll second it.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Kou to deny the Project due to the inability to make
Architectural Review Findings as part of the Council’s prior review from Staff
Report Pages 4-5 and the Architectural Review Board recommendation to
deny the Project.

Mayor Scharff: Speak to your Motion.

Council Member Holman: Several things. Some of this is a repeat of some
of the things I've said earlier, and some of it is not. This building continues
to be prominently one design for the length of the University Avenue
frontage. It's not broken down into matching the rhythm that's on the
street. The same design elements that are larger in scale than other
buildings in the vicinity continue to be prominent and dominant. The most
forward of the concrete, large box design are not consistent with the pattern
of the street, and they are the dominant elements. That's true whether it is
the former Apple store across the street, across the corner, or whether it is
the buildings on the same block on University Avenue. It's also true when
looking at the Varsity Theatre. There aren't shared—I'm not talking about
style here. Again, I'm talking about design. There aren't any shared
criteria, no rhythm on the street, no pedestrian-scale elements that you find
in the Varsity Theatre, which is the terminus of Kipling Street. On the
Kipling side, it's very hard to see what we're going to get because that
rendering was not provided along with the plans for Option 1. I'm not sure
how clear it is what we would be adjusting or how it is or isn't compatible.
Just looking at the line drawings, it looks like it suffers the same failings that
it does on University Avenue. That's what it seems to be. Just as a
                                                                           Page 69 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/6/17
