                          TRANSCRIPT
sometimes the sale of them even.       Do you know what the market is for
ownership BMRs?

Mr. Lait: The price point for selling or …

Council Member Holman: Just people being able to buy ownership BMRs.

Mr. Lait: I think there's a waiting list for that, yes. We do have a waiting
list for ownership units.

Council Member Holman: I know in the past we've had some issues with
that. To cut to the chase here, it's kind of tempting to say we need housing.
We've got a piece of land here. Let's get a few more units instead of the
RM-15 zoning. I think actually, though, as applicants, to be perfectly frank,
I think you all could have done yourselves some great good favor if you had
brought forward what you were going to do with a commitment of what
you're going to do. With the State Density Bonus Law, we don't know what
we're going to get. We don't know if we're going to get more height, less
parking, less open space. We just don't know what we're going to get. I
think that could have been a help to all of us. There are just a lot of
unknowns. In a perfect world, this could be treated sort of like a horizontal
mixed use, but that would require some kind of—ideally that would have
some kind of employment agreements to the extent that they could be
arranged with adjacent business owners or land owners. I'll repeat what
somebody else said, a couple of other people have said. The access street
being 30 feet instead of 18, I think, is correct. The design, I'm not going to
pick on what the design looks like particularly. I think it's been used a fair
amount, so it's a little—you said it's a few years old. I grant you that. That
said, my real issue with it is it's very, very repetitive. Whatever you come
back with at whatever zoning you end up doing, we've talked about this a lot
at the Council. Whether it's in commercial areas or residential areas or El
Camino, it's the same thing. Just don't make it look all the same because in
one big, large development there's no character to people's places of
residence. There's no personalization to people's spaces or from the street
either. I do like the setback from the Barron Park residences. Personally,
because we talk about pedestrian nodes—you mentioned pedestrian node.
There's a wall proposed as I looked at the plans at least and looked at some
comments. There's a wall proposed for the front of this. The one that's
associated with the Stanford housing development on El Camino further
towards Downtown is set back further off El Camino, as I recall it.

Mr. Hayes: California or the one …

Council Member Holman: No, on El Camino.

                                                                       Page 28 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
