                         TRANSCRIPT
Program blah, blah. We use those as benchmarks for how we review
proposals. If we take them out and put them in some other reference
document, that means what I don't know, haven't digested or even how can
we because this is quite a surprise. I don't know where that leaves us.
Maybe the two biggest things are what would the policies and goals have
looked like if this had been the direction a very long time ago, and the other
is I still find it to be a great waste of our CAC resource, Staff resource and
consultant resource. I really worry what kind of impact this will have on
getting other citizens to volunteer for another kind of—we talk about we
want to do coordinated area plans. Who's going to volunteer if this is the
outcome that comes out of this meeting?

MOTION RESTATED:           Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Fine to direct Staff to remove from the final draft of the
Comprehensive Plan Update, all Programs from the Land Use Element, not
required by State Law to be taken up at future dates as policy discussions
and use the implementation section of the plan to indicate the relative cost
and priority of each Program.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no lights, let's vote on the board. That passes on a
5-4 vote with Council Member DuBois, Kou, Filseth and Holman voting no.

MOTION PASSED: 5-4 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kou no

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mr. Keene: If I just might make a comment. I can't say that I necessarily
understand all the motives or objectives from the different things that have
been said on both sides of this issue. I would remind the Council that, even
though you're adopting your direction on the Plan right now, this is not the
final adoption of the Comp Plan. This is going to continue to go through a
process through the rest of this year, 'til October. I would just say that it
doesn't preclude the fact that there could be things in the implementation
section that would get advanced even concurrent with the final adoption.
The people are going to have the opportunity to look at those items. Clearly
there isn't really, just from my reading of it, an absolutely clear—I'm
responding to what Council Member Filseth said—logic within even the land
use section about programs. There are policies that have no programs.
There are policies that have a whole bunch of programs. This idea of looking
at how you reconcile in a consistent way what you want to have, I would just
say there's nothing that keeps Council Members or anybody else from
looking at the programs between now and when you adopt this finally and

                                                                      Page 104 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
