                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: Can you give us an idea of what that text was then? You
know what, it doesn't matter. I think it actually goes back to the early '70s.
Could I ask a member of the audience, if Bob Moss is still here? Bob, can
you be our historian for a minute and tell us when the height limit began? I
think it's '72 or '73.

Mr. Moss: Actually I believe it was in '78 because that was the first time we
had a Comprehensive Plan that actually looked at everything. The Plans we
had before that were kind of little bits and pieces. In 1977, '78, we got
together and put an entire Plan together.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Could we agree on 40 years?

Mr. Moss: Yeah. It's been over 40 years. I'm always reminded of what the
late Mayor said about the Comprehensive Plan. He said he liked it because it
was comprehensive, it was only a plan, and it could be amended at any
time.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you, Bob. I appreciate that. Looking at that, I'm
going to just jump right in and make this as a Motion. I believe that
currently and staying as an Ordinance we should maintain the current 50-
foot height limit, but—let me just stop there. That's the Motion, and then I'll
make some comments if I get a second.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to maintain the current 50-foot height limit separate from the
Comprehensive Plan Update, continuing as an Ordinance.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Having a second, if I may make a couple of comments?

Mayor Scharff: What's your Motion?

Vice Mayor Kniss: The Motion is to take this out of the—let's see if we can
make this a little smoother so that we can discuss it. The Motion is to
maintain the 50-foot height limit and to maintain it as an Ordinance.

Mayor Scharff: That's a little confusing because …

Vice Mayor Kniss: That's why I'm try to un-confuse it.

Mayor Scharff: I think the Motion would be—you don't have to do anything.
There's already an existing Ordinance. I think the Motion could be to not put
it in the Comp Plan and continue to have the Ordinance.

                                                                        Page 52 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
