                          TRANSCRIPT
actually think if we're going to have further office development or office and
R&D development in the future in Palo Alto, Downtown is probably still one
of the smartest places to put it. I would suggest actually eliminating the
Downtown cap. As far as the annual limit, for those who have been paying
attention, over the last couple of years I have gone from skeptical to
tentatively supportive to actually very supportive of an annual limit on office
and R&D development. Through a lot of conversations up here on the dais
and with people in the community, I've really been persuaded by the
arguments. As we've looked at some of the other options, I've realized that
it's a solid and a good option for metering the pace, the rate of change in the
community that so many of us are concerned with. Also, limiting office and
R&D development helps us funnel the demand for development toward uses
that we want to see more of, like housing. I think an annual is an important
thing to carry forward. It's not currently in the Comprehensive Plan. It's
currently actually just an Emergency Ordinance. We don't even have a
permanent Ordinance. My inclination is perhaps the right thing to do with
the annual limit is move it from an Emergency Ordinance into a regular
Ordinance. That gives us a little bit more flexibility than putting it into the
Comprehensive Plan, but makes it a lot more permanent than what we have
right now. It's actually going to be expiring, I believe, within this year
because it's a two-year Emergency Ordinance that we passed a couple of
years ago. I'm really worried about that running out. It has proven to be
effective at slowing office development. I think that's important to carry
forward. I don't think the Comprehensive Plan is the right place to do it,
though. I think an Ordinance, a regular Ordinance, is the right place to do
that. If we don't move forward with it being in the Comp Plan, I would like
to direct Staff to, unless it's already planned to come back to us, have that
come back to us to be a regular, permanent Ordinance. We can talk about
whether we want to make tweaks to it based on our experience of the pilot,
which has been very informative and useful for all of us. Going back to the
cumulative cap, I really do appreciate that the Citizens Advisory Committee
has laid out a number of policy options for us. My preference here is for
Option 2. If you look at Packet Page 14 or Page 1 of the Staff Report, that's
Option 2, which would basically maintain the existing cap. I think Option 2
on the cumulative cap. Annual limit, don't add it to the Comp Plan, but
separately direct Staff to make sure that comes back to us as a regular
Ordinance. The Downtown cap, get rid of it. With that, I'll put that into a
Motion. For Question A, we pick Option 2. For the annual limit, direct Staff
to bring that back separately from the Comprehensive Plan but as a regular
Ordinance, and to eliminate the Downtown cap.

Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Second. Go ahead.
                                                                        Page 32 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
