                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Suggest whatever you want.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Just take it out.

Council Member Wolbach: (Inaudible).

Vice Mayor Kniss: It says maintain the current 50-foot height limit separate
from the Comp Plan Update, continuing as an Ordinance.

Mayor Scharff: I think that's fine.

Ms. Gitelman: Mr. Mayor, we found the reference. This is on Page L-7 of
the current Comp Plan. Again, it's in the narrative; it's not in policy. It says
the Citywide 50-foot height limit has been respected in all new development
since it was adopted in the 1970s. Only a few exceptions have been granted
for architectural enhancements or seismic safety retrofits to noncomplying
buildings.

Council Member Wolbach: (Inaudible).

Vice Mayor Kniss: I think we can leave it out. The understanding is that it
has existed for a very long time. It has worked well. That's my goal, to
keep it as is, as an Ordinance which we have agreed has far more flexibility
than even we have currently used. Are you still comfortable with that,
Council Member Wolbach? In that case, I don't think I need to speak to it
any further. I think the old Comp Plan spoke to it the best and said it's
existed now for close to 40 years. It has worked well. If it continues as an
Ordinance, we have flexibility with it. During that length of time, I can think
of at least three buildings that have gone over the 50-foot height limit,
including the JCC. Those were done after a great deal of discussion. That's
my comment.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to replace in the Motion, “the current 50 foot height limit
separate from the Comprehensive Plan Update, continuing as an Ordinance”
with “any but only existing language in the 1998 Comprehensive Plan
relating to height limits.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Wolbach: (Inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: Sorry. You get to speak to your second.

                                                                         Page 55 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
