                          TRANSCRIPT
Patrick Cashmore: (Inaudible) relinquishing my time to Beatrix Cashmore.

Mayor Scharff: We don't really do that, so you can't do that.             You can
speak, but Beatrix is up next if you want to not speak and Beatrix.

Mr. Cashmore: (Inaudible) we had three minutes, but now we're down to
two.

Mayor Scharff: We are down to two.

Mr. Cashmore: That's why I wanted to give my wife another two minutes.

Mayor Scharff: I know. We don't do that.

Mr. Cashmore: (Inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: We don't do that. Do you want to speak?

Cashmore: No.

Mayor Scharff: Beatrix Cashmore to be followed by Keith Bennett.

Beatrix Cashmore, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: Good
evening.     The neighboring residents to Item Number 11, 900 North
California Avenue, request that the Council remove this Item from the
Consent Calendar and reschedule it for full discussion. We feel the project is
not ready, and we have two very strong reasons. One is a public hearing
with the Architectural Review Board held last September 15th was not
attended by any local residents by default, as we never received the mailed
notices of the meeting. I've personally spoken with dozens of my neighbors.
Not one received the much-expected and looked-for notification. This was a
process failure, but it can be remedied by rescheduling the public hearing.
We have other substantial concerns, none of which have been addressed.
One of these is regarding the planned dewatering of three basements
simultaneously using broad area dewatering. We know now that this can
drop the groundwater level by 6-10 feet throughout the neighborhood.
Although, this level will slowly replenish, it's during this interim time, several
weeks at least, when ground settling is a significant risk. I've been advised
by a local and knowledgeable architect that, because many of the homes in
this neighborhood were built in the 1950s and 1960s, they're quite
vulnerable to subsidence. My homeowner’s insurance agent has flatly stated
that no insurance company will cover damage from ground movement. I
ask you what evidence do we have that dewatering three basements all at
once in close proximity will not result in ground settling, what responsibility
will the City take to monitor the progress and effects of the dewatering. If

                                                                          Page 39 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/23/17
