                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: No. It's a clarification about Priorities having to
do with projects. Some of the things that have been proposed aren't
projects like physical projects. We're all understanding that, right? They
don't have to necessarily correlate.

Mr. Keene: If you look at the top of Page 2, I put projects in quotes, partly
just to address that issue, that it's a loose definition. Thanks.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I obviously give a lot of thought to
my own submission and give a lot of thought to other Council Members'
submissions as well and listen to the comments made by the public today. I
had submitted the built environment to continue as it has in the past. There
is much there that we have not address. Yes, it does include some things
that could almost be Priorities among themselves or by themselves. I think
it's so encompassing that it does sweep those up. Those being housing,
parking, livability and mobility. They all come under what the influences are
and impacts are of the built environment. That does include design. If you
look at the list of open questions, there were—I did add them up here—29 of
the open-ended questions directly address design negatively and want that
to be improved. Housing, we do need to address adding some housing,
particularly affordable housing. Parking, we're starting to address that to
somewhat better of an extent with the additional RPP that we just approved
the other night. Livability has to do with both of those and mobility. As you
can see in the Citizens Survey, transportation—I do believe that
transportation is a bigger issue than housing even. No matter how much
housing we build here, it isn't always going to be of a type of that people
want to live in. They're still going to want to live in other communities for
other housing options. That affects the employment opportunities and
possibilities for not only individuals but for the businesses here including our
City. Health City Healthy Community, I would like to continue 1 more year.
Reason for that is we just had another meeting, as we have, with Staff this
last Thursday. This year we're going to be addressing—I know Council
Member Kniss is a fan of this as well. We're going to be addressing metrics
and how to measure the progress that we have made. I think that's a
critical piece of that. We're also getting more refined, and some of the
programs are going to implement around Healthy Cities. There's a lot of
interest in this, both in our City. The committee has a lot of support from
different organizations in the City as well as City Staff. There's also a lot of
interest in this at the County level. I think we would be prudent and wise to
continue this for 1 more year, especially until we can get the metrics in place
so we can measure the progress that we're making. I do believe that the
long-term staffing strategy is different than financial responsibility. I think it
is a specific aspect and does merit some specific focus. I don't think I need
to say very much to that because it has to do with housing. Transportation,
                                                                           Page 52 of 75
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/28/17
