                          TRANSCRIPT
retail environment by adding more restrictions and requirements to these
businesses at the current time.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: The good news is that everyone in this Council
Chamber wants the same thing, which is a vibrant retail environment. I
think everyone here on the dais wants the same thing as well. I think the
challenge is how do we get there. There is a carrot and a stick. The stick
here is mandating it. Where's the carrot? I want to just ask Staff does Staff
have any idea of how many vacancies we've gotten as a result of this
Ordinance. Has Staff studied that?

Ms. Eisberg: The retail vacancy right now is about 2 percent, between 2 and
3.

Council Member Tanaka: Do we know what properties have been—we had
some people who spoke about properties that are vacant because of the
retail emergency Ordinance. Do we know what those are?

Ms. Eisberg: We know of at least three waivers as a result of this but have
vacancies that haven't been filled. Those would be Downtown, SOFA II area.

Council Member Tanaka: I had a chance to review this on PTC, not the
latest draft but the one before. I still think it's not ready. It's kind of half
baked. There's a lot of issues and challenges with it. It's going to be hard
for us up here to actually re-engineer this on the fly. I agree with my fellow
Council Member Fine about forming some sort of working group, maybe
getting the PTC involved to figure out how to make this really work. We
need not just a mandate of retail, but we need ways to actually encourage
retail to be vibrant and successful in the City. One thing that's really
missing and something maybe this working group could come up with is
thinking about the curation of retail. If we look at Stanford Shopping Center
or we look at Town and Country, retail in that area has been incredibly
vibrant because retail has the co-tenancy, it has the—right next to retail.
That's very important. It's harder for us to do that as a City because there's
obviously independent property owners. I think we could definitely think
more about the curation of retail as well. That could help. I want to ask the
Mayor. Are you looking for motions now or are you just …

Mayor Scharff: Nope, not looking for motions. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: It sounds like we might—hard to say where the
motions are going to go. I'm not going to make one right now. It sounds
like there's some skepticism about whether we're ready to move forward or
                                                                         Page 68 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
