                         TRANSCRIPT
include the Housing Element. We have completed, since the Plan was
adopted in 1998, about 40 of them. The new Comprehensive Plan Update
that the CAC is working on at this point includes 368 programs, again, not
counting what's in the Housing Element. This figure is updated from the
number that was in your Staff Report because the CAC has a subcommittee
that has already been working with Staff to try and consolidate programs.
The Council made some recommendations about programs that could be
eliminated when we met with you in January. The number is trending
downward from the 400-something that was in your Staff Report. It's now
at 368. There are two options for the Council presented in the Staff Report.
The first option would implement your direction on January 30th and put the
programs in an implementation plan at the back of the Comp Plan. We
outlined some ways that we would recommend doing that in the Staff Report
in the recommendation section. The second option is to reverse course and
continue with the formatting that we've been using, that the current Comp
Plan has the implementation programs both in the—implementation plan at
the back of the book but also interspersed throughout the elements. Briefly
on next steps. This evening, again, we're holding a public hearing on the
supplement to the Draft EIR, and we'll have another hearing with the
Planning Commission next week on the 29th, and then the comment period
will close at the end of the day on March 31st. On May 1st, we're coming
back to the Council to finish your work on your initial review of Land Use and
Transportation. If you remember, we ran out of time at the end of the last
meeting. We'll be back on May 1st with that. On May 15th, our plan is to
bring to you the last three elements that the CAC completed, which is
Natural Environment, Safety, and Business and Economics. We're hoping
that period, mid-May, will conclude the CAC's work and you will be able to
offer your thanks and acknowledgement of their work at your meeting of
June 5th. June 12th, you'll review the last pieces before your break. We
hope, at that point, you will refer the document to the Planning and
Transportation Commission for their review over the summer. Just put our
recommendations on another slide. Elaine and I are happy to answer any
questions at this point about what we're looking for this evening. Of course,
we look forward to the Council's comments and those of the public.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. We have a bunch of different items
that this can be broken up into. I thought, before we go to the public and
before we take these individually, I know a lot of Council Members like to
ask questions and get stuff off their chests. I think we'll have a 3-minute
round, which we'll time over here. Please try not to go over your 3 minutes.
I won't let anyone go over their 3 minutes.         Ask questions or make
comments or whatever you feel you need to do. I was going to actually
start; I don't mind starting at one of the other ends and moving forward, if
that's all right. Council Member Holman, would you like to go first?
                                                                           Page 17 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
