                          TRANSCRIPT
60-70 percent of our skies are completely covered by this airplane noise. I
think this is one issue that affects everybody. I just want to thank you for
that, for putting the effort, putting the budget last year. We're just very
close to the finishing line. If we can get the select committee to enforce the
changes or to get Palo Alto as a City that needs immediate relief, so I can
get that to the finishing line, I'd really appreciate that. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Terry Holzemer to be followed by Diane Morin.

Terry Holzemer: First, Council Members, I would like to take the opportunity
to thank you for your unanimous support last Monday night for the
Evergreen Park and Mayfield RPP. I sincerely appreciate the Council believes
that residents should have a say in what happens in the City, especially what
involves their own neighborhood. I want to thank all of you personally for
that. However, my key message today to the Council involves two key
areas. First of all, I'm very concerned about the uncontrolled growth in
office development and its impacts. I think too often we look at office
developments as a great thing for our City without realizing its parking and
traffic problems. I think we need to do a better job as a Council and as a
City in making sure that we do not under-park our office buildings,
something I believe you'll probably remember Jack Morton, a former Council
Member, mentioned to the Council last Monday. The other key area I'd like
to mention is Code enforcement. I think this is a critical need for the City.
Too often we have overlooked this great need. There are many areas of the
City which Codes are not being enforced. We need to look at those, the
TDMs, the Building Codes, the effects on neighborhoods, the noise, the leaf
blowing, those things. This doesn't necessarily always involve adding more
Staff. It could be involving just reallocating resources to making sure that
Code enforcement is done properly. If there's one goal for this City, I think
this year it's really Code enforcement, Code enforcement, Code
enforcement. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Diane Morin to be followed by Valerie Stinger.

Diane Morin: Good morning. Diane Morin, a long-term resident of Palo Alto,
senior, mother of a millennial. You've heard me many, many times, so I
won't belabor this.     I'm here fundamentally on two reasons that I'm
passionate about. One of them is I would like to see imaginative, affordable
housing in the City, different approaches to it, by the City Council this year,
whether it be denser housing near transportation hubs, whether it be ADUs.
Different sorts of housing so that not only the well off or the people who are
already invested in this town live here, so that we can have young people
live here, so in 10 years you can have seniors living here. You can look at a
bigger housing fund, which I know you've done. You've already been doing

                                                                           Page 7 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
