                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Yeah. We have Healthy Cities up there. Is there something
you want to add before you …

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, if I could just clarify. All of those are there
essentially, except you've changed other to Healthy City Healthy
Community. If there's anything in particular under that and you want to
shout out, that would be key.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I think that's more than adequate. Anything I would add
to it at this point would be … Now, we need to think about the layers that
we're not putting on rather than additional layers.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 1:50 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: What I would suggest adding to Healthy Cities
Healthy Communities, two items. One is airplane noise.

Mayor Scharff: Does anybody have a pen? They could just go up there and
write Healthy Cities and write airplane noise.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to make sure that we're clear that is
one of the parts of, one of the projects or underneath the Healthy Cities
Priority. I want to make sure that's not lost. The first one that I would add
under Healthy Cities Healthy Community is airplane noise. The second one
is human and civil rights.

Mayor Scharff: Tom.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to move we just continue this to the next
Retreat. There's a lot of projects here. I've got probably 15 or 20 that I
want to talk about. I don't see how we're going to do it.

Mayor Scharff: I think that's probably true. I tell you what, why don't you
make a motion to continue this, and let me talk to the City Manager about
how we integrate that into the next Retreat.

Council Member DuBois:         I'll make the Motion that we continue the
discussion of projects within the City Priorities.

Council Member Fine: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Fine to continue the Agenda Item as it pertains to project prioritization to
the next Council Retreat.
                                                                       Page 74 of 75
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/28/17
