                          TRANSCRIPT
uses were that it would take time away from really implementing the rest of
the program.

Council Member Filseth: It seems to me—I think this is a much bigger
problem than just parking.          I think we actually have—you look at
commercial—two economies that cohabit in this area and also Downtown.
You have this local economy of retail and local-serving businesses like a
number of dentists out here tonight. You have this global economy of
software companies and tech companies, and they have dramatically
different economics and numbers of people and infrastructure needs and
stuff like that. We need to figure out how to deal with those. The Retail
Ordinance is another facet of the same thing. If we get into a discussion
and come back to the issue of who gets these, I think we're going to have to
deal with that. It may be worth some more cycles on it. What I want to do,
if I can, is move the Staff Motion.

Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to:

A.    Adopt a Resolution to implement the Evergreen Park-Mayfield
      Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Program as a one-year pilot and
      direct Staff to make corresponding changes to the RPP Administrative
      Guidelines; and

B.    Find the program exempt from            review   under   the    California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

Council Member Filseth: I thought the way the PTC handled the whole
process, which they handled all the details as a series of individual
Amendments voted on separately, was a good process. I want to suggest
we do that. If I can speak to my Motion for a moment. Two reasons. First,
the whole issue is a hardship for residents who have been calling for
solutions for years. I'm glad the City has—we've taken our time, but we've
moved to respond to that. As people have said, it's both a quality of life and
frankly a safety issue in a lot of cases. The second is traffic and parking are
way up high on everybody's list of passions in this City. A major strategy for
our City growth that we've adopted, both business and housing not to
mention sustainability, is to reduce our dependency on automobiles. If
there's cheap parking in the neighborhoods, it's going to compromise those.
Furthermore, I would say that between Caltrain, the Marguerite, the VTA on
El Camino and so forth, this is about as transit-rich as it gets in this entire
City. If we can't make that work here, then we ought to throw in the towel
and start building giant garages everywhere. For those reasons, I'm glad
we're doing this tonight. I think the Staff and the PTC did a pretty
                                                                        Page 98 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
