                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I just want to confirm with the City Clerk that
we have no public speakers. Then we will move to Council. I guess I need
to open the public hearing. If there are no public speakers, I can then close
the public hearing, which I will do. Now, we will return to Council for—why
don't we have a round of questions and comments, if people want them?
Council Member Filseth.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 9:21 P.M.

Council Member Filseth: I have a question of how we're going to proceed
through these. There's a whole bunch of stuff here that's not all related to
itself. Do we want to proceed with questions and comments one at a time or
do the bucket? How do you want to do that?

Mayor Scharff: Why don't we do the whole bucket? I think it's more
efficient. We can then see how it comes with motions. If people really want
to split the Motion, I'd be open to something like that.

Council Member Filseth: I had a couple of questions then. On the off-street
loading, the proposal was to allow the Director to waive that. What is the
current process to get a waiver now? Does that have to come to Council or
how does that work?

Ms. Campbell: The current process now, it goes through the discretionary
review process. We don't have a formal process of saying you need to apply
for an exemption, but the project is evaluated. Based on the conditions, we
would make a determination whether or not it seems appropriate for that
use. I know for mixed uses we've followed—there's a line in our loading
zone where it says other uses. That will be how the Director would
determine what's appropriate.

Council Member Filseth: How is that different from what's being proposed
now? If you look at Item C, Director approval to waive the loading zone
requirements.

Mr. Lait: Two things. Starting on Packet Page 325 of the Ordinance, you've
got a list of when the parking adjustments can be made. For loading zones,
we don't have a standard for modification for loading zones today. What
we've been using is this other uses category. We've gotten some concern
from the community and from Council that applying the mixed-use projects,
which is typically where we saw that waiver—the thought was we should be
using the requirements for each use in the mixed-use project instead of
coming up with our own standard, which is basically what we've done.
We've just applied this—we looked at the Code section in a liberal manner.

                                                                      Page 59 of 102
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/27/17
