                         TRANSCRIPT
2006 from the construction of eight basements was enough to irrigate 5,000
average Palo Alto lots for one year. Groundwater levels are significantly
lowered during dewatering, not only under the applicant's property but
under neighbors' properties hundreds of feet away. Local area dewatering
using secant or cutoff walls is a proven locally used practice for underground
construction in areas of high groundwater.          However, we should also
carefully analyze the cumulative effects of basements and cutoff walls to
ensure that they don't permanently impede groundwater flows and reduce
storm water management capabilities.           The enhancements of Staff's
proposed 2017 program mainly correct obvious deficiencies in the current
program. We request that all new regulations apply to all projects from
enactment onwards without grandfathering and without exceptions.
Community groundwater can no longer be treated as construction waste.
We also ask that you direct Staff to propose policies for 2018 onward that
achieve zero waste of groundwater without increasing flood risks. This goal
can be achieved by working together. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.    Mark Petersen-Perez to be followed by Rita
Vrhel.

Mark Petersen-Perez: Mr. Mayor, before you start the clock, I need to hook
up the …

Mayor Scharff: Sure, absolutely. Let us know when you've got it.

Mr. Petersen-Perez: I think we all know who this person is. It's one of the
reasons why Palo Alto Free Press went dark. He filed a federal complaint
indicating that we copyrighted this photo. I'm in the middle of a legal battle
with Go Daddy and other entities and concerns. For the general public, if
you want to know, this is the reason why. He claims to be a First
Amendment advocate, but obviously that's not true. I just wanted to share
a couple of things with you. I'm getting set to go off on an expedition again.
This is one of my vehicles. This is on the island of Isla de Ometepe in
Nicaragua. I'm a citizen of Nicaragua. I live in a—speaking of groundwater,
I live in Ticuantepe, which is—we're sitting on one of the largest aquifers in
all of Central America. Believe me, the water is quite tasty. I'm set to take
off on expedition again. I'll be driving my vehicle to Panama. I'll be putting
my vehicle on a [foreign language], and then I'll be traveling on to Caracas,
Venezuela, and beyond. I've made the trip to Panama, roundtrip, seven
times in various vehicles. It's quite a journey. I'd like to dispel the myth
about driving through Mexico. I've traversed all of Mexico, all of Baja,
California, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Belize. I've just been in just about every
country in this side. Nicaragua is the second poorest nation in the western
hemisphere, next to Haiti. There's a lot of poverty there. I'll tell you that

                                                                       Page 47 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
