                          TRANSCRIPT
somewhere, buy something and start up their company and then take it to
public and bring a lot of money as taxpayers. When I heard about the
proposal, building on 429 University, I was curious. I looked at the plan,
and I looked at the architectural drawings. I truly believe that the proposed
building is designed tastefully and complements its surroundings. I was very
careful when I look at the detail of this project, and I didn't see anything
wrong with it. I also believe that, knowing this great City, it keeps Palo
Alto's character as diverse as possible. You see modern and traditional, and
it's been in-between all over. I'm sure this plan is in benefit of our City too.
It's going to bring a lot of tax money after it's built. Why are we waiting?
What's the reason behind all these delays? I'd like the City Council approve
this. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Simone Sadri to be followed by Henie Faghani.

Simone Sadri: Good evening. My name is Simone Sadri. I live on 1416
Hamilton Avenue. I'm in favor of this project, and I'm here to urge you to
approve the project as it meets the building and Code requirements. It also
provides a mix of retail, office and much needed residential units that would
contribute to the vitality and vibrancy of a beautiful Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Henie Faghani to be followed by Herb Borock.

Henie Faghani: Hi. My name is Henie Faghani. I work in Palo Alto; also I
do live in Old Palo Alto. I am pro this project. I do think it's time for us to
approve it, since it has met all the Building Code and requirements. The
mass and scale has been addressed. It will improve retail, office, residential
shortage plus this building has addressed the parking. Thank you for your
time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Herb Borock to be followed by Richard Brand.

Herb Borock: Mayor Scharff and Council Members, I urge you to uphold the
appeal and to deny the project.          The Council over a year ago on
November 30, 2015, instead of denying the project sent it back to the
Architectural Review Board and directed the applicant to make changes so
that the project could be in a form that could be approved by the Council.
However, I attended those ARB meetings and, from one meeting to the next,
the ARB was prepared to say that the applicant hasn't responded
appropriately to the Council's direction. They were ready to send it back to
the Council and say they haven't done what you requested. The applicant
repeatedly kept asking for more time to change it and sometimes made it
worse compared to what the Council was asking the applicant to do. The
only thing they've accomplished is to get a different City Council to review
the project this evening than the one they had before. I've presented
                                                                          Page 47 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
