                          TRANSCRIPT
ratio calculations. Next steps. Upon the City Council's adoption of this draft
ordinance, we need to come back for a second reading. We have that
tentatively scheduled for March 20th. Following the second reading, it will
take 31 days for the new Ordinance to take effect.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Mayor, I'll just let you know that Commissioner Eric Rosenblum is also in the
audience and can offer a few comments from the PTC's perspective. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff: Welcome, Commissioner Eric Rosenblum.

Eric Rosenblum, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: Thank you. I
won the contest to get to represent us tonight. Thanks for giving me a few
minutes. Just to give you some additional context from our discussion, I
think we had multiple sessions covering this item. We had gone through it
bit by bit because there are many items that are represented here. In the
end, mostly the PTC accepted Staff recommendations as presented to you.
No demolition to replacement project approval, defer to Director's decision,
loading zone discussion, and the Automobile Combining District were all
items that we felt Staff recommendation was well thought through and
generally passed through after several discussions in the form that you see
right now. There was more discussion around the TDM plan requirements.
We focused on the narrow issue of when to trigger a TDM plan. The 100-trip
generation during peak times seemed like a logical trigger. When parking
relief is requested, that would trigger the need for a TDM plan to accompany
the project plan. The two items that had the most discussion were around
mechanical lifts. It was felt that the Staff definition was overly narrow.
There are additional uses that should be considered for mechanical lifts
including auto dealerships, hotels, etc. There was discussion about whether
or not it's appropriate to have a mechanical lift for residential guest parking,
and the Commission was split. The majority was for allowing this, but it was
3-2, so it was close. There was also a split around the standard for which
mechanical lifts are designed, meaning should they be designed as if all
maximum-size cars could be accommodated or could they be designed for
smaller cars. The majority voted for that it could be designed for smaller
cars as necessary. Finally, the Housing Element small lot consolidation had
some discussion. The consensus was finally that the Staff recommendation
is correct; it is aligned with our Comp Plan to try to consolidate smaller lots
to facilitate development in particular of affordable housing. Those were the
items that had more discussion than others, just to highlight the things that
we thought were noteworthy. Jonathan, anything that I've missed? Thank
you.


                                                                         Page 58 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
