                         TRANSCRIPT
Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council Members.
There's a trilogy that keeps going around and around in this Council and
back to the newspapers and back to the public and back to the Council. It's
the housing, the transportation, and the industry and the money, the taxes
to pay for it all. When Ms. Stanford got together with her friends and
developed the City of Palo Alto, like the medium is the message, the town
was the Comprehensive Plan. They said we're going to have houses here,
nice houses. We're going to have some stores here and some doctors and
some dentists. We're going to have all these things in this town. Nearly
100 years later after the second World War and people had a different way
of looking at life, they decided that we needed something more. We needed
a lot of money. It would be good to have industry up on the Stanford lands
instead of houses because it brings in money. Whereas, houses don't bring
in money. They never stopped to think that it brings in also traffic. If you
put the industry here and the workers have to live over yonder, they're
going to have to get back and forth somehow. That means cars, and that
means bad air quality. We've been looking at that. I think two things about
that. Because you're studying Stanford tonight, I'd like to ask you to please,
please do not let Stanford tear down Escondido Village. Council Member
Holman talked about embedded energy a few times ago. It's really very
wasteful to take houses that are useful and not too spread out and throw
them away, especially when Stanford has thousands, literally thousands, of
acres to put their new housing on. Please. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Neilson Buchanan to be followed by Reza Riahi.

Neilson Buchanan: Thank you, Council. I'm here to say a couple of things
about the launch of the Evergreen Park permit program. I'm not sure why I
get roped into some of these tangential things. Apparently I'm the longest
and oldest surviving resident person with the Permit Parking program. I
hope I'm not, but that's what I was told. Let me just reflect on the launch of
the Downtown Permit Parking program. The program was a pretty safe start
because we started with an outrageous 2,000 limit on sales. There was just
no way you were ever going to have to worry about not having enough
permits to distribute to people who were interested. Indeed, that's what
happened. There are a couple of risks with the launch here. One, you've
got a whole lot of people a little bit nervous about getting started. That's
normal. I keep telling people to keep your eye on the ball. What you really
want to think about is mid to late-May, when the thing is stabilized, they're
starting to give tickets, parking patterns settle down, we'll know whether
we've got stability. The question is between now and then will there be
enough permits to serve the businesses Downtown. That was one of the
tenets of the Downtown Parking program.            We were not going to
disadvantage anybody that was currently employed. We weren't going to be
                                                                       Page 51 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
