                          TRANSCRIPT
think one of the strengths of this has been that while the performance
standard of no new net trips is very clear and, as Catherine said, a 2001
baseline figure that we measure against, the exact techniques we use and
the tools we use have been left to us and the flexibility for the University to
figure out what really is the most effective. I think that's one of the
hallmarks of why this has been as successful as it's been.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Because we're moving in that direction so definitively, I
think it's important for us to hear what you have done and how you've
accomplished that. I think we can borrow from that. Jean, this one's
particularly for you, because I remember being at a meeting together. It
could be 6 years ago now. We talked a lot about Caltrain at the time. As
you know, it looks like the electrification is in trouble. How do we pay for
grade crossings?      We have passed Measure B.           Tell us what other
involvement do you think Stanford would plan to have with Caltrain? It
seems to me at least—I'll surmise that for the TDM to work well you really
need Caltrain. I don't know how many riders you anticipate you have a day.
We would like to see those two improvements made possible somehow. It's
been very frustrating for any of us who have sat around for a long time and
watched Caltrain, in particular, not make a lot of strides over the last few
years.

Ms. McCown: I know you know this statistic, but the University Avenue train
station in Palo Alto is the most heavily used Caltrain on- and off-boarding
station anywhere on the line between San Francisco and San Jose by a huge
factor. Certainly, some of that is employees coming to Downtown Palo Alto,
but a huge part of that is University support for the program bringing
employees to campus. We are very concerned, as you are, of the challenge
to the funding for the electrification. We think the increase in Caltrain's
capacity by 20 percent, which is what that electrification program is
promising to provide in 2020, is vital for us. It's vital for the region. Our
President, Marc Tessier-Lavigne, wrote a letter to Washington along with
many others in the last month, speaking up on that point on behalf of the
University. We have other ongoing engagements with other employers.
There's a group called the Caltrain Commuter Coalition, which is a group of
companies including Stanford as an employer, wanting to continue to help
Caltrain think about its long-term funding options and what should be
thought about in terms of that long-term future. We're very, not in a big,
visible, public way particularly, involved in working on these issues with
Caltrain.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Some of us will be in Washington in a couple of weeks.
On our agenda is exactly that, to talk to whomever we think may be
influential about California …
                                                                        Page 24 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
