                           TRANSCRIPT
Special Orders of the Day

3.   Proclamation of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Honoring the
     Volunteer Services of Sheri Furman.

Mayor Scharff: Our first Special Order of the Day is a Proclamation of the
Council of the City of Palo Alto honoring the volunteer services of Sheri
Furman. I've asked Council Member Holman to read the Proclamation.

Council Member Holman: Thank you, and happy to do so.         She read the
Proclamation into the record.

Mayor Scharff: Council Members, if any of you would like to say a few
words. Karen, do you want to kick us off?

Council Member Holman: Just in addition to what's in the Proclamation, I've
known Sheri for a number of years. I'm an old, long-timer here. Have just
watched you in action and seen how effective you are, how committed you
are, how engaged you are, and how respected you are as a leader in this
community. Your accomplishments and volunteering efforts have been
greatly recognized and appreciated. It's really time that we do this in a
public manner. Congratulations.

Sheri Furman: Thank you so much.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Sheri, I don't think we'd be eating as much ice cream as
we do without you. Congratulations for the work especially you've done with
the Midtown Residents Association, pulling that together. You and Annette
have always done an amazing amount to keep that group together. We so
enjoy the things you do. I in particular enjoy the ice cream social. Keep it
up. I know it's hard work.

Ms. Furman: I intend to.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I know it is hard work. It's appreciated.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to say this is very well-deserved
recognition. You've been an activist citizen for a long time. It really has
benefited not just Midtown but, I think, the City overall, your work on the
Cubberley plan, on our Housing Element and probably a lot of other things
that I'm not mentioning. I've just gotten to know you in the last couple of

                                                                      Page 14 of 60
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/9/17
