                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: To discuss …

Ms. Gitelman: Certainly at our May 1st discussion, we were planning to
bring back the Land Use Element reflecting the Council's input on
January 30th. That would be a good opportunity to reconsider anything that
you feel like went too far in one direction or the other.

Council Member DuBois: "C" is driven by which policies are in place, the job
number.

Mayor Scharff: Sure, go ahead. You want to ask a question?

Council Member Holman:       Yeah.     The question about the Substitute
Amendment is—the Staff Report reminds us that Scenario 2, which the prior
job numbers were based on, include a Citywide annual limit. I presume that
would be included in what the original maker of the Motion was intending for
"C." That's one question, and then I have another question that's pertinent
to both of these.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. The reason that we in our Staff
recommendation suggested that we land between the job numbers in
Scenario 2 and 3 is that Scenario 2 had a Citywide annual limit and Scenario
3 had an annual limit like the one we have now on an interim basis. We
took that as one of the few policy levers that has managed to affect the
production of office space and new employment in new building space. That
was our suggestion. It is really just a projection or a prediction of what will
happen based on a whole set of policies. Council Member DuBois has
pointed out there are other policies that the Council has already directed us
to include, like the conversion of some development potential that's
commercial to residential potential. If you as policymakers think that is
going to have a much greater impact than we have, it would justify the
smaller numbers in your range. I hope that's clear.

Council Member Holman: Yes, it is true. That's one of the places (inaudible)
going to go to. We did talk about—have not moved on it yet—converting
some of the commercial floor area ratio to residential. That's another way
we can curb office growth so we can make some advances on our
jobs/housing imbalance. That's isn't exactly what the Amendment says.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to be clear. I don't know if my
Amendment was understood. I am supporting the original Motion and
suggesting we stay with those numbers, but we maybe allow for actual
housing development through the cap. Is that clear?


                                                                            Page 81 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
