                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: It seems like it's too broad. I realize you're probably not
going to change their national questions. Somehow that seems as though it
includes infrastructure and housing and streets and sidewalks and almost
everything that exists in your community.

Ms. Richardson: It does.

Vice Mayor Kniss: A pretty vague question.

Ms. Richardson: It is. If we wanted to get more specific, we could do that
through custom questions.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I would really recommend that, because it just doesn't
address things in a granular enough way.

Mayor Scharff: Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually, I was also going to mention that. If
we're looking at maybe doing custom questions to get greater granularity
around the built environment, just off the top of my head some things that
people might include would be things like too much new building
construction or not enough new housing or thoughts on the aesthetic quality
of new development or thoughts on the aesthetic quality of the existing City.
There's a lot of specific things in there that might be useful. I also wanted
to make sure I was reading this correctly. It looks like in the entire survey,
looking through all of the tables, when you look at the benchmark
comparisons to other cities around the country, I only found—I just want to
make sure I'm not missing something. I only found three areas where Palo
Alto is considered—Palo Altans rank Palo Alto much worse than citizens in
other cities rank their cities. The only three categories where I could find
Palo Altans saying Palo Alto is much worse than other cities' citizens are
housing options, affordable housing, and cost of living on the first two.
Housing options and affordable housing on Page 17 of the survey and cost of
living on Page 20 of the survey. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing
any others. It seemed that those really stood out.

Ms. Richardson: I did notice there were not very many of those. The scale
that they used to say much lower is a difference of more than 10 percent.

Council Member Wolbach: Looking at what kinds of things got rated as poor.
If you look at Page 15, Table 24, Question 5, variety of housing options or
availability of affordable quality housing, 55 percent of Palo Altans said
variety of housing options were poor. Eighty-three percent of Palo Altans
said availability of affordable quality housing was poor. I couldn't find
anything else in the whole survey that came even close to that level of
                                                                        Page 20 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
