                          TRANSCRIPT
and we need your help. We're going to be here day-in, week-in, week-out.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Suzanne Keene to be followed by Stephen Levy.
No Suzanne, so Stephen Levy.

Stephen Levy: First, thanks to you and the Staff. I've lived and worked
here since 1963. I work on these issues at the regional level professionally.
Jim Keene, I'm pretty sure I’m right in the forest even if I don't have the
Priorities here. On mobility, I think reducing single occupancy vehicle trips
at peak period is the big impact area. It goes for the people who are
worried about parking; it goes for the people who are worried about traffic.
It helps the people who live here. It helps the people who want to come
here. It helps the employers here trying to get workers here. It is, I think,
the only specific mobility goal that helps all of those things. Now, you have
a huge platter of projects. I don't want to add to them. I want to give you
three things that are worth a talk or a letter but have big impact. There's
going to be a series of Dumbarton corridor proposals that come out in this
year from VTA and from folks in San Mateo County, that's worth engaging
in, that could bring people from the East Bay here without having to drive.
San Mateo County is going to do something like our Measure B. They know
that their transportation plans help workers get here.            They're very
interested in collaborating. The third point is I know there's a big deal about
VTA, but one part of the VTA proposal is beefing up service on El Camino
and to El Camino, so low-wage service workers can get here. I think
reducing SOV is a big goal. The second one, I don't know if you call it
collaborating with Stanford, working with Stanford, engaging in discussion
with Stanford. Stanford has the most ability to do TDM proposals. Stanford
has the most ability, if we're in a collaborative space, to add housing units.
Stanford has three major regional operations here beside the University that
they are going to go forward with. They're incredible opportunities to
negotiate and talk to them about shared goals. I don't have any interest in
Stanford; I don't own any land. I think they are the largest holder of
employees, the largest place that we can work on traffic and housing.
You've got housing already as a goal. If you're at the State level in
discussions like I am, they talk about reducing barriers and reducing costs
and making it easier for people to build. They talk about locations—was that
telling me I'm about done?

Mayor Scharff: You're done.

Mr. Levy: I'm done. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Esther Nigenda to be followed by Rita Vrhel.

                                                                         Page 47 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
