                          TRANSCRIPT
garage. Close to 75 percent of the students of Castilleja come outside of our
City, and they propose that 220 cars will be coming through this proposed
garage in 1 hour. Recently I saw an article, build a garage and cars will
come. This is what is going to happen. I hope the City will realize that they
have an obligation first and foremost to the students of Palo Alto who live
right here and reduce the traffic through Palo Alto as a whole. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

      B.    Individual Nominees (Council Member Explanation).

Mayor Scharff: Now, we return to the Council. I think the best way to do
this would actually be to start with Karen, if you're willing. Talk about what
you think Priorities should be and why. We'll just move down and hear from
every Council Member. We'll try and get some motions on the board as to
what those would be.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, do you feel everyone's prepared enough? I had one
little suggestion that might help, unless you think everyone's—you guys all
good to go that way?

Mayor Scharff: I think they're pretty prepared, but if you want to make a
suggestion.

Mr. Keene: I did want to just remind you if you went to the Priority list that
everybody had pulled out, you can pull this one page out. It's got what
everybody had said before to the extent that you want to use the item that
Harriet point out, that showed these important things. Lastly, at least for
now and/or later, under the tabs 2017 Priority projects, if you would open it
up to Page 2 and 3, where it's open. Those are the project lists that we had.
If you would just leave that there, I think once you establish your Priorities,
it'll be easy for us to start to figure out how we mash stuff up. I did want to
make it clear. I was more focused on identifying projects under some of
these big areas, which could be Priorities. You may come up with some
different ways to express it. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Karen.

Council Member Holman: One clarification around that. Projects. Some of
the things that are …

Mayor Scharff: We're not doing projects right now. We're just going to put
…



                                                                         Page 51 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
