                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Just briefly, Council Member DuBois said most of
what I was going to say. Cost of housing, traffic, and parking is consistent
with everybody's expectation. There are major concerns in the community.
Again, the one that leapt out at me too was the confidence in government
one. Given events at the national and world level, we really need to spend
some time thinking about the way of that, which you don't get from this
survey. That's one thing we should take seriously. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you all for your comments on that. The only thing we
didn't touch on that I wanted to touch on was the availability of housing
options. I wish I knew what they meant. Are people thinking there's not
enough apartments, not enough condos? What options are they not thinking
about or is this really an affordability question? There's enough options, but
they just can't afford the different options. There's also a bias in those
questions. If you asked anyone—the real question is who are the 6 percent
that thought we had affordable housing in Palo Alto. That's the real
question. I don't find that question that useful. It's obvious to most people
that there's not affordable housing in Palo Alto. The question is what do
they want us to do about it. Do they want us to build a lot more affordable
housing? Do they want different types of—are they thinking of housing for
their kids? Are they thinking of housing for people that work in our service
industries? What are people thinking here? Obviously, those are the three
areas where we're the lowest, housing options, affordable housing and
obviously cost of living. Is that a housing question or is that just a general
Palo Alto is really expensive question? It would be nice, especially on the
things we're the lowest, what is driving that, what are the thoughts behind
it. As to confidence in government, I agree also that it would be nice to
know what's driving that. Is that part of the national trend? There's a
national loss. We actually look pretty good compared to the State and local
governments, and we always have. It's dramatically poor. As everyone
says, everyone loves their own Congressman but hates all of Congress.
Understanding those issues would be very helpful for us. Thank you,
Harriet, for all your work on this. How much time does it take your office to
put this together?

Ms. Richardson: I actually haven't added up the hours this time. As you
know, I was out on a medical leave and was working on it at home. Dennis
in my office was working on it. We've actually cut down quite a bit the
amount of hours that we've put in it over the last couple of years. This year,
we did a lot more analysis, running some pivot tables so that we could draw
these conclusions. We did more work, but I think we did it in less time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Now, it's time for a break.


                                                                        Page 29 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
