                          TRANSCRIPT
their project. That's the one that they would like to have an action on.
Some renderings of the different options. This is Option 1 as viewed from
University Avenue. We don't have a rendering from Kipling Street as the
applicant chose not to further develop that rendering for Kipling on this
design. However, there is—the rendering for Option 3 is very similar to
Option 1. You'll see that in just a moment. This is the Option 2 plan that
was reviewed by the Board on October 20th and recommended for denial.
Again, just to go back on Option 1 for a moment. The Architectural Review
Board did review a schematic drawing of Option 1 on September 1. That
plan was refined a little bit after the Architectural Review Board made its
decision on this project. This is Option 2 from Kipling. Option 3, the design
that was submitted in December, from University Avenue you can see
there's additional building mass on the roof toward the left of the project. It
also extends further toward the rear property line toward the alley. This is
the view of Option 3 from Kipling Street. This same perspective is very
similar to what we believe to be the Option 1 rendering as viewed from this
perspective. As you shift further down Kipling, you would get a different
perspective of the proposed Option 3 versus Option 1, but that's revealed in
the line drawings. We can walk the Council through that if you're interested.
Here's a collection of the three different options as viewed from University
and viewed from Kipling. Again, we're suggesting that Option 1 and 3 from
this perspective look similar. As I stated previously, Staff believes that
Option 1 is the one that is most responsive to comments from the Council
regarding building mass and transitions. If the Council is interested in
pursuing this option or, frankly, any of the options—actually I would say
Option 1 or Option 3—there are some conditions that Staff has considered.
We've included those in the Staff Report; we can address these specifically if
there's any interest in that.      Again, the Architectural Review Board's
recommending rejection of Option 2. The applicant's proposed alternative,
Option 3, is included with this Packet for the Council's consideration. With
that, Staff recommends that the Council direct the Staff to prepare a Record
of Land Use Action to deny the appeal, approve the Mitigated Negative
Declaration and Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting program, and approve
either Options 1, 2 or 3 with or without conditions. Alternatively, the Council
could choose to uphold the appeal and deny a modified project, Options 1, 2
and 3, based on the ARB's October 20th recommendation and a finding that
the design modifications have not addressed the Council's previous
concerns. Staff would return at a future date with that Record of Land Use
Action to memorialize the Council's action. With that, I will turn it back to
the Mayor. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. With that, we now go to the appellant.
Dr. Harbour, are you here? You'll have 10 minutes.

                                                                         Page 32 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
