                          TRANSCRIPT
revisit, but we wanted to take it away from a prioritization of those
amendments and focus more on the things that we need to do to help
projects get reviewed in a more efficient manner.

Council Member DuBois: Just a quick comment on three or four of them
that I hope would come back soon. We had a discussion about assumptions
about square footage per employee for parking requirements, office use
definitions—I think office use is part of the State Density Bonus Law—and
rooftop uses are a few that I remember. On these specifically, one quick
question I had is why did we change the definition of transition and
supportive housing? It looks like we basically struck multifamily from the
definition.

Ms. Campbell: This is a State regulation that was required for the City to
comply with. We've also committed to doing it within our Housing Element.
We were supposed to get this done by last year, update the definitions to
comply with our Housing Element.

Council Member DuBois: Just so I understand, the impact of that is this kind
of housing would be allowed in any residential zone?

Ms. Campbell: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: On the loading zone question, it seemed to be
written to suggest impacts on the project but not necessarily on maybe level
of service of the streets. I wondered if that was the intent or if there was
any idea that we would balance the impact of street-based loading zone,
what impact that would have on traffic.

Mr. Lait: The standard that we're using is on Packet Page 327. It says that
the Director may modify the quantity or dimension of off-street loading—this
is only one space of off-street loading—for nonresidential development based
on existing or proposed site conditions, availability of alternative means to
address loading and unloading activities and upon a finding that the off-
street loading may conflict with Comprehensive Plan goals and policies
related to site planning, circulation and access, and urban design principles.
I think it's that last clause of the sentence that is the hook to make sure, if
we are granting off-street loading, we're doing it in a way that does not
conflict with circulation objectives of the Comp Plan as well as some of the
other urban design criteria.

Council Member DuBois: I guess it was that last part. It would be upon
finding that off-street or on-street loading would conflict with the Comp Plan.


                                                                        Page 64 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
