                         TRANSCRIPT
actual work plan. The main point here is that for you, if you didn't get a
chance to look at it, just on the Council Priorities—this is not the work plan
for the whole City for the course of a year. I asked the Staff to arrange this
according to the far-right column, which is the go or no-go column. It's
basically the ones that are coded green, yellow and red. The concept that
we shared earlier in the year—for the new Council Members, it was a simple
way for us to color code whether we were on track, green. In some cases,
actually fully completing within a project what we expected. Yellow, there's
some warning we've made some progress but not enough. If you turn to
the very end, you would look at the red projects. You will see, starting on
the next-to-the-last page, we have twelve and two others ones that were
added by the Council. Eleven to thirteen of the 79 projects on your work
plan, we basically didn't do anything on them. Why didn't we do anything
on them? It's not that we don't care, that we're lazy, that declining scores
about trust in government are fully warranted, all of those sorts of things.
It's actually that really speaks to the fact that our process for how we
prioritize our work and how we focus on it needs to get more focused and
actually even more disciplined. I say that as a prelude to, when we start
talking about how you identify your Priorities for the year and then our
suggestions that I'll go over after this piece under the process foundation,
some suggestions for how you could use the rest of the Retreat. I didn't
know if you had any questions or comments. Again, these are just coded by
the results, the colors. You will note that we actually had the Council last
year rank the importance of a project—for example, the first one on this list
is the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan—as to what we would do. Six
out of the nine Council Members last year, for example, said that's an
important project for us. I would suggest two things. I don't know if you
had any initial comments, if you had any sort of question. If not, I'd be
more than happy to invite some specific questions from the Council. After
the Retreat, you could send me an email or something, and we would be
happy to respond to the whole Council. Of course, that would be public.
That being said, this is last year. Last year is over; we're in 2017. The
more cogent comments are anything that may relate to or inform
expectations that you would have in 2017, not so much spending precious
time we have here at the Retreat recapping what we did. I will give you my
own general impression as City Manager. The City got a hell of a lot of stuff
done on some really complex initiatives and projects.            Again, if you
remember this iceberg metaphor that I've been using for years, most of the
work that the City does is below the waterline. It's the regular work of
responding to emergency calls, of picking up trash, running recreation
programs. These priority projects are above the waterline, and they're the
very top of this iceberg. We really got most of them done. Some of these
things are pretty challenging and thorny projects. By far, the largest of
them fall into two areas, one in the Planning Department area—that's all in
                                                                        Page 31 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
