                          TRANSCRIPT
window treatments, different street-level window heights or a little bit of
entry heights. On the second level, the same thing. They're all finer
grained. If you look then at what is being proposed in either Option 1, 2 or
3, you have very dominant and prominent concrete features that step
forward, that are as single units larger than the whole of an articulated
building front adjacent to or down that block. If you look on the Kipling side,
that's true not for the storefronts particularly, but that kind of larger-scale
rhythm is very inconsistent with the rhythm of the houses on the street.
That's of great concern. These proposals for the most part—depending on
which one you look at, it's either more or less the case. This building has
very strong horizontal elements that run the length of the project. There's
not an attempt to break up the mass and scale of this building. There have
been a lot of comments made about the size of the building. As I've said
recently, it's not the square footage; it's how the square footage is
expressed. If you look at a building that often gets referenced because it's
so successful, if you look at what used to be the University Art Building, how
a lot of people still think of it, where Shinola is now. That building is a very
large building and adjacent to someone and two-story buildings. What it
does to make itself presented to the public as a pedestrian-scale building is
it has very much differentiated storefronts. The elements of the building—
it's all one building. People don't even realize that sometimes when looking
at it. The elements of the building have differentiated roof angles, roof
shapes, roof heights, different window treatments. Those make for a very
much more smaller-grained, fine-grained, more compatible building that is
much more likely to be compatible with the surroundings. It's not about
style. It's not at all about style. I want to be clear about that. It's about
the design, which is not the same as style. This building, I think, does not
respond to those transitions, does not respond to the rhythm of the street.
The height of the first floor, I would have to say, also—again, these are very
dominant, concrete, forward-setting elements. Those projections are about
a story and a half tall. How I look at this. I think of it as, if you go through
a neighborhood that's in a floodplain—if there's a replacement building and
the replacement house has to be raised the three feet or sometimes three-
feet-plus, it's how that house has a very negative impact on the other
houses on that block or in that neighborhood. It stands out considerably.
This building does that same thing. I'll stop there. Those are some of my
comments.

Mayor Scharff: I have a couple of comments on this. First of all, I'd say
that for me the issue is Kipling Street. University Avenue has no unified
architectural feel to it. There's a 50-foot building virtually across the street
from this building. It really comes down to how this interacts with Kipling
Street for me. The Staff Report does a really good job really starting on
Packet Page 526 when it talks about Option 1 being the most responsive to
                                                                          Page 59 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
