                         TRANSCRIPT
eliminating "J." Vice Mayor Kniss almost argued against the amendment
because we have to go to other places to get gasoline. Whether it's gasoline
or whether it's whatever you can get at a service station, we don't want to
push them out or incentivize them to go away because you can put an office
there. I'm voting against it.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote. That passes on a 5-4 vote with Council Members
Wolbach, Kniss, myself, Tanaka and Fine voting yes.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kou no

Mayor Scharff: The last one I have is the fitness studios. I think there's
been somewhat—a lot of people have spoken that the smaller groups of 15
or fewer students is too small. There have been disagreements about
whether or not we should basically have the opposite, that you have to have
more density. I heard Council Member Wolbach say that. I don't think
that's—I think it's too difficult to decide what the number should be. I don't
know enough about—I'm trying to count in my yoga class that I go to. On
the unpopular yoga classes, it's probably 10 or 15 people. On the more
popular ones, I think it's probably upwards of between 30 and 50. That's in
the current Downtown going to Yoga Source. When I go to Orange Theory, I
think there's 30, 35 people that go to that. That's really popular and brings
a lot of retail to the—a lot of people to the Edgewood Shopping Center. We
then go have bagels and stuff. I'm just going to move that "H" says fitness
and exercise studios or similar uses. That's "H" on Packet Page 429.

Council Member Fine: I'll second that.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Fine to
add to the Motion, “remove from Section 18.040.030(114)(H), ‘intended for
an individual or small group of 15 or fewer students/customers at one time
(see “commercial recreation” for other activities).’”

Mayor Scharff: I've pretty much spoken to it. I would say it's a real mistake
to say 15 or fewer because that's not what we're allowing. We're allowing
more than that. When we tell the community that, people will say that's not
what we're doing. It's a good thing that people have more density than 15.
The concern more, at least—I've heard the same thing from Al at Printer's
Ink. What he dislikes about the fitness place next to him is the opposite,
there's not enough people that go there because it's individualized training.
I would be open to the concept that it has to have more density, frankly,
than individualized training. I'm just not sure how to capture that. That's
probably a one-off that's sort of rare. That's my thoughts on that. Council
Member Fine.

                                                                      Page 114 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
