                          TRANSCRIPT
community. We would use those as ways to evaluate whether the growth
management systems we have in place are achieving the desired results.

Council Member DuBois: We had two options for growth management. It
was caps or it was the community indicators. The way we're heading is
we're going to get rid of both. I put it to my fellow Council Members that
we're essentially getting rid of all caps. We're also getting rid of all quality
of life indicators. I'm not really sure what we're attempting to do. When we
go back to the scenarios that we've been considering, I think those scenarios
were tied into these as well or one of them was at least.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the Council's earlier Motion retained the Citywide cap
and the annual limit, just put it in an Ordinance rather than in Plan
language.

Council Member DuBois: We'll have those limits, but we won't—again, we
talked about this pretty extensively. The community indicators were metrics
for us to track our progress against the Comp Plan over time to see how we
were doing. It's not making a whole lot of sense to me that we would just
drop that. I think the Staff Motion there was to consider what to do with the
development requirements, are they complete enough or do they need more
work. I'm not going to support the Motion as written.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I just have a question. I actually liked a lot of the
community indicators. I thought there was some interesting stuff in the
development requirements too. If it doesn't go in the Comp Plan, what's the
path forward with that?

Ms. Gitelman: Of course, if it's not in the Comp Plan, it doesn't mean that
this couldn't be the next evolution of the Performance Report or some kind
of ongoing monitoring effort, the next evolution of the monitoring we already
do.

Mayor Scharff: You could direct Staff to come back as a non-Comp Plan
item at some point when they're ready.

Council Member Filseth: We could do that. Is that where you guys are
going? The Mayor points out we could direct Staff to come back with a
follow-on revision of this at some future time.

Mayor Scharff: Outside of the Comp Plan.



                                                                         Page 76 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
