                          TRANSCRIPT
We're going to build two new fire stations in Palo Alto, that were originally
built in 1959 and 1963. Those are things that I'll be able to drive around
town and look at for decades to come. For all those decades, it's the
memories of much smaller interactions that I had with folks, that I'll hold
closest to my heart. It was people who reached out to me because they
were running a preschool, and they were having trouble getting through the
Palo Alto process to be able to increase the preschool spots, the desperately
needed preschool spots that we needed here in Palo Alto. They called, and I
was able to work with them and Staff to find a creative solution to the hurdle
that existed in front of them. It's the parents that have begun reaching out
to me. Adrian or Cory, you guys might have to take this on. When the sand
in the playgrounds got too low for their kids, they were worried about the
safety of their kids, that they might fall and hit the side or hit the concrete.
It was working with people to improve traffic intersections so that students
had a safe way to cross the street to get to where they wanted to go to. It's
kind of personal ways that we get to help members in our community, that I
am going to hold most dear from my time on the City Council. That's right.
I knew I had something I wanted to say to close it up. I was rushing out of
the house this afternoon and grabbed my wallet and grabbed my keys. Next
to that is a tray that has all the pins that we collect as we serve on the Palo
Alto City Council. I saw this one that I'm wearing today, which is For the
Love of Palo Alto. I think that best sums up both the work that you all will
put forth to improve the community. It sums up the reason that the
Chambers was packed tonight with people who care and love Palo Alto. Only
Council Member Schmid could actually have a tally of how many people
come and talk at Council meetings. Why 9,000 people have come to talk at
Council meetings during your nine years on Council, it's because we all love
Palo Alto. We might come at it from different viewpoints, and we might
have different ideas of what that should look like, but we all come to this
Chamber with the same motivation, which is to improve the community that
we live in. It's a really amazing thing. It was an honor to be able to spend
four years on Council. I just wanted to thank the community for that
opportunity. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: We're almost getting to the end. I wanted to tell them we
actually have some more awards and plaques to give out. This is the
symbolic key to the City. We're going to give those to our three retiring
Council Members. For Mayor Burt, he gets a gavel which he used once, I
gather, as Mayor. I'm just going to come down and call you up. We can do
a photo.




                                                                          Page 28 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
