                          TRANSCRIPT
addressing those issues directly, head-on and with great perseverance.
Welcome to our new colleagues.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Is there anyone else who wishes to speak?
With that, do we have any cards from the public? No cards on the public.
Since there's only one nominee, I'm just going to ask you to vote on the
board. The way you vote on the board is you push the green button if
you're in favor and the red button if you're opposed, the yellow button if you
want to abstain, but we don't do that at Council. That passes unanimously.

NOMINATION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll take a moment. I'll just switch seats with Council
Member Tanaka. It's actually traditional for the Mayor-elect or elected to
say a few words before us. That's what I wanted to do. First of all, I
wanted to thank my colleagues and the community for the trust you've
placed in me. I really appreciate Council Member DuBois' comments. I
thought they were apropos, and I totally agree with them. I appreciate all
the other kind words. I wanted to thank all of you for supporting me, and
the community. I wanted to welcome the new Council Members. I wanted
to say that being Mayor of Palo Alto is an honor. It's a real honor. In fact,
as a lot of Former Mayors have told me—I can tell you this myself having
served once as Mayor—it's the one thing, when you go to an event, that
people are like, "You're the Former Mayor of Palo Alto?" It's very well
thought of Palo Alto regionally. It's really an honor. I wanted to say we
have really an extraordinary community here, from our amazing citizen
engagement frankly to the number of libraries we have. It's just amazing.
The quality of City Staff, we don't really talk enough about the quality of our
City Staff. I wanted to say we have an extraordinary Staff, and they work
extremely hard on behalf of the citizens of Palo Alto. Palo Alto is just such a
wonderful place to live, work and raise a family. An important component of
that is the quality of the City services we have. The quality of the City
services is only as good as our City Staff. I wanted to highlight the City
Staff in that I've noticed over the last couple of years really how hard they
work, how many late hours they put in, and how unsung they are in terms of
the press and in terms of the community. I just wanted to do a real shout-
out to the City Staff. The other thing I wanted to say is I know it was a
tough election that did elicit a lot of strong feelings and statements.
However, I know all of you fairly well up here, the new Council Members as
well as the old Council Members. I want to say to everyone here Palo Alto is
extremely lucky to have each of you as Council Members. You all are
amazingly skilled and bring a lot to this community. Your dedication and
service to the community is very impressive. I would ask that we all come
together as colleagues and, frankly, hopefully friends. I want to tell you that
                                                                          Page 6 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
