                         TRANSCRIPT
I'd be happy to make a Motion to keep the programs prominently in the
main Comp Plan text. I think it's important for us all to remember,
whichever programs we personally have our hearts set on—I like a lot of
them—according to State guidelines, this is meant to be a living document.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Having worked on the Comp Plan, I would find it hard
pressed to find any members of the community who wants to revisit it every
5 years. My question is mainly how much interaction and communication
have you had with the schools in terms of looking at all these numbers that
are coming up with the growth rate.

Ms. Gitelman: Let me start that, and the City Manager Jim Keene had a
recent communication with the School District as well. Our consultant team
and Staff coordinated with the District when we were preparing the analysis
in the EIR. In fact, the student generation rates that we used reflect
updated information from the District. We did coordinate with them. I know
we've gotten some comments from members of the School Board today
we're happy to respond to. I think there are responses, and we can respond
in more detail later this evening if you have specific questions about those
remarks. Jim.

Mr. Keene: Thank you. If I could just add to that. I got some word from
Staff and others—actually at the Barron Park neighborhood meeting this
weekend this question came up. I called the Superintendent just to check in
with him today, and he did mention that they were not going to be able to
be here at the meeting. He did really express a desire to be sure that there
was an opportunity for their staff to meet with us prior to the Council really
taking particular action, so that they had a better understanding of the
implications. I did share with him the fact that, even though the Council has
the hearing tonight, our current schedule has us taking comments through
March 31st. He was heartened to know that they had that opportunity. I
would expect we will get some—we'll meet with them in this next 10 days. I
think they'll have some opportunities to submit some of their written
comments. That being said, Hillary later on may ultimately go in more detail
about even the subsequent interface, coming back to the Council on the
Land Use and Transportation Elements in May, where in addition to what
you're going to deal with in the Final EIR, there will be the chance for the
Council to give further direction.

Council Member Kou: I just want to ensure that with Palo Alto's rate of
growth we have to also take into consideration the Stanford GUP, where

                                                                           Page 23 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
