                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Not a private school, a school use which is a private school.

Vice Mayor Kniss: As a school use, yes, second.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to add
to the Motion, “direct Staff to allow in the RT-35 District on properties with
frontage on Alma Street between Channing Avenue and Lincoln Avenue to be
replaced by a private education facility. Property owners would be prohibited
from converting a discontinued retail use to a private school and then to
office.” (New Part I)

Council Member Filseth: Is it that guy that was here?

Mayor Scharff: Which guy?

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible) Johnny Katz or …

Mayor Scharff:     It could be any school use.     Council previously had
discussion on this. People can decide. I'm not going to speak to it. Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I am going to speak to it. Like I said earlier, I
don't think we can make this change through this process. It would be an
amendment to the SOFA II plan that would be the appropriate mechanism to
do that. That's one. Two, the owners of those two buildings have not gone
through the waiver and appeal process as it's described in the Staff Report,
in other words in the new Ordinance. Three, at a minimum there should be
CUPs required. I believe both of those sites used to be automotive uses,
and that was an issue when the Emerson Street school went in, the
AltSchool went in. Automotive uses had been there too, and we didn't have
any conditional use permit requirement. We have little kids on former
automotive use locations. No analysis was required because we don't even
have a CUP there. For those three reasons, I'm going to oppose this and
encourage my Colleagues to do the same.

Mayor Scharff: Would Staff like to address the SOFA II issue that Council
Member Holman raised?

Mr. Lait: We believe that we are able to amend SOFA II through this
process. In fact, it's through this process that we're actually able to protect
the existing retail that are outside of the core area in SOFA II and require
the retention of those existing retail in that area. The Ordinance here, I
believe, includes some amendments to the use table in SOFA II. That's the
path that we've been following as we understood that it was the Council's


                                                                       Page 121 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
