                         TRANSCRIPT
encourage housing. I think it's kind of a new approach going beyond what
that letter must have been about.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate that it was intended as a comment on
the DEIR. At the same time, I'm not quite sure if it's going to have—
presuming this comment was correct, if 2,086 units is going to have a
significant impact on neighborhoods, what does it matter if it's over a period
of 7 years or 30 years? If we can't add that number of housing units into
the City without having a significant impact, I guess that's …

Ms. Gitelman: Again, Council Member Holman …

Council Member Holman: … what I would like to have a better understanding
of when this comes back.

Ms. Gitelman: We've analyzed scenarios with a higher number of housing
units in it. We have not found, as you say, impacts on the neighborhood.
We have identified some traffic and air quality impacts that can't be
mitigated. We've identified a host of impacts that require mitigation. Our
intention is to apply that mitigation through this process. There is a
response. I'd like to take the opportunity to prepare a thoughtful, written
response in the Final EIR to that sentiment.

Mayor Scharff: I wanted to ask a clarifying question. When I chose
Scenario 5 or Scenario 4 or Scenario 2—this is my understanding of it—
that's not saying—what you have in the Packet back here, little X's next to
the boxes. That's not choosing those boxes over other boxes. I just wanted
to clarify for everyone that we're not making those decisions. When I say
Scenario 2, we're talking about the number. It's really just to point out that
it's the number. We're not saying it's the Scenario 2 box over, say, if I
chose Scenario 4's boxes. I wanted everyone to recognize that so they
know what we're doing.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine. Nope, okay.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Filseth to accept the description of a preferred scenario for
the Comprehensive Plan Update Final Environmental Impact Report
described in the Staff Report with the following elements and adjustments:

A.   Estimated housing growth would be between Scenario 5 (3,545
     dwelling units) and Scenario 4 (4,420 dwelling units); and


                                                                           Page 88 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
