                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Michael, would you like to come forward, Chair Alcheck?

Michael Alcheck, Planning and Transportation Commission Chair: Good
evening, Mayor Scharff. Good evening, Council Members. How can I help
you today? I'll tell you a little bit about this meeting. We reviewed …

Mayor Scharff: Could you speak closer to the microphone?

Mr. Alcheck: I can tell you a little bit about our two meetings on this topic.
I think I can speak for everyone on the Commission. We felt that there was
an opportunity missed here to spend a great deal more time evaluating the
Ordinance that was in front of us. There was a sense shared amongst us
that the interim Ordinance was put in place in a—I don't want to say a
rushed manner, but in an effort to quickly address something. The idea was
that it would come back to us so that in that interim period of time we could
evaluate how to address any issues that came up. I think there was some
consensus around the premise that the effort to really evaluate what is
working and what isn't working or whether we should involve maybe a
stakeholder group like the 2009 effort was missed. In an effort to make that
recommendation, there was a lot of division on the Commission. There
wasn't support for recommending that you don't move forward; although,
that motion did come before us. The follow-up motion was that you do
move forward and concerns with specifics were suggested. The overarching
suggestion was is there a framework by which we could review this in the
future, is there a creative way where we could incorporate a stakeholder
group like the 2009 group. There were suggestions that essentially asked
you to allow us to participate in this process with a little bit more
stakeholder involvement. There are specifics in our recommendation about
neighborhoods where the Ordinance should be more specifically looked at,
Cal. Ave. for example, SOFA. I'm happy to answer other questions. I think
largely our takeaway was that we'd like to be of more service to this
process. There was a sentiment that we didn't have this sort of involvement
from local business owners that we would have liked to have seen. Is there
anything else I can provide you with?

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, I'd like to hear from the public. We have
a number of public speakers. I'm going to give you all 3 minutes. If
everyone could get their cards in as soon as possible, that'd be great. Our
first speaker is Roxy Rapp, to be followed by Chop Keenan.

Public Hearing opened at 8:42 P.M.

Roxy Rapp: Thank you for being, number one, the oldest person in the
room. I'd like to talk about retail. My parents moved here in 1947, had a
little leased shoe department in Walster's Department Store. When I was
                                                                       Page 45 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
