                          TRANSCRIPT
the issue of the 50,000-square-foot annual limit continuing as a regular
Ordinance as opposed to being in the Comp Plan. The advantage of that is
the Comp Plan theoretically is going to last for 13 years. On the other hand,
this update has taken the better part of a decade, so it might be
considerably more than 13 years. It's not obvious to me that 13 or 20 years
from now we won't encounter a circumstance where we need to get more
than 50,000 square feet in some year. It makes sense for that not to be
baked into the Comp Plan. On the other hand, I don't think we should
eliminate the Downtown cap. I don't want to shut off discussion of this
whole thing at this point, but at the appropriate point I'd like to make what's
going to be, I assume, an unfriendly Amendment that we can vote on.
Whether now (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: Now would be the time if you're talking, because …

Council Member Filseth: If I do that, we're going to shut down discussion on
all this stuff. We're just focused on that.

Mayor Scharff: That's correct.

Council Member Filseth: I'd like a cue from the Mayor when. If you want to
do it now, that's fine. Comments on that are the Downtown area is about as
vibrant as it needs to be. It's in a good space right now. I don't think it
needs to be much denser and more vibrant. In terms of density, several of
us traded emails with a couple of the tech business owners on the Cal. Ave.
discussion a week ago. They've got 85 employees and 9,500 square feet,
which is like 120 square feet per employee, so it's pretty dense. 50,000
square feet is a lot of employees. Finally, yes, it's true that's there higher
use of mass transit in the Downtown area than there is in other parts of the
City. Adding space does not reduce trips. It may increase it more slowly in
the Downtown area than other places, but it doesn't reduce trips. It won't
help. With that, I'm going to let other people talk.

Mayor Scharff: I think you should make your Amendment. What I really
want to avoid is having to do second rounds without motions and that kind
of stuff.

Council Member Filseth: It might be friendly. In that case, let me propose
an Amendment, maybe it's friendly or not. We retain the existing Downtown
cap of—is it 45,000 square feet? At least for the course of this Comp Plan
Update, which is nominally 13 years. We exempt residential and retail from
it.

Council Member Wolbach: (Inaudible).

                                                                        Page 38 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
