                         TRANSCRIPT
need potentially for land for eight new schools. I would also just say as I
look at the assumptions, I hope we will take a balanced approach tonight.
We need to manage growth in a way that pays attention to the social
impacts, the economic impacts. We should be asking ourselves as we look
at these scenarios who do they benefit. We've heard a little bit about kind of
affordable housing and serving the disabled. I am concerned that with the
current scenario outline based on the January 30th meeting without breaks
on office development, we may say that we're looking at 6,000 units of
housing, but they'll never get built competing with also unfettered office
growth. In terms of the Transportation Element, I'd like to see more teeth
in there, specifically feedback. I'd like to see us add implementing the
County expressway plan. I'm concerned that we're looking at a scenario
with a lot of job growth and a lot of housing growth, and none of our
transportation elements are dealing with road capacity. In the EIR, there's
significant impacts mostly in the transportation section. If you look at the
end, the unavoidable impacts are almost all transportation. I'm concerned
about transportation eight, creating demand on our local streets. We may
even need to consider increasing capacity in our arterials if we're going to
keep traffic away from impacting the local streets. I'd like to understand—
the assumption here is that we're going to have grade crossings. I'd like to
understand the impacts if we don't have grade crossings or if we only have a
subset of grade crossings. It seems to be the most major transportation
assumption in the list currently. In terms of land use impacts, there were
significant impacts for Scenarios 5 and 6. Again, we've included some
recent changes like the S/CAP, but we need to consider future housing in the
sphere of influence and the new GUP request that we're getting. Quickly on
the Fiscal Study. I know the conclusion is it's not really impactful either
way. It does seem inconsistent with past analysis that we've done. We also
know that pension is going to be taking a larger and larger piece of the
General Fund. I saw an assumption that we're not going to decrease
service. I'm wondering how those things were balanced out. It seems like
either we have to hire a lot more Staff or we have to have a decrease in
service. I'm not sure if this question is coming through properly. Essentially
for a dollar of revenue in the future, a huge chunk of that is going to go to
fund pension costs. It seems like we need either 50 percent more people or
we would deliver much fewer services. Could you guys comment on that?

Ms. Gitelman: I'll invite our consultant, Mr. Sigman, to come to the
microphone and offer a response. I'd just say that the Fiscal Study, like the
EIR, looks at one point in time. It's not really looking at a trend, like you
would look at a forecast. It's just in the year 2030, which is the year we're
using, what would the impacts be on the General Fund, positive or negative.
Ben, do you have something to add?

                                                                           Page 51 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
