                          TRANSCRIPT
ways to deviate from the minimum wage requirements. I look to Staff. If
we just stopped there, deviate from minimum wage requirements, that
wouldn't—the tipping and sharing the tips is a separate issue. It's not a
minimum wage requirement. Right?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Perhaps I can help. The barrier at the State
level is a State statute that does not allow you to make a different rule for
tipped employees. I think the instruction to the legislative advocate would
be to remove that in order to allow cities full flexibility to adopt a different
minimum wage or to allow tip sharing, etc. The language is here, but the
City Manager's Office also continuously advises and works with the
legislative lobbyists. I think we would not be looking for the State to
actually provide a rule that would be appropriate in our community or in any
others, but just to remove the barrier on local experimentation.

Council Member Holman: Did you have something to say?

Mr. Keene: No (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: Just to be really clear with what you said, Molly. I
agree with what you're saying. I just want to make sure, though, that the
tip sharing is also part of the minimum wage rule. Are they linked? I didn't
think so. I don't think this Amendment or this part of the Motion, "A," is
correct. I think what we're looking for is "allow cities to pursue policies to
deviate from minimum wage requirements" period. If we want to allow
something different where we could distribute tips among employees, that
would be a separate piece.

Mr. Keene: Just one thought. I know this could probably come as a
surprise. I doubt that anybody in Sacramento is going to put forward
legislation word for word the way we craft it here. I think we're identifying
the concept that you want to pursue. In working with our advocate and in
talking with members of the Legislature, we'll get a sense of what folks
would think is possible. At that point, we would be coming back to the
Council, telling you what could fly.

Council Member Holman: I don't disagree with you on that, Jim. I just want
to make sure we're giving clear guidance to the Staff what our intention is.
From other Colleagues, what we're looking for is we want to be able to
deviate from the minimum wage requirements and we want to be able to
allow restaurants to share tips. It's two things.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Sorry to interrupt. The word missing in here is just
"restaurants." This way it would look as though we're just deviating from

                                                                          Page 41 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
