                          TRANSCRIPT
the Council getting involved in national affairs. That's a little abstract to me.
What Cory said about the threats to civil and human rights—we're just in
this massive infringement. It's both a moral issue, as we see our leaders
around here talk about it, and it's an economic and quality of life issue for us
particularly in Palo Alto and the center of innovation. Thanks, Cory. I hope
we can find some way to bring that up on the Agenda and so some action
around it.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Scharff: Now, we move to the Consent Calendar. I don't have any
speakers on the Consent Calendar. If I could get a Motion to approve the …

Vice Mayor Kniss: Move approval.

Mayor Scharff: … move approval. I'll second that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to approve
Agenda Item Numbers 3-4.

3.    Approval of the Acceptance and Expenditure of Citizens Options for
      Public Safety (COPS) Funds on Various Law Enforcement Equipment
      and Approval of a Budget Amendment in the Law Enforcement
      Services Fund.

4.    Resolution 9664 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto in Collaboration With the Cities of Redwood City, Menlo Park, and
      Mountain View Directing Staff to Participate in Sub-regional Planning
      on Bike Routes.”

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

5.    Comprehensive Plan Update:        City Council Review & Direction
      Regarding the Draft Land Use & Community Design Element and the
      Revised Draft Transportation Element.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're on our first Action Item and only Action Item,
the Comprehensive Plan Update. Do we have any public speakers? If you
want to speak on this item, I would appreciate it if you could get your cards

                                                                          Page 9 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
