                          TRANSCRIPT
denied and the bottom one was approved by the ARB. Frankly, there is no
reason other than pure politics. This project has a long history. To me in
reviewing the record, it became very apparent that every step of the way
the appellant simply liked the Victorian design and has used every
conceivable, purely subjective excuse to impede approval.          While it is
appropriate for this City Council to consider the input of the appellant, that
consideration has transmogrified into flat-out veto power in contravention of
State law and the due process rights of Kipling Post. I have a few examples
in my prior correspondence. Here's a few that bear repeating. In email
dated August 31, 2016 between the City's Manager of Current Planning,
Jodie Gerhardt, and the appellant, Ms. Gerhardt seeks the guidance and
approval of the appellant regarding design changes. "If you can also
describe what a compatible building would look like, that would be helpful.
Should it only be two stories next to a one-story, existing building and step-
up from there? Is three stories okay if the roofline is minimized?" In a
November 22, 2016 email to me personally, Planning Director Hillary
Gitelman wrote, "I hope that your client will preview her new plans with
appellant to see if she can resolve his ongoing concerns." Not the concerns
of the ARB, the appellant's concerns. At the March 17, 2016 ARB hearing
regarding one of the numerous design revisions, Chair Gooyer stated, "I
think we're in a situation. We've heard from the person who appealed it to
the City Council. If we recommend a building like this, he'll just appeal it
again." That the City's Architectural Review Board perceives itself as being
held hostage to the whims of the appellant is an abrogation of its role as a
neutral body, and that abrogation and undue deference has unfortunately
permeated the Planning Department. As the Court of Appeal held in Ross
versus City of Yorba Linda in 1991, "In restricting individual rights by
exercise of the police power, neither a municipal corporation nor the State
Legislature itself can deprive an individual of property rights by a plebiscite
of neighbors. Such action is arbitrary and unlawful. In short, an exercise of
approval power cannot be made to depend upon a count of noses." I want
to reserve five minutes for the architectural team. If I could get maybe—
where am I now, four minutes?

Mayor Scharff: Five minutes and (inaudible) seconds.

Mr. Kassouni: I'll just wrap up. This segues into a related constitutional
defect in the City's Code, which imposes so many vague, ambiguous, and
entirely subjective design criteria as to render them unworkable and
meaningless on their face and as applied to Kipling Post. The project
conforms to every objective design criteria. In this case, the vague Codes
have been latched onto by the appellant as the only means by which to
criticize the project. There is no explicit, textual limitations on the City's
discretion. Unbridled discretionary grounds are inherent in phrases such as
                                                                         Page 36 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
