                          TRANSCRIPT
work. I know that everyone does great service. Because I did have the
honor of working with him the last few years, I want to say that working on
regional issues is absolutely necessary. It's also never easy. It's not an
easy thing. The last couple of years in particular I think we've made some
milestones on the San Francisquito Creek. I want to say that Pat Burt has
been a very outstanding member, has made many contributions at key
points. I think all of us bring our experience and our ideas. We did have a
couple of very rough years with State agencies, one in particular. I want to
forget the name of it, a very important agency. We had to deal with flood
management, with environmental issues, with recreational issues, with many
different things. I very much appreciated Pat Burt's studious efforts, always
being very well prepared, doing his homework, asking tough questions.
Among ourselves, we have at times disagreed, and that's part of the
process. In the end, we worked as a team. I'm very happy that, before he
stepped down, Pat Burt was able to be there. We were there at the
groundbreaking, so that work is now finally taking place. We look forward to
the continuing work. Definitely from the bottom of my heart, because I've
been at it for a long time, I really appreciate the work that Pat Burt did as
well as others. A great Colleague. I know Council Member Romero's around
here. He served also as the alternate. I know he feels the same way.
Definitely congratulations to Palo Alto for being a good neighbor. Thank
you. That's it.

Mayor Scharff: One more. Come on up.

Carlos Romero, City of East Palo Alto: Greg, I'm sorry.

Mayor Scharff: No, no worries. Come on up.

Mr. Romero: (Inaudible).

Mayor Scharff: It's perfectly fine. Carlos Romero from East Palo Alto.

Mr. Romero: There was one final Item that, I think, the Vice Mayor forgot to
mention. By the way, congratulations to the new Vice Mayor, the Mayor and
those of you who are newly elected. In terms of Pat Burt, Pat had, whether
it was the soul, the foresight, the integrity to reach out to East Palo Alto
some time ago and ask us how we could work together to potentially solve a
very critical water issue we have in East Palo Alto. Granted you have a
Colleagues' Memo that is making its way now through your process, but we
would not have gotten there had it not been for Pat unilaterally. There
hasn't been a city on the Peninsula that's done this, reaching out to us and
saying, "Look, this just isn't fair. Historically East Palo Alto has gotten the
short end of the stick. Is there some way that we can look at resources and
try indeed to fix that issue that is presently vexing us in East Palo Alto?"
                                                                         Page 24 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
