                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I think the Vice Mayor puts it
quite well.     This has been a community-driven project.             It seems
overwhelming that they support Option 7A. I think that's a nice way to cap
this off and all the effort they've put into this. Personally, I think there's a
few other things I like about this project. I think 7A does provide some
additional transportation options, whether it's biking or walking, compared to
7B. It also matches the one lane configuration as Middlefield transitions to
Menlo Park, which kind of rationalizes the corridor a little bit. Two other
comments. I did like Council Member DuBois' comment about what are the
successes that we're looking for here. I'd really encourage Staff to work
with the folks who have worked so hard already to figure out what is it we're
looking for, what are we not looking for. The final thing is more of a large
comment on how we do things here in the City. This is a pretty detailed
transportation engineering plan, and none of us up here are transportation
engineers. We're really tasked with digging into it, listening to folks in the
community, working with you and Staff.            Just having come from the
Planning Commission, this may be something that we want them to focus
more on. I know it's been through PTC. As a Council in the future, we may
want to think about respecting those decisions or giving some more leverage
or power to the PTC who are supposed to be specialists in this area. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I also want to thank Staff for your work and also
to all the residents that came out to talk about this matter. I've spent a lot
of time on Middlefield, talking to a lot of the residents. It's definitely a big
issue. It's actually not just this stretch of Middlefield, but a lot of other parts
of Middlefield. I encourage Staff to actually do some work and try to fix
some of the other parts. I support the current Motion on the floor, but I
have a couple of comments. Two of my colleagues were saying earlier, I
didn't see in the Packet the PTC Minutes. In fact, the PTC Minutes aren't
even online. Do you know what happened to them?

Mr. Mello: This project was not brought to PTC for a direction. We did give
a presentation at PTC back in October regarding several projects that are
occurring along Middlefield Road.

Council Member Tanaka: I think you actually talked about this project at the
PTC, because I was there. I think my fellow Council Member was also there.
I was a little bit surprised that none of those comments made it to us. I felt
like this was almost like déjà vu, like literally déjà vu from the last meeting.
I guess I was a bit surprised. Why not leverage the work that was done
already?

                                                                           Page 69 of 122
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/23/17
