                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Two things. I think this was made by Council
Member Fine, not Filseth. Again, it seems a little crazy. We wanted to have
vibrant retail. If I understand the motion, we're going to have clear glass on
nonretail and not clear glass on retail, which just seems backwards to me.
If we wanted to add more flexibility for the retail, we could do that. It
seems like we've done the opposite.

Council Member Fine: We're allowing them to choose.

Council Member DuBois: Again, having a vibrant retail street with windows
is very standard. I'm not sure why we're doing this.

Mayor Scharff:   Council Member Holman, did you wish to speak to this as
well?

Council Member Holman: What Tom said plus this is just nonsensical to me.
Why wouldn't we want to have direct access into a retail site? What we're
doing actually here potentially for those who choose to go that direction is
we're setting up a Code Enforcement issue. Not that it would happen that
way, but I know on El Camino, for instance, there are locations where either
there's a direct barrier or a shallow barrier. What's behind that shallow
barrier, people have discovered, is not retail. I think this makes no sense
and actually sets up very disruptive requirements. I think what Staff came
up with to begin with is quite appropriate.

Mr. Lait: If I can just comment on this language here. This is just for the
GF and the R district, the two combining districts, GF and R districts.

Council Member Holman: I understand.          I was just talking about the
example on El Camino. I understand.

Mayor Scharff: Why don't we put that in, that it applies to that, so when it
comes back there's not confusion? Council Member Wolbach.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Amendment, “for the Ground Floor
(GF) and Retail Shopping (R) Combining Districts” after “Design Standards.”

Council Member Wolbach:        Just to address Council Member Holman's
question about why we'd want to do this. There was a letter that we
received from the Chamber of Commerce, that said, "For example, a
prohibition on tinted windows and window coverings would not take into
account those storefronts facing the hot western sun. When the afternoon
sun comes through the uncovered windows of many businesses with a
western window exposure, the front areas become so uncomfortable for staff
                                                                      Page 102 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
