                          TRANSCRIPT
my total monthly expenses is less than $400 a month. My investments
there—my rate of return generally has been about 10 percent for the past
20 years. It's an incredible return on my investment. I would encourage
anybody to visit Nicaragua. It's a warm, friendly, embracing place. Before I
go, I'd like to tell the person that's covering for Jim Keene you've done a
fantastic job pitching in for him. I spoke to Jim on the streets of Palo Alto
the other day, and he's recovering. Thanks again for the tremendous effort
that you have put forth.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Go ahead.

Rita Vrhel: Rita Vrhel. I'd like to invite the public to the special City Council
meeting on March 7th, Tuesday, at 6:00 when the important issue of the
2017 and '18 regulations for dewatering during residential basement
construction will be discussed and voted on by the City Council. This will
probably be the accumulation of savepaloaltosgroundwater.org's probably
about a year and a half of work. In February of 2016 we were asked to
present alternative methods of construction which would decrease
groundwater extraction, and we did that. We've worked with Public Works
to formulate reasonable regulations. Some of those were taken out. I'm
hoping that the City Council will settle this issue once and for all by simply
regulating that no extracted groundwater can be put into the storm drains
either in 2017 or 2018. This would protect property owners' rights. They
could build their basement; they just have to figure out what to do with the
groundwater. They can use alternative construction techniques. They can
percolate it back onto their own land. They can have some of it trucked
away for use by others, or they can have the neighbors use the water. They
can schedule construction so that minimal delays occur, which also will
protect the groundwater. This is the community's groundwater. As Keith
said, in 2016 eight projects dumped 140 million gallons of groundwater.
Extracting groundwater compacts soils and sets us up for floods. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:     Thank you.      Jeff Shadoin to be followed by Mehran
Fotovajah.

Jeff Shadoin: Good evening. My name's Jeff Shadoin, and I wanted to
make mention of the Residential Parking Permit program. I live in Evergreen
Park, and I work in Downtown Palo Alto. I just want to be honest; I've
never really had a problem finding a place to park in Evergreen Park, but I
do have some concerns with some of our local doctor offices and them being
able to find places for their patients and also for some of their workers.
Some of my colleagues that I work with currently have access to residential
parking in Downtown Palo Alto, which I think works fairly well. A couple of
concerns with it going to lower-income folks and not being even across the

                                                                         Page 48 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
