                          TRANSCRIPT
provide access to the units themselves. A nice, big, sunny outdoor common
space at the back. We felt like El Camino might not be the best spot for the
assembly area for the neighbors, but we do have those yards in front. This
is a view from El Camino Real showing the 4100 project just to the north.
It's a three-story project. The hotel here to the south. Our project is here
in the center. Staff just showed this, a series of three-story buildings that
actually appear two stories because the third floor is set back. It creates a
third-floor balcony. This is just a diagram that is in your packet, that shows
we could have our building right here on a 10-foot setback under an RM-30
or an RM-15 scenario. If we did, the building would be much, much closer
to the Barron Square project. In this case, this is where we're estimating
the closest Barron Square home or condo to be. We're going to be at least
60, 65 feet away from that back property line. You can see it's a very, very
slight angle. I think it says 11 degrees sight angle. If we plant trees here, I
don't think you'll see much of the building at all if that's their desire. Just
some 3-D views. You can see the terraces; they're two stories in front on El
Camino Real; although, I'm not an opponent to being three stories on El
Camino Real. This is a view from the back. You can see the outdoor spaces.
Another view from the front and so on and so forth. One of the comments
the ARB made was they'd like us to lower it a couple of feet, to get it down a
little bit closer to the sidewalk. Thank you. I look forward to your
discussion. Thanks for the time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Let's see here. A question for Staff. What would
be possible under the State Density Bonus Law?

Mr. Ah Sing: Again, that is a sliding scale. The applicant would have to
have a program where they would be wanting to provide very low, low,
moderate income types of units. It's not a requirement that they do so;
although, the City does require at least—in this case it would be three units
to be affordable. In the case of—depending upon what level of affordability
and the amount of units, they could have up to 35 percent of a density
bonus. In the case of RM-15, that would equate to four additional units. In
the RM-30, that's an additional eight. That's again assuming the maximum,
that they're providing a lot of affordable.

Council Member DuBois: It's been a while since we saw one of these. Under
that, they could pick different forms of exceptions to add additional FAR for
those units. Is that correct?

Mr. Ah Sing: That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: It could either be higher or less setbacks.
                                                                        Page 20 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
