                          TRANSCRIPT
We want to ask you to do that as good neighbors, not because somebody
puts a gun to your head and threatens to take your wallet from you.
Because you know it's the right thing to do." Let's be clear about what we're
asking. We're asking people to park on the far side of El Camino and take a
five-minute walk to get to the office. It's a nice climate here; that's why we
live here or part of the reason. We want everybody to understand that
we're not trying to be adversaries; we're just trying to be good neighbors to
you the way we're asking you to be good neighbors to us. Maybe I'm too
old school. I look at our current political scene and I think maybe principle
doesn't matter anymore. I hope that you folks will disagree with that.
Thank you.

Thank you. Bob Smith to be followed by Neilson Buchanan.

Bob Smith: Good evening, again. Bob Smith, Greer Road. I've worked in
California Avenue for the last 11 years. I've lived in Palo Alto for 35. I had
one of these magic stickers for parking that I gave up a couple of months
ago simply because it wasn't really helping anymore. The parking situation
was so bad that I felt it would be easier just to not have it. The culture at
many of the companies over there, a lot of startup companies, a lot of
lawyers' offices as you know, is devoted to solving the parking problem.
They have various systems. Somebody talked about one system that they
have for making sure they can find parking. People at my office move every
two hours. Every two hours about ten of them get up and walk out and go
move their car to another space, which is its own kind of absurdity because
they're still taking a space of course. They will continue to survive, I'm sure.
Whatever rules you come up with, they'll come up with a solution. Let me
talk about a couple of things, two of which haven't been mentioned, that
might help. One is builder restrictions. The building at Ash and Sherman
that was just completed basically used the entire parking lot across the
street for two years because all the people that were working on that
construction came up with their pickup trucks. I have photos showing all the
guys out there eating their lunch, and the pickup trucks and everything. I
think that is not appropriate. I think the contractors should be required to
bus their people in and find solutions other than taking our parking. The
meter people actually stopped even bothering them. They didn't get tickets.
I know that for a fact. Second point, with permits you have to come—I don't
have time. I do endorse everything that's said about getting more parking
and not permitting these buildings to be built without adequate parking. It's
ridiculous.

Mayor Scharff:   Thank you.    Neilson Buchanan to be followed by Christian
Pease.


                                                                         Page 95 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
