                          TRANSCRIPT
proposal. It was presented to the California Avenue Merchants Association
and the City Council was also invited to hear the proposal. We were pleased
when seven of nine Council Members, who graciously heard our
presentation, all responded positively. This led to a Colleagues' Memo and
later a mandate to create an RPP Program in Evergreen Park. Next, Staff
and residents met several times as the RPP was crafted. I was also present
when Staff did an outreach to the California Avenue Merchants Association.
During this process, the plan has undergone many revisions. Now, you have
before you the final version Staff recommends implementing after many
years of toil. Recently, I was surprised to read an article that demanded
twice as many business permits be sold in our small neighborhood. It said
the neighborhood should be parked up to 75 percent. Let's be clear. 75
percent parked is a commercial parking lot, not a neighborhood. Our family
neighborhood contains a major bike route that serves two grammar schools,
and 75 percent parked just decreases visibility and livability. It defeats the
entire purpose of this program. Also curiously, we have a dental office in
our area that contains a 19-space onsite parking lot. This lot is never full. I
pass it several times a day. It is unfortunate that Staff there always parks in
the neighborhood. It is hoped with the implementation of the RPP, staff will
be allowed to park onsite with the patients parking in the front of the office
and new parking spaces created by two-hour slots that will remove the
campers and Stanford parkers that are presently there. It is my experience
that if you spend more than two hours in a dental chair, perhaps someone
else would drive you home. I pray this dentist will give the program a
chance. Having someone park in front of your house for two hours is far
more desirable than having them park every day all day. Lastly, I ask my
fellow neighbors to stand and show our support for the passing of this Staff-
recommended RPP proposal. We want to thank Staff and Council for taking
this initial step to protect our neighborhood life and acknowledge we are not
merely a convenience for those who willingly under-park their projects,
contributing to horrific parking and traffic congestion, which presently
plagues this City.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Next, we'll have Hillary Bayer, also speaking for
five people. You'll have five minutes.

Hilary Bayer speaking for five people, Andrew Nepomuceno, Jen Bayer,
Robin Bayer, Hilary Hug: Neighbors asked me to come here tonight to
support permit parking. I am here and I do, but I'll be dishonest if I fail to
ask you for what I really want. I've lived in the same house in Evergreen
Park for all of my 17 years.      When I was younger, we had a quiet
neighborhood where people on the street knew each other, where drivers
were neighbors who cared about neighbors, where traffic was light and
consisted of residents, guests and service people. My parents and others
                                                                        Page 80 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
