                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: If I could just interrupt for a moment? I believe we were voting
on the concept of prohibiting the laundry uses on the ground floor on
California and on University. We would like to have a chance to comment
on the language because the section that's being amended here is the
definition section. We don't typically put regulations in definitions. We
would propose some sections where that language …

Council Member Holman: That's fine.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: We just need the language to clean up the
language. It'll be difficult to remember what was done tonight. We want
the concept but not the specific amendment of that language.

Council Member Holman: I did talk with Jonathan about this earlier.
Number 2 is retain the retail service examples. There's just not—is that
acceptable to the maker? It just provides good guidance for the kinds of
things. It's not a self-limiting proposal.

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: Packet Page 429. It's 125, retail services. It
gives a list of such as or including but not limited to. It just gives guidance
to the kinds of things we're looking for. Again, it's not limited. We've
broadened the definition.

Council Member Filseth: I suspect some of these are likely to come up for
further discussion and may go off this list.

Council Member Holman: I'm fine with the Staff saying these aren't
applicable anymore, and we'll delete those. I'm fine with Staff doing that.

Council Member Filseth: I accept that.

Council Member Holman: Tom?

Council Member DuBois: It's actually cleaner without it. I'm sorry. I think
we should vote on this one separately as well. Again, I like the increased
flexibility here about retail changing.

Council Member Holman: Again, Staff was okay with keeping it in earlier
discussion.

Council Member Filseth: I guess I won't accept that, and we should vote
on it.

Mayor Scharff: Is there a second?
                                                                         Page 86 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
