              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                                Special Meeting
                                                              January 28, 2017

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Palo Alto Art
Center Auditorium, 1313 Newell Road, at 9:10 A.M.

Present:    DuBois, Filseth, Fine, Holman, Kniss, Kou, Scharff, Tanaka,
            Wolbach

Absent:

Mayor’s Welcome, Overview of the Day, Retreat Orientation and Discussion
of Future Retreats

Mayor Scharff: Welcome, everyone. Thanks for coming out on a Saturday
morning here. Thank you to Staff for putting all this together. I see all the
jet noise. No jet airplane noise, I'm with you on that, absolutely, 100
percent. Hopefully we're going to have an enjoyable and productive day
today. The first things to do obviously is we're going to hear from the public
on anything you want to speak to that's not on the agenda, and then we're
going to go talk about the National Citizens Survey. Harriet's going to
present to us her findings, and then we're going to have a discussion about
that.    Then, we're going to go through the Council work plan and
performance report and look at that, have lunch, talk about Priority setting,
and then we'll do some wrap-up items. As we go through this—when you
have your binder, I think it's really important to look at the priority projects.
I think what we're trying to get to this year is by the end of the year we
have metrics and we know was it a successful year, did we get done what
we want to get done. What we're looking to do is prioritize all the projects
that we have and say, "What is it at the end of the year we want Staff to
have accomplished? What are the metrics, and what does that look like?"
That's really what's on the board over there. Those are the projects that
Staff identified as what they think are the 21 most important projects out of
the 88 things we have, out of the 1,000 things we probably have, that are
put out there. At some point after we do the Priorities, what we need to do
as a Council is say to Staff, "Those are the right projects that we have, that
we want to make sure happen. Are there other things that we want to make
sure happen before the end of the year? If so, what are they?" For
instance, is there anything on there that we don't want to have happen by
the end of the year? That's really the overview. It's looking for metrics; it's


                                                                         Page 1 of 75
