                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka:      Should we be worried about it or is everything
okay?

Ms. Richardson: We could do more of that. It's just the timeline that I had,
I didn't have enough time (crosstalk).

Council Member Tanaka: The really good thing is you made this available in
Tableau, which is great. I haven't actually had a chance to figure out where
this is in Tableau. I think it's important for us to be transparent, to actually
make the data available online. Not just this data, but all data in general. It
helps build trust among the community. I'm just looking at that. I also saw
that the engagement has been dropping as well in terms of volunteering
hours, in terms of attending meetings, or watching things online. I'm just
trying to understand is there a problem here. I don't know if you have a
comment or opinion about that.

Ms. Richardson: I don't. We did some analysis on some of the questions,
but we'd have to do more work on it to (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: Could I just add something, though? Obviously, we have a lot
of questions in here. Despite the breadth and, in one sense, the depth of
them, they're actually not deep enough. If there are some areas ultimately
where the Council would say, "This is a trend we'd really like to get a better
understanding about," then we're going to have to do more. Let's just take
the issue of trust in government or whatever at the City level. We need to
cross-tabulate that with trust in State government, trust in the national
government, how do people see how the—whatever it is. To be able to start
to parse out to what extent this is Palo Alto-specific versus other factors.
Ultimately, there may be three or four things in the course of any given year
that the Council may say, "This is a trend we would really like to understand
more about."

Council Member Tanaka: I agree. I'm not thinking we should jump to
conclusions. I've known some other cities, like the City of LA, has decided to
put all of the natural data at transaction level online because they wanted to
build trust among the community. I'm just trying to understand if that's
something that we should consider? I think it's definitely good to know how
this benchmarks against other cities. Next question is on 21 on this book
here. I noticed that Palo Alto spent about $946 per capita. Sunnyvale
spends $414 per capita. Do you know why we're the highest in the area?

Mr. Keene: (crosstalk) on the same page.

Council Member Tanaka: It's Page 21. I don't know if you guys have this
slide up there.
                                                                          Page 25 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
