                          TRANSCRIPT
a lot of places, small lot consideration like on El Camino would be a really
good thing. I think it's unfortunate we seem to have all of these in the SOFA
II area. I'm not quite sure what to do with this frankly.

Ms. Campbell: I'd like to read you the program language, if that's okay.
Amend the Zoning Code to create zoning incentives that encourage the
consolidation of smaller lots identified as the housing inventory sites and
developed with 100-percent affordable housing projects. Incentives may
include development review streamlining, reduction in required parking for
smaller units, or graduated density when consolidated lots are over 1/2 acre.
Adopt amendments as appropriate, provide information regarding zoning
incentives to developers. That's H-2.1.9 Program.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Mayor
Scharff, if I could just add a little color to this. Hillary Gitelman, the
Planning Director. I wanted to recall back to when we were working on the
Housing Element. This wasn't really an idea that we came up with when we
were drafting the Housing Element. It was something that the State Office
of Housing and Community Development asked us to put into our Housing
Element. This was like the one program that they wanted to see before they
would certify our Housing Element. I think all of us understood at that time
they were asking for something that was going to be a little hard. It was
going to be a little difficult. They luckily were okay with the way we wrote it
where it's an incentive program for simply projects that 100-percent
affordable. They could have asked us to write this program to incentivize
any housing development on these lots. By asking for it to 100-percent
affordable project, I think they allowed us to set a pretty high bar. I know
there's some fear that we're pulling a thread and the whole thing will
unravel. Between us here, we see this as a modest program. It may help
someone who's already got a gleam in their eye about redeveloping one or
more of these sites, but it's unlikely to have a dramatic impact on the
assessment of a property owner about whether to pursue redevelopment of
one of these small sites. I don't know if that makes you feel any better, but
it's something we kind of got pushed into.

Mayor Scharff: It makes me feel a little better. I guess the question is we
can take some of these sites off our housing opportunity sites if we add
something else. For instance, if we said on the Fry's site instead of 600
units, we want—I don't know what we have right there now, but say 500 or
600—say, 700 units or 750, then we could remove all of these small
opportunity sites in SOFA that we might have concerns about. Would that
be correct?



                                                                        Page 81 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
