                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: I'll speak to my second. The Vice Mayor has a good
point that most of the controls here have been studied in the context of
Downtown and to some extent Cal. Ave. One of the problems we have with
retail in our City is that there are certain vacancies because they are not
great retail locations. This Ordinance will suddenly expand them to the
entire City in areas where we haven't studied them. It would be best to limit
it to Downtown for the moment. If we do want to explore other retail
preservation strategies outside of Downtown, that may be appropriate.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I will not support that because what you're doing is
protecting Downtown with the retail space. It's just going to move it to the
other location, which is going to be California Avenue.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate the intention, I think, but I can't
support it either. I just want to remind folks that the Midtown Shopping
Center just sold. There's going to be a lot of change there. If we don't have
retail protections there, we're going to lose a lot of retail there. I can't
support it. What keeps coming to my mind is we can't save what is lost.
That's just matter of fact. You can't save what is lost. If we pass this
amendment and don't pass the Ordinance in its entirety, we're going to lose
a lot.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no other lights, vote on the board. That fails on a 6-
3 Motion with Council Members Kniss, Tanaka and Fine voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Fine, Kniss, Tanaka yes

Mayor Scharff: I have a couple of Amendments, I guess. The first one is as
Vance Brown was talking tonight about automotive services. I think that's
really unfair the way the automotive services get caught up in this. I'm
going to move that we eliminate "K" on Packet Page 430.

Council Member Filseth: I'll probably vote in favor of that, but I think we
should vote on it separately.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Mayor Scharff: We can come back to it. I'm doing one at a time.

Council Member Fine: I'll support removing "K."

Mayor Scharff: You'll second it?
                                                                     Page 111 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/13/17
