                          TRANSCRIPT
Mike Nolan: Thanks. I've lived in Midtown since 1979. I just want to point
out that I want to thank the Midtown Residents Association, I guess, in
general for being there and Sheri specifically for being there. Having her
and that group there really adds to the quality of our life in Midtown and
helps maintain some sort of fabric there. Thank you, Sheri. I really
appreciate your service. I guess I also—iterating what Annette said, I'd like
to say I appreciate you folks for recognizing Sheri and by that recognizing
the importance of these community organizations and these networks of
citizens in the various neighborhoods. It's really important to us. It's
important to maintain that fabric of what I've come to think of as Palo Alto.
I know there's differences of opinion about ways things should be done. The
fact that you're here and willing to listen to these groups and to citizens like
myself, I really appreciate it. Thank you, and thanks, Sheri. Thanks a lot.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, onto the next Item.

4.    This item will be heard on February 13, 2017.

5.    Presentation of Accreditation of the Urban Forestry Program by the
      Society of Municipal Arborists.

Mayor Scharff: Item Number 5, presentation of the accreditation of the
Urban Forestry program by the Society of Municipal Arborists.

Gordon Mann, Society of Municipal Arborists: Good evening, Honorable
Mayor and City Council. Thank you for the opportunity to recognize your
Urban Forestry program. My name is Gordon Mann, and I represent the
Society of Municipal Arborists, the SMA, which is the international
professional association for urban forestry. I'm here to recognize and
present the SMA Urban Forestry program accreditation to the City of Palo
Alto's Urban Forestry program. I've had the pleasure to professionally meet
and work with Walter Passmore on the California Urban Forest Advisory
Council, and I have known Dave Dockter, Steve Scott and Dave Sandage
and some of your other employees for many years through our professional
activities. I'm sure you have pride in your program and Staff members
caring for the trees in Palo Alto. The SMA accreditation is the highest
recognition for municipal Urban Forestry programs.           To obtain this
recognition, the agency's program must meet seven requirements. Have at
least one ISA-certified arborist on staff with an ISA-certified municipal
specialist preferred; you have ten. Have a local forest Master Plan approved
by the appropriate local body; you have your Urban Forest Master Plan
adopted in 2015. Be a current Tree City USA, and this must be attained
annually to maintain your accreditation; Palo Alto has been a Tree City USA
for 29 years. Have received a Tree City USA growth award in at least one of

                                                                          Page 18 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
