                         TRANSCRIPT
this week of Vino Locale, who are also one of the appellants here. This is
standing on the front steps of Vino Locale, showing that cars can barely get
by one another. The owner of Vino Locale, JC Andrade, told me that if he
just stands out there long enough these cars keep hitting their side mirrors
against each other. It's just a demolition derby all day long. Putting a big
building with in-and-out traffic on the corner will just make this worse.
Michaela Dieffenbach who has also appeared here before you is against this
building. She says that it's going to—the traffic will destroy her business
here as well as the construction. She owns Stapleton Flowers or Michaela's
Flowers. Then, we have the big, massive wall that will be right across the
street from Yoga Works. The peaceful entrance of Yoga Works destroyed by
the 4 1/2-story, massed building along the alleyway and the in-and-out
traffic. I will save the rest of my short presentation for the summary. What
I'd like to do is have you ask me questions. I've been dealing with this for 2
1/2 years. I know it backwards and forwards. I've become an expert in
Municipal Code, Downtown Development Guidelines, things that I never
thought that I would have to learn before. Again, what we'll talk about in
the summary is some of the ways forward hopefully. I don't think this is the
appropriate way with which to deal with this. Unfortunately the applicants
have stonewalled every attempt of working together. I have attended every
ARB meeting for the past 2 1/2 years. I've attended every meeting with the
architect, and I've met with the applicant multiple times. It is true I asked
not to meet with the applicant again because I've been so harassed and
harangued, been called names, that I did not want to go through that again.
That was my reason that I told Council Member Tanaka that I did not want
to go through that again. Thank you very much for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we'll go to the applicant. Applicant's team
will have 10 minutes.

Timothy Kassouni, Attorney for the Applicant: Good evening, Honorable
Mayor Scharff and fellow City Council Members. My name is Timothy
Kassouni of the firm Kassouni Law. I represent the project applicant, Kipling
Post LP. My full comments are contained in my two letters from January
30th and my most recent letter of February 2nd. As will be explained, the
appeal should be denied and Option 3 of the project approved.              My
comments will be followed by those of the project architect wherein the
specific details of the design will be explained. As you can see here, there's
four primary legal aspects to be considered by the City Council. The first is
a taking, which I'll get into a moment. Second is the City has illegally
granted the appellant de facto veto power over the project's design. What
you'll see here on the bottom is the original, approved design by the ARB.
On the top is the Option 3 before the City Council right now. The question
that anybody of a reasonable mind might ask is why is the top project being
                                                                        Page 35 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
