                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kou: One more question. There was this phrase on Staff
Report Page 14; it says "confusion and/or aggressive driving." It leads me
to this question. How do you measure close calls or near collisions or
undocumented collisions?     I've had a chance to experience also that
sometimes police are called for a collision but the drivers exchange driver's
licenses and then they go their separate ways and there's no report
documented. How do you count those into your data?

Mr. Mello: That's why we look at patterns; we don't look at sheer numbers.
A pattern would generally be the same among reported and unreported
collisions. There's nothing that leads us to believe that the unreported
collisions that the residents have been documenting have different causal
factors than the reported collisions. We're really looking at the pattern and
what's causing the collisions, not necessarily how many there are, the
volume.

Council Member Kou: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'm going to—since we had a football weekend—take the
ball and run with it if possible. First I want to say a particular thank you to
you, Josh, and your team and to all of you here tonight who are affected by
that road. I have spent a great deal of time there, both with Staff watching
what happens, particularly with John Guislin and others, who I've met with
in the audience, nodding their heads. This is a particularly bad stretch of
road in our community. Many, many times, thank you all for sending me the
pictures, frankly, as soon as it happens. It would pop up on my phone. As
was said, they haven't been severe. What they have been is a constant
interruption in the flow of traffic. At some point, one of them will be severe.
I think this is one of those times when the residents have really come
forward and said, "We need some relief." Staff has met with them now for
at least a year if not a year and a half, stakeholder meetings and so forth.
The Motion that I'm going to read is on Page 167, which says "review the
alternate plans." I am going to move that we recommend 7A for Middlefield
Road between the Menlo Park limits and Forest Avenue and so forth; amend
the fiscal year Budget. That has both "A" and "B" to it, which will flash up
here on the board. Then, find that this is exempt from the environmental
review. I'll pause and see if there's a second.

Council Member Fine: I'll second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Fine to:


                                                                        Page 67 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
