                          TRANSCRIPT
Downtown employee permits for low-income workers will be sold beginning
April 2nd. All employees in the district will be eligible to purchase permits
starting April 9th.     For Evergreen/Mayfield, employee permits will be
available in three phases as follows. Employees on the waiting list for
parking lots and garages in the area were eligible to purchase permits
beginning last week. Secondly, low-income workers will be eligible to
purchase permits beginning March 26. All other employees will be eligible to
purchase permits beginning April 9th. It's at that point the City will be able
to fully evaluate the concerns and requests for additional permits specific to
medical and dental professionals in the area of that RPP district area. There
were apparently some serious issues with the website people used to
purchase permits the first couple of days. We think most of those issues
have been resolved. There's still some fine tuning underway. I ask the
Council if you hear otherwise to pass those comments onto us. Our
consultant will be stationed at the customer service counter on the first floor
in City Hall during business hours to help people who are having difficulty, if
they're having it, purchasing permits online. We'll bring back up support as
needed. They've also committed to allocate the resources necessary to
promptly return email and voicemail to their customer service phone number
and email box. During this same period, contractors will be busy installing
signs out in the field. Staff has sent a survey to Southgate residents
regarding establishment of an RPP Program in their neighborhood. Staff will
also be hosting a business open house for employees in the Evergreen
Park/Mayfield district on March 22nd and one for employees in the
Downtown district on March 29th. We know there's a lot going on. We ask
Council Members again to help steer constituents to our website and to
defuse some of the anxiety out there. Everything will be okay. I wanted to
share an update on significant structure fires we've had in the past 10 days,
a really bizarre situation. We've had four structure fires in the past 10 days,
which is about what we have in an entire year typically. First of all,
March 10th, Friday, at Town and Country Village a two-alarm structure fire
occurred at Jamba Juice, and the fire burned a rear storage area but didn't
extend to other businesses. All businesses were able to continue operating
by Saturday morning. Secondly, on Saturday, March 11th, at the Stanford
Medical School building a three-alarm structure fire and hazardous materials
incident occurred in the research lab attached to the hospital. A total of 61
firefighters from fire departments in Santa Clara and San Mateo Counties
responded to the incident. This is the most significant incident on Stanford
in the last 44 years. Third, on Saturday, March 18th, a one-alarm structure
fire burned a bedroom and attic of a two-story home in Midtown on Toyon
Place. The family was displaced because of the fire. Yesterday, on March
19th, a two-alarm structure fire burned an attic area and roof of a single
home on Seale Avenue in Old Palo Alto neighborhood. The family was
displaced. All of these incidents are unrelated and under investigation.
                                                                             Page 3 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
