                          TRANSCRIPT
employee parking as evenly as possible throughout the district. We're
recommending a 2-hour time limit similar to the Downtown program with no
re-parking. You could not re-park within one of the employee parking zones
on the same day. You could not stay longer than 2 hours in one of those
employee parking zones. We're recommending a little bit different as far as
enforcement; this is based on feedback from the residents as well as the
PTC. Instead of ending enforcement at 5:00 p.m. as we do in the Downtown
RPP, we're recommending extending enforcement to 6:00 p.m. Annual
resident parking permit stickers. Each household would be eligible for one
free resident permit parking sticker and then two more at $50 each.
Residents would also be eligible to purchase two annual hangtags that could
be transferred between visitors at $50 each and 50 daily scratchers per
year. Employee permit parking stickers. We're recommending a cap of 250
employee parking permits districtwide. These would be sold at $149 each,
which is the same price as a garage lot permit for the Cal. Ave. Business
District. We've modified the allotment of permits based on feedback we got
from residents and the PTC. We're recommending 75 permits be sold in
Zone A, 50 in Zone B, and 125 in Zone C. Zone B includes the area closest
to Cal. Ave. north of the Cal. Ave. Business District. This is where we see a
lot of the density of employee parking. We think we'd have a lower permit
number in that particular employee parking zone. We're recommending
giving priority to people that are already on the garage and parking lot wait
lists for the Cal. Ave. Business District. There's roughly 300 people that are
currently on that wait list; it's gone up since the Report was drafted. We
would also give priority to low-income employees and offer them a $50 low-
income permit per year. Employees would also be eligible to buy unlimited
daily scratchers at $5 each. Those are for employees that don't drive to
work every day, but they may need a parking pass occasionally. We're
recommending a cap of 250 employee annual permits, as I mentioned. I
have a table that explains this a little bit further into the presentation. With
a 35 percent permit holder show rate—the show rate is at a given point in
time, how many permit holders do we expect to show up. This is based on
data that we have from the Downtown RPP. Roughly 30-40 percent of
employee permit holders show up at any given point in time. Just because
we make 250 permits available, that does not mean that 250 people will
show up every day, on a Monday, on a Wednesday. With this show rate,
this represents 15 percent of the available overnight capacity. If you
remember, we use the overnight capacity to attempt to ascertain how much
of the space is being occupied by residents. As I said, the garage wait list is
currently at 250, 300 people. It's closer to 300 today. When we wrote the
Staff Report, it was about 250. We're not recommending an employee
parking permit reduction at this time, but we could certainly consider one
after the 1-year pilot program. We're also not recommending eligibility
areas. We do think that Old Palo Alto and Ventura may experience some
                                                                         Page 77 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
