                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Do you want me to make the Motion first or
something?

Mayor Scharff: No. I was going to say the Option—I don't really want to get
into the different options we could do of what that looks like if we're going to
come back with a separate Ordinance. If you're going to make …

Council Member DuBois: No, I think it belongs in the Comp Plan so I'm
going to speak to that. There's a lot of things in here that get implemented
in Ordinances. The Comp Plan is just the start. I believe this needs to be in
the Comp Plan. It captured a lot of what we set out as our goals. I don't
think we can say it's a failure since it's never been used. We've never hit
the limit yet. Again, there was a suggestion of first-in-first-out, but that
makes no sense. It was really focused on getting higher-quality projects
similar to a process that Mountain View uses. My Substitute Motion would
be for the annual limit—that we would go with Option 2 including the
Stanford proposal of an additional 50,000 feet for the Research Park with the
ability for them to roll that over. I think the one thing that was missing was
up to the cap of the amount of available space in the Research Park.

Council Member Holman: I'll second if the maker is not accepting that, of
course. I'll second.

AMENDMENT:          Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to replace Part B of the Motion with, “Policy L-1.14 would
perpetuate the interim annual limit of 50,000 square feet of Office/R&D and
expand it to apply citywide, except that an additional 50,000 square footage
allocation would be provided for the Stanford Research Park (SRP), and that
allocation could be carried forward to future years if unused, up to the
existing allowable square footage in the SRP. Stanford University Medical
Center (SUMC) would be exempt from the annual limit. This exemption could
be clarified to apply only to approved uses only if desired.”

Council Member DuBois: Again, just to speak to this real quickly. Pulling
any one of these out and saying, "We'll just implement it as an ordinance,"
the Comp Plan goes through an implementation cycle, and we will implement
them as Ordinances. Nothing prevents us from replacing the Emergency
Ordinance. It's kind of a separate process from the Comp Plan. The
extensive discussion we've had about this process with the annual—I kind of
(inaudible) calling it a limit. We've rarely hit 50,000. I think Liz said in 30
years we've rarely hit it. It was really to prioritize projects and encourage
higher-quality development. That's key to the Comp Plan. It's what the
Comp Plan's about.
                                                                         Page 48 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
