                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka: I'm going to agree with the Vice Chair on this.
This is kind of a generic plan. Palo Alto has many different types of retail.
We have Downtown; we have Cal. Ave.; we have Midtown; we have El
Camino, Stanford Shopping Center. They're all very different. We have this
generic plan, which I don't think is actually good for all of them. This needs
to be well thought out. I support the spirit of it, but the way it has been
implemented is flawed.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: In an effort to get broader consensus for this
motion, which I am going to support, I'd like to explore another amendment
if possible. To have this come back to Council on a biennial basis for review.
Every 2 years it comes back. If there have been unintended consequences
as a result of this, if it turns out that we're actually hurting retail as opposed
to helping it as a result of this Ordinance, we'll have an opportunity to make
those tweaks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach needs a second.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'll second it. That's what we should be doing.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to bring this Ordinance back to
Council for review on a biennial basis.”

Mayor Scharff:     Council Member Kniss, do you want to speak to your
second?

Vice Mayor Kniss: No.

Mayor Scharff: Anyone want to speak to this Motion? I had some lights
before. I'm going to clear the board. If no one wants to speak to it, we can
vote. People do want to speak. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: What we are voting on is only what's on the board
right here?

Mayor Scharff: First we have to speak to the Amendment. Council Member
DuBois. Sorry, I thought you …

Council Member Holman: I didn't get an answer to my question.

Mayor Scharff: I didn't hear. What was the question?


                                                                         Page 119 of 127
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/13/17
