                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: We'll come back to it. We can decide if we want to continue
on the Land Use Element. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: My question was along the lines of Council
Member Wolbach's question. When you say we can come back to it, why
would we not—I'm trying to get some clarity here. Would we not continue
land use and transportation tonight?

Mayor Scharff: That might be a separate Motion. I need to talk to Director
Gitelman about that issue, about where we are on that. Right now, the
Motion is to continue the draft Transportation Element to a date uncertain.
If you could vote on the board.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Scharff: We have a schedule that we need to get done. I don't know
how many more comments people have on the Land Use Element. They
would only be commenting on the policies and goals. I would rather finish
that tonight, unless there's huge amounts. I suggest that we try and go to
11:30. If it goes beyond that—there's not that many policies and goals left
on this Land Use Element. We've discussed almost every point. I'm not
going to entertain stuff we've already discussed. It has to be something that
we didn't hit. We can't go back to items that we've already gone through on
that long list. If there are items that we have not discussed in here, that are
policies or goals, or frankly if you want to argue that a program should be a
policy in some way, I would entertain that as well. I think that would only
be fair. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'm going to move that we continue the Land Use
Element to a date to be determined. Reason being that I'm not prepared to
know how to comment on the other things given what we did earlier this
evening.

Council Member DuBois: I'd second that.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to continue the Land Use Element to a date uncertain.

Mayor Scharff: That's fair enough. Let's vote on the board.

Council Member Filseth: Can I comment on it first?

Mayor Scharff: Sure. Anyone can comment. I didn't mean to …

Council Member Filseth:       That makes a lot of sense to me actually,
particularly that we just said we're going to take half an hour. If we're only
                                                                       Page 107 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
