                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: The question is you want to ask the applicant on Option 3 …

Council Member Tanaka: Yeah. If we stood on Kipling, on the other side of
the street from this project, on the sidewalk at ground level, could we see
the fourth floor?

Mayor Scharff: I will allow the applicant to answer the question.

Elizabeth Wong, Applicant: That answer can be—we can estimate by looking
at the real model. I also want to tell you on Options 1 and 3 the building is
three stories high. There's no way to see the fourth story, because the
fourth story is 39 feet from the property line on Kipling Street. The only
thing that you see from Kipling Street is the elevator, and the glass structure
next to the elevator is the landing from the third floor to the fourth floor,
which we moved from the corner back 11 feet so that it would be less visible
to the passerby. Basically, the Options 1 and 3 are identical on Kipling
Street. The difference, if I could say only difference maybe with a little
range of error, is that the difference from Option 1 and Option 3 is that we
added the residential square footage on the fourth floor on the west side of
the building. We cannot make that building any shorter. It is three stories
on Kipling. This was done in deference to the appellant. We also made the
structure for the elevator glass because the approved version was concrete,
and he complained that the concrete was too much in his face. We moved
the building on the alley side 10 feet away from the alley at that corner,
again, to give him relief as he walked south on Kipling Street. Basically, the
only way to get rid of the elevator to make it truly three-stories high is to
get rid of the elevator. I'm not really sure that by Code you're allowed to
have a floor where you cannot access by handicap rules. I'm pretty sure
that you cannot eliminate the elevator to that floor, because then there
would be—handicapped people cannot get to that floor. If you're going to
have a fourth floor, then you're going to need the elevator. We did not
pursue Option 1 because, after giving up 3,000 square feet of
residential/office space, the appellant wrote to Jodie Gerhardt that is that all
she's doing. If that's all she's doing, then let's put the square footage back,
and let's put it away from Kipling so that he would not be able to see it.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Council Member Tanaka: I just wanted to ask Staff. I'm not an architect …

Male: Could I be recognized just one moment? I was a resident on Kipling
…

Mayor Scharff: Nope, nope, nope.

                                                                           Page 66 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/6/17
