                          TRANSCRIPT
of the Plan to indicate the relative cost and priority of each. I'm suggesting
that we take a strong stance on—if I get a second, I'll …

Vice Mayor Kniss: I gave it three times.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Fine to direct Staff to remove from the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan
Update, all Programs from the Land Use Element, not required by State Law
to be taken up at future dates as policy discussions and use the
implementation section of the Plan to indicate the relative cost and priority
of each Program.

Council Member Wolbach: I got a second. You seconded it already.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually Kniss had already seconded it. To speak
to it briefly. A lot of us, Council Member DuBois, myself, others …

Mayor Scharff: Wait. It's all programs in the land use section, because
that's not in the Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Remove all programs from the Land Use Element.
Let me ask the Director. Are there any Land Use Element programs which
are legally required under State Ordinance?

Ms. Gitelman: I'll have to go through them carefully.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me amend this a little bit. Remove all
programs from the Land Use Element not required by State law, to be taken
up at future dates as further policy decisions and open to tweaking the
language. The idea is to trim the Comprehensive Plan substantially, starting
with this element. We talk a lot about wanting to see a shorter, cleaner,
simpler, more usable document. When you think about the success of the
United States Constitution, part of its beauty is that it's simple, it's concise.
It provides general policy direction, is not overly prescriptive. As I was
going through this document looking at all the programs, I found a
tremendous number, which I thought were questionable, that I thought
needed further discussion. I knew we weren't going to have time to have all
that discussion tonight. It's almost 10:30. This is not the first time that
we've talked about this element. The programs that have been presented to
Council, many of them are interesting. I support maybe the majority of
them. I appreciate the work that the CAC has done in providing them to us.
They've framed future discussions. They will help frame the discussions that
we'll have over the period and lifecycle of this Comprehensive Plan. I don't
                                                                         Page 96 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
