                          TRANSCRIPT
would just say the overall system just makes it so. Bob Moss a few seconds
ago saying that new housing won't fund its own infrastructure, that's not
really true. The overall average includes the fact that so many residents are
subsidized through Prop 13. New houses pay for more than their share. He
does a make case. Prop 13 limits how much every bit we allocate land can
fund itself. This is large, structural changes that really we need to work with
Sacramento to fix. I appreciate the challenge to all of us, but I just think we
have to look at new solutions. Thank you for your time. Option 6 is
obviously the best of what we have here, but it is clearly not enough. Thank
you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Grant Dasher to be followed by Betty Jo.

Grant Dasher: Hello. I'm Grant; I live in Midtown. I wanted to make two
quick points. First, on this implementation plan debate, I never really
understood exactly why so much political energy was being wasted on this
on both sides. It really distressed me, the whole debate. It felt more like
national politics than it did like local politics that I like. I'm glad we seem to
have come to kind of a compromise to defuse this as a political issue. It felt
really more like a political issue than a policy issue. I'm really quite
heartened to see some sort of stand-down on that front. On the substance
of the policy here tonight, even though we are addressing a descriptive
question, the question here is not how many housing units should we build,
but rather how many housing units do we think the policies that we're
setting out will build. I do think it has a normative component to it that
can't be overlooked, which is to say these Comp Plan policies are pretty
vague, like everyone will use them to justify whatever their preconceived
growth plans are regardless of what they say. The assumptions that we
state, that we are purporting to believe in, in the EIR demonstrate what we
want the Comp Plan to mean. I would strongly encourage the Council to
adopt at least the 6,000 unit growth proposal from Scenario 6. To Vice
Mayor Kniss' point that maybe it's over overly aggressive, that's probably
true historically. If we really are serious about densifying Cal. Ave. and the
Downtown areas to support housing growth, it's a pretty reasonable number,
especially compared with, say, North Bayshore in Mountain View, where I
work, which is proposing 10,000 units over their planning window. There is
a normative impact to what we choose in the EIR, even though it's just a
descriptive decision. I would encourage the Council to support going big on
housing since we've said politically that's what we want to do, but the details
matter.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Betty Jo to be followed by Tiffany Griego.



                                                                              Page 29 of 91
                                                               Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 03/20/17
