                          TRANSCRIPT
me of the many Trump supporters who, in the face of the Women's March,
derided the concerns of millions of people worldwide and advised us all just
to calm down, just calm down. The Mayor needs to immediately agendize a
public discussion on this very important issue because your public futures
are really at stake. Further, Council Member Tanaka should recuse himself
from the discussion on 429 University. He accepted campaign donations
from the applicant who directly stands to financially benefit from his vote.
This is a direct violation of the rules of ethics. He has protested that he
returned the money, but the appearance of a bribe is pretty straightforward
and should never have been accepted if the Council Member wished to avoid
the appearance of corruption. It's not really good enough to return it after
you've used it to be elected. I would hope the City Council would hold its
members to a higher standard than the Trump administration. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Vito Borgunova.

Vita Borgunova: Hello. I would like to welcome new members to the City
Council. Sometimes it might look like all what you're dealing with is
developers, unions, and special interests. Of course, they are here to
maximize their profits, their clients' profit, and advance their agenda. It's
their job. They are not your bosses. We need you to represent us, people
who live, work, and raise their families in Palo Alto. We elected you to
protect our interests. Even when we're not here, we do care about what's
going on. It just happens that we have jobs, we have families to take care
of. It's our free time when we come here to speak to you and write you
letters. Please don't allow them to just write us off as a few people. It's not
few people. It's just people who took time off their work, took time from
their family and their kids to come here and speak.             It means that
something extraordinary is happening when we feel compelled to do that. I
applaud Council Members who are careful about accepting donations from
special interests. It allows them to influence you and (inaudible) that now
more than ever citizens are paying attention to what's going on in any
government level. We've already gotten an infamous developer in the White
House and his advisor with a backup New Zealand citizenship. People woke
up to the fact that politics do affect our lives and our work. It's starting with
local politics. I don't think that we're all ready to move to New Zealand, so
we are watching. We are with you when you have to fight for the good of
the community. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I did want to just announce that if anyone was
here for the Stanford GUP, we did move that to the end of the meeting. If
you wanted to speak now on the Stanford GUP, I'd actually be happy to
listen to you now, so you didn't have to wait for the whole next Item, for


                                                                          Page 19 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
