                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach:         I'd like to suggest a couple of friendly
amendments. In "A" and in "D," I'd like to suggest that we change the word
"pursue" to "explore." It's a subtle change. I think Stanford—if they have
anyone here, I think they do. We could ask them. It would give us that
flexibility without being as prescriptive. I'm certainly in favor of having a
thorough pursuing, but I think "explore" just leaves it a little bit more open.

Council Member Fine: I'm looking for another way to say yes, I'd support
that.

Mayor Scharff: We're now changing …

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in Parts A and D of the Motion,
“pursue” with “explore.”

Council Member Wolbach:      That was accepted.    On "A" and "D," "pursue"
becomes "explore."

Mayor Scharff: In "A," it becomes "explore" too?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. The two words that are currently in bold,
let's change those to "explore." Where it said the "western part of the
Stanford Research Park" is probably a little confusing. Actually, we could get
rid of that western part now because the new "B" is all encompassing of all
of the Stanford Research Park. I'd actually recommend that in "D" after
"SUMC" put a period and get rid of the rest if the maker and seconder …

Council Member Fine: Accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from Motion Part D, “and/or in the
western part of the Stanford Research Park.”

Council Member Wolbach: Just to clean it up. Aside from that … I would
actually suggest adding something to "A," which is to—where it would say
"provided adequate parking and vibrant retail is maintained." It's unlikely,
as we just heard, to see conversion, but I want to make sure that if any
housing were to be added in the future at the shopping center, it would be in
addition to the strong retail center that (crosstalk) …

Council Member Fine: Agreed.

Council Member Wolbach: … important to City finances.

Council Member Fine: Yes.
                                                                        Page 69 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
