                         TRANSCRIPT
National Research Center doesn't provide historical data on the
demographics, so this is just what you have for this year. These are the "D"
questions in the Citizens Survey at the very back of the report. What you
see is most of our respondents are 35 and older. We have more females
who respond than males. We actually have a lot fewer residents who have
children in the home, who respond to the survey. Annual income, you can
see that's spread fairly evenly across the board; although, the lowest
bracket of income has the highest response rate to this survey. Monthly
housing costs, you see a spread where the highest percentages are at the
lowest end of the housing cost, which are most likely residents who have
lived here for a long time or people with costs of $5,000 or more. We also
have a lot more respondents who own homes. We have a fair amount of
respondents who have lived in Palo Alto for fewer than 5 years as well as
ones who have lived here for 20 years or longer. This next chart deals with
the quality of life questions in the survey. There are seven quality of life
questions. What I've done on this one is a little bit different is I gave you
the results for 2016, but I included some sparklines on the right side so that
you can kind of see the trends for the past 10 years. That includes 2006
through 2016. Palo Alto as a place to visit wasn't asked in the earlier years;
that's why you only see the 3 years of data, the three data points there.
What you see is a fair amount of up and down over the years. The last 3
years, you see more of a consistent downward trend for most of those
questions. Throughout the rest of the presentation here, when I'm talking
about the Citizens Survey and the Performance Report, I've done a
comparison mostly for the last 5 years. The reason I've done that is you
don't tend to see a lot of change from one year to the next, but you do tend
to see some change over time. It's important in the survey that they
compare last year to this year and say are we similar or different, is the
rating higher or lower. You see a lot more similar than you see of anything
else. As you start looking back over time, like in the last graph where you
look at those sparklines, you see a lot more change than you did from one
year to the next. Starting with capital expenditures, you can see some
increase in the Enterprise Fund capital expenditures, which a lot has to do
with infrastructure.     Then, you see a decrease in general capital
expenditures. Both of those have to do with infrastructure, but one is
Enterprise Funds, one non-Enterprise. Jim was just reminding me that a lot
of that was the completion of the big library bond project. Starting with the
built environment, the first fact that the National Research Center
categorizes responses by. We're talking about Pavement Condition Index.
The interesting thing about this is the City made a concerted effort a few
years back to improve the Pavement Condition Index, and it has improved
from 73 to 79. We're right on the verge of jumping over from good into
excellent and very good. I'm expecting that next year you will see that
change. This we take from the Metropolitan Transportation Commission's
                                                                        Page 11 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
