                          TRANSCRIPT
building things and making blankets. For instance, the Barron Park Kids
Club collected pet food and supplies, as well did the animal welfare group of
St. Francis High School. Every year, the Oshman JCC, Jordan Middle School
also sponsor us for their days of service. One of my favorite examples is
when an 11-year-old boy named Hunter McCann, a patient of Pediatric
Therapy Clinic, held a bake sale. He made it his mission to donate the
proceeds to us, even though he was sick himself. One last thing. For as
long as I can remember, every Saturday a sweet gentleman named Ronald
Lehman would drop off a brown bag full of veggies. He does this every
Saturday. He says the vegetables are for our rabbits. Just want to thank
them all, and thank you all for the opportunity to speak.

Mayor Scharff: Beth Rosenthal to be followed by David Moss.

Beth Rosenthal: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. My
name is Beth Rosenthal. I'm a 40-plus year resident of Palo Alto, and I also
have a psychology practice in the City. I was appalled at the way last
week's Council meeting was conducted. The Comprehensive Plan, which
many people have been working on for years, was eviscerated. Council
Member Wolbach's comment to use the Plan like the U.S. Constitution
suggests that it would contain a set of principles. The implementation of
which would be subject to interpretation with each new Council and every
project subject to review. The point of developing the Plan was to have
guidelines in place to address ongoing issues such as architectural design,
development standards, and manageable growth to name just a few. To
have this effort scrapped by what appeared to be a voting block on the
Council was shocking to me. I was also puzzled that Mayor Scharff agreed
with Council Member Wolbach that the aesthetic requirement, when it came
to approving new construction in the Downtown area, was unnecessary but
felt that housing should not be added to the Town and Country development
because they had done such a good job there. Why do aesthetics apply to
one project and not to another? Doesn't aesthetic quality in terms of
buildings that surround us enhance our quality of life? The democratic
process is ponderous, but what comes out of it is thoughtful decision-making
that withstands the test of time. This is what I hoped to see reflected in the
actions of the City Council. I did not see that last week, and I hope that that
is an exception in the way the Council functions rather than the rule. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. David Moss to be followed by Cheryl Lilienstein.

David Moss: I want to piggy back on what Beth Rosenthal just said. I was
dismayed to see the inner workings of the City Council splayed all over the
newspaper in a polarizing "us against them" manner. The idea that we have

                                                                         Page 17 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
