                          TRANSCRIPT
Fort Collins, Colorado. How do we get that kind of vital downtown that
you've got? Don't ruin it, please. I know you care deeply. You want to do
the right thing. This Ordinance isn't ready. In fact, I don't think this
Ordinance is necessary. That's what everybody has been telling you. If you
must continue to look at it, please send it back to a really careful,
collaborative cross-sector study discussion, the way it was done in 2009.
That would really, really get you something that would protect the retail, not
harm it. Thanks very much.

Mayor Scharff: John McNellis to be followed by Lund Smith.

John McNellis: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Sitting here for an
hour and a half reminds me that the nine of you have a really tough job. I
would like to thank you. I don't think City Council’s get enough praise and
gratitude for everything you do for us in a city. It is a difficult decision. I
think I would really like to just second Michael Alcheck's Motion and restudy
this. I think we should have a blue ribbon panel. What you have before
you, unfortunately, is fatally flawed. I could give you chapter and verse or I
could just point out a couple of things. I called Yoga Source; I called Yoga
Works. They agreed they'd go broke if they only could have 15 students in a
class. Just a small thing. Retail basements haven't worked since 1950.
Nobody warehouses onsite anymore. Forget about basements. The glazing,
some of you remember—and signage—when I last came before you with
Alma Village. You let me get away—we had to cover those windows. Every
retailer, you heard John say—clear glass is lovely for planters. It's lovely for
architects. It's lovely for portfolio pictures, but it's not what helps retailers.
What we really need to do, if we're going to do this right, is appoint a blue
ribbon committee, get people who actually lease retail space, maybe people
who have no financial interest in Palo Alto at all, young leasing brokers and
say, "Who can you actually lease this space to?" The point I made to you,
which the Post picked up—I'll just say I have personally developed 4 million
square feet of retail space. That's more than in all of Palo Alto. We still own
a couple million square feet. We have a number of projects here. Every
single day I'm confronted with retail tenants who are leaving. Every single
day I'm confronted with the reality that my time is almost up, that it's food
and it's services. What we really need to do to make our Downtown great
and keep it great is embrace anybody that brings people to us, anybody that
has patients, customers, patrons, students. We need to open it up. That's
the retail of the 21st century. We have a wonderful opportunity to really do
something swell for our Downtown so people from Fort Collins will continue
to call us and say, "How the hell did you pull that off?" We can do that, but
not with this Ordinance today. If you have any questions of me, you've got
to ask me now because I'm about to go home. Thank you very much. I
appreciate it. It's a tough decision.
                                                                          Page 52 of 127
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/13/17
