                          TRANSCRIPT
communicate to you, as I've tried to do before, is why is housing important
and why is loosening the restrictions on commercial development important.
When people talk about the quality of life in Palo Alto, there's just one very
simple answer for me. It is not parking. It is not having a series of green
lights going down Middlefield. It is not being able to get to and from 101 or
280 as quickly as possible. It is one very simple thing. It is people. It is
each of you who are going to vote on this stuff tonight. It's all the people
here. It's even the people with whom we disagree. The thing that's most
important for me about people is friends and family. What we've been doing
with the housing policies that we've had for the last 20-odd years—we've
been destroying diversity. We know it's happening nationally. We are really
dealing with related issues here. Are we simply going to be a community of
the most wealthy in the world or are we going to be a community that
respects continuity of families, continuity of friendships and continuity of the
people living here? We've had our sons come back and forth and live with
us for month and sometimes close to a year since they've graduated from
college. I've got a mother who's living here in town. I've had a father and a
mother and brother and a great-aunt who have all lived in town. One of
them used to manage the President Apartments. If we don't do something
dramatically about housing, families are going to be torn apart, and we're
going to lose what's most vital and what's greatest about Palo Alto, our
friends and our family. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:     Thank you.      Lynnie Melena to be followed by Mark
Mollineaux.

Lynnie Melena: Mayor Scharff and members of the Council, my name is
Lynnie Melena. I'm representing the League of Women Voters of Palo Alto
tonight with a letter that we have sent you. The League of Women Voters of
Palo Alto congratulates the Citizens Advisory Committee and the Planning
Staff for all their hard work in bringing these draft Comprehensive Plan
Elements to you tonight. We also applaud the City for involving a broad
spectrum of the public to weigh in on the process consistent with the League
of Women Voters' position of ensuring maximum opportunity for public input
at all stages of the update process. You are being asked to provide guidance
on multiple policy issues in particular as you evaluate the many options
before you within the draft Land Use and Community Design Element. The
League encourages you to consider the League's longstanding positions on
housing. These include improving the diversity of housing, opportunities for
all economic levels, ages and ethnicities; increasing the number of multiple
family units in areas that provide access to transportation services and
shopping; support of mixed-use development with a combination of diverse
housing types, office and retail; and most importantly efforts to encourage
the development of housing that is more affordable for all. To accomplish
                                                                         Page 16 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
