                          TRANSCRIPT
and some pressure, you get that material to break down. Just like in the
crockpot, if you leave the carrots and potatoes and the meat in there long
enough, it'll all turn to mush. When that happens, that's not a liquid. That's
a bunch of particles suspended in a liquid, and it's a great amount of surface
area for the bacteria to access. This is the four stages, a little chart I made
up if you'd like to look at the chemistry and see that. The only thing I'd like
you to remember from this is every time one of those stages happens CO2 is
released. In order to break down the molecules, you have to break them
apart, and that gas is what's given off. The basic anaerobic digester looks
like this. There's a propeller at the bottom that stirs the liquid. The bacteria
interact with it. The gases float to the top, are captured, and drawn off for
some type of use. Coming from the digester, that gas in the industry is
referred to as recoverable or recovered natural gas, in deference to natural
gas which comes out of a gas well somewhere. Alternative 2C recommends
separating the methane and using it in an engine. In order to use it in an
engine, you have to process that methane to take out water vapor and the
stuff called siloxanes, which is a silicon dioxide that's floating around in the
water vapor. This is one of the most amazing things I discovered: it comes
from the bacteria. They actually have a skeleton, a tiny little speck of silicon
dioxide. If you allow it to accumulate when the water condenses, it'll crust
up engines, pipes, anything. This is what the acetic acid molecule looks like.
It's carbon dioxide and methane. The methanogenic bacteria, where the
rubber meets the road, breaks this molecule. That's how methane is
produced naturally. In the digester, methane and carbon dioxide are often
about 50/50. If you are talented and work well, you can get up to that 75-
percent stage, but that requires a lot of tending that may be impractical at a
treatment plant such as ours. One of the things I discovered was that
there's a popular terminology called bio-methane. It's used by people in a
way to try and suggest that bio-methane, methane coming from an
anaerobic digester, has less of an environmental impact than mineral
methane, something coming out of, say, a gas well in Texas. The thing is
when you compare the two molecules, they're identical.               Methane is
methane once it's been produced. There's no different effect. Bio-methane,
that terminology has been used a little too much to sell equipment related to
gathering the methane and using it from anaerobic digesters. In order for
the bio-methane to be somehow greener or more environmentally friendly
than methane, that's the process of producing it. The carbon footprint is
what matters. Since all the naturally occurring methane on the planet is the
result of bacteria breaking apart that acetic acid molecule, it's all bio-
methane. This comes from the Bio-solids Facility Plan, and it was developed
by the engineers to try and calculate how much methane would be
generated if you landfilled the bio-solids. Once they're in an anaerobic
environment with the oxygen cut off, those bacteria will start making
methane. By the time they're through feeding on it, roughly 39 percent of
                                                                          Page 4 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
