                         TRANSCRIPT
Rita Vrhel, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 10: I just wanted to
speak briefly on Item Number 10, the swim club. I read through part of the
document.      I was astounded to find out that the City is subsidizing
swimming lessons. If I read it correctly, they're subsidizing private lessons
$26 a lesson and regular swimming lessons $11 a lesson. I hope I read it
correctly; I hope I'm not misleading you. I'm not sure why when this
document discusses the increased need and demand for swimming programs
that the City's General Fund has to pay a subsidy. I'm sure that a lot of the
kids who take swimming lessons can afford to pay for them. I'm sure some
children or adults cannot. I think there should be a special scholarship set
up for them or some sort of way that everyone is able to take swimming
lessons but not at a City subsidy. I helped the community garden over at
Eleanor Pardee Park. When I attended a meeting on an increase in fees on
community gardens several years ago, I thought I heard that the City had a
new policy which was that the people who benefit from the services directly,
like the gardeners, had to pay their way, that the City could not subsidize
them. The distinction was made between the community gardens and the
City Library, where the community gardens are only open to a certain
number of people because the community garden plots are limited; whereas,
the City Libraries are open to everyone. I think the same thing about the
swimming lessons. I just don’t understand in this City why a subsidy
continues. Thank you.

7.    Approval of Contract Number C17166566 With O'Grady Paving, Inc. in
      the Amount of $686,290 for the Construction of the Quarry Road
      Improvements and Transit Center Access Project and Finding of
      Exemption From the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

8.    Approval of Amendment Number 1 to Contract Number C15157160
      With Traffic Data Services to Extend the Term Until June 30, 2019 for
      Provision of On-call Traffic Data Collection Services.

9.    900 N. California Avenue [15PLN-00155]: Denial of the Appeal of the
      Planning and Community Environment Director's Architectural Review
      Approval of Three new Single-Family Homes, one With a Second Unit.
      Environmental Review: Categorically Exempt per CEQA Guidelines
      Section 15303(a) (New Construction or Conversion of Small
      Structures), Zoning District: R-1.

10.   Approve and Authorize the City Manager to Execute an Agreement
      Between the City of Palo Alto and Team Sheeper LLC, for the Learn to
      Swim Program for Summer 2017 at an Amount Not-to-exceed
      $143,000.


                                                                       Page 32 of 60
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/9/17
