                          TRANSCRIPT
trying to do today? Usually, in order to set your Priorities, you need to know
what your goals are. To set your goals, you need to be pretty specific about
what you're trying to achieve. You're saying by this date we want to achieve
this, and then you figure out what your Priorities are. I don't know if you
could have some insight in terms of our main objective today.

Mr. Keene: I would bet you could get debate on the Council that could
invert that, that Priorities are first and then goals. It's how we define the
language. I'm not disagreeing one way or the other, which is why I injected
this values piece of it as a missing component for the long-term strategy.
All I'm dealing with is the evolution of the Council's developing focus on
Priorities. It used to be you just said, "Here's our three Priorities." That was
it. Sustainability, that was all the discussion that we had for the year.
We've started adding what is happening in the City as it relates to the
Priorities that you have set. Now, we're trying to take it a little bit further by
saying, "How could you identify what you most want to see happen this year
in this Priority?" I'm even going further and saying, "Is there a way to take
it to a specific goal and a metric?" It's probably going to be hard to get to
that today. The projects themselves, that are representative of what you
want to do, and some of the outcomes and metrics you could get to. You
could even say, "I want this project, but I'd like to see how it could happen
faster than the way you're thinking about it right now."

Mayor Scharff: Lunch is here. A couple of announcements. I didn't see you.
Go ahead.

Council Member Kou: These projects that are identified, for example the
infrastructure, their funding is already available. Is that so?

Mr. Keene: The funding is available. The point we always make is the
funding is at risk dependent upon how long it takes us to do stuff, since time
is money. If we delay things, they most likely will cost more, and we may
not have the money. Right now, we have the money.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we will have lunch. The lunch is here. It'll be a
working lunch. If you could get your food and come back up here, we'll
reconvene as soon as we can. I want to tell the public and the Council
Members that the bathrooms here have backed up and are now closed. It's
like the airlines. Everyone will have to use the other bathrooms.

Council took a break at 12:05 P.M. and returned at 12:19 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: If we could reconvene. We have a number of public
speakers. Jim Poppy would be our first public speaker, followed by Nelson
Ng. Jim, are you here?
                                                                           Page 42 of 75
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/28/17
