                         TRANSCRIPT
December, and we're hoping to tap all of Council as time allows. Anyway,
with Adrian though, we did touch a little bit on that article in the Palo Alto
Weekly about the developer donations. Adrian was very reasonable and
heard our concerns. After Adrian left, we did continue our discussion. We
have decided that we are concerned as a neighborhood association about
how developers may exercise undue influence because of their financial ties
to campaign coffers. We have decided, as a neighborhood association, to
ask Council to create a policy that Council Members who accept donations—
we're not talking token, hello, $50, $100 thing but significant donations that
these Council Members recuse themselves from considering and voting on
any project a developer is involved with. This will allay any anxiety on the
part of citizens that developers have more influence than anyone else, but
particularly more influence than the voters themselves.           In Ventura,
traditionally the most under-served community, we are very sensitive to our
voices being drowned out by big money. We do have some post-traumatic
stress disorder due to 441 Page Mill, and we talked to Adrian about that. He
was really nice to listen to us. I know tonight there's a big discussion
coming up. Ventura is looking at that. It seems like a reasonable request,
transparent, finance, donation transparency, accountability, etc., and so
forth. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you all for your service. I
know this is a very hard job.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.      Sachi Hwangbo to be followed by Beth
Rosenthal.

Sachi Hwangbo: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. My
name is Sachi. I am a Palo Alto resident. I work for the City. For the past
five and a half years, I've been an hourly, part-time admin specialist at Palo
Alto Animal Services. Three years ago, when you scaled back the shelter
staff, among those eliminated was our volunteer coordinator, Betty-Anne
Stenmark. It fell upon me to absorb her duties and responsibilities. Now,
we're just like a small boat on the ocean. I came here tonight with these
volunteers on my shoulders to broadcast and acclaim the actions of my
wonderful team. They work hand-in-hand with us, and they're like the big
wave sending waves into the ocean into Motion. Like it was said by Martin
Luther King, Jr., everybody came be great because anybody can serve. Our
volunteers log over 4,000 unpaid hours each year in total serving as animal
socializers and assisting potential adopters, helping the public during busy
clinic days, and fostering our animals with special needs. Some volunteers
have been here longer than I have, over 15, 20, 10 years. We have high
schoolers, we have community contributors, the middle schoolers, girl scout,
boy scout groups, service teams from various organizations. They are
always eager to lend a helping hand whether it be donation drives or
promoting our adoptions, helping make animals more comfortable by
                                                                        Page 16 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
