                          TRANSCRIPT
into retail forever, no property owners including us will make that
accommodation again. Mandating that all retail or retail-like locations stay
that way indefinitely is ridiculous because it takes a one-size-fits-all
approach. It doesn't allow for change. Retailers change a tremendous
amount, as many have pointed out. Quite frankly, the City trying to claw
back more space to support retail won't change that. At the very minimum,
the Council should just focus on the major retail corridors. They also need
to acknowledge that retail is changing and should greatly expand the
definition of retail to allow for businesses to adapt. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Jaime Wong to be followed by Robert Wheatley.

Jaime Wong: Good evening. Jaime Wong. I'm here to ask you not to adopt
this Ordinance and add my voice to the many thoughtful remarks you heard
today, the suggestions, the thank you also. My family has been both a
lessor and a retailer. On both sides, there's a fine line between success and
financial disaster. It is dangerous to legislate retail because retail changes,
and landlords and retail tenants need the freedom to adapt quickly to these
changes. The internet is constantly and instantly changing the rules of
retail. No City Ordinance could save the typewriter business; IBM couldn't.
Another point. Creating design standards for retail, I think, is a big waste of
time and a big waste of resources. You will need to create another big
bureaucracy to deal with all the requests, the complaints, the exceptions,
the hearings. With all due respect, the ARB does not have the means to
create successful retail, neither can the PTC or Council, not without ongoing
input from landlords and retailers. The current boundaries of the ground-
floor combining district were carefully drawn back in 2009 because of the
traffic patterns, both auto and pedestrian. The areas around the circle in
Palo Alto at Alma and University has not changed. This area will not support
retail. The buildings at 102-116 University that you want to put back under
the Ordinance, which my family represents the ground floors of, were built
not with retail in mind. They were removed from the area in 2009. They
have large, opaque glass windows throughout, which do not draw pedestrian
traffic. Because of the way the circle was designed, Downtown foot traffic
mostly bypasses the building going to Caltrain and Stanford. It's just a
crappy location for retail. One consideration I have not heard is that my
family's biggest partner, our bank, underwrote the loan to this building as an
office building. If we change it to a retail building, the financial and
contractual conditions will no longer be true, and the existing loans are then
subject to recall. Opening and operating a retail business is difficult already.
Attracting and renting out to retailers is also difficult. Mandating retail
where it is not suitable will not make it happen. Please do not extend the
ground-floor combining district to the circle where 102-116 University is.
Don't bother creating more retail and pedestrian-oriented design standards.
                                                                         Page 54 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
