                          TRANSCRIPT
hit Control X and then Control V in another document. With that, I hope we
can move forward.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was just trying to google to get some guidance
on what's typical in a General Plan. Maybe this is a question for the
consultant and maybe for Hillary too. What's typical to have in a General
Plan?   What I find online just in a simple search from University of
Washington, from various other cities—land use, I looked for that—is goals,
objectives, policies and programs. What's typical?

Ms. Costello: I'm sorry. That is typical, to have all of those goals, policies,
programs in a General Plan. I would say that this Comp Plan Update has
probably more programs than I'm used …

Council Member Holman: No one's going to argue with that.

Ms. Costello: … to, but it is the general policy. I will say that there are
communities where the implementation—where the programs are considered
implementation, they are pulled out so that the policies read just as policies.
That is not uncommon. Those components, I can't think of one that doesn't
have them. There was the exception for legal things. There are things in
here that we would have to sift through and keep at some higher level than
just referred to later. I hope that answers your question.

Council Member Holman: We can't backtrack here, but I do wonder. I have
to wonder how the process and the product would have been different if this
had been the original guidance. I have to wonder that. I hope that all of
you would have to wonder that too. It's very different. This has taken a
detour off Route 66 into some blue highway that nobody's ever been on
before, not in this City.      If anybody knows what a blue highway is.
Reminder to—Jim does, I'm sure. This is a Comprehensive Plan that goes to
2030, but in all practical reality it's going to go well beyond 2030. Look at
how long we've been doing this Comprehensive Plan. We're well out of date.
It isn't like every program that's in here—I don't want to speak for
everybody, but I think I've heard comments from pretty much everybody
that we think the language can be honed down, there's some redundancy.
We could make it shorter. That was one of the things that—even in a phone
conversation with Hillary last week just to get some general guidance on
what we were doing tonight, that was one of the directions they were
looking for. That's what we gave them direction about before. That's
something we're going to be addressing. I have to say also that a lot of the
things that come forward to the Council, we look to the Comprehensive Plan,
and we say regularly consistent with Policy blah, blah, Goal blah, blah,
                                                                       Page 103 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
