                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Yarkin: It's Tuesday; it's 5:30 to 8:00. I don't know if you want to
stay. It's a community meeting. They're amending the Class B airspace,
which means—I think there's 10,000. It's in San Jose. There's one in
Burlingame; there's one in San Jose; there's one in Oakland. The FAA's
putting it on.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Do you know where it is in San Jose?

Ms. Yarkin: I could get that information to you.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Why don't you send that to us. That way, if some of us
can go, we will try to.

Ms. Yarkin: Thank you so much.

Mayor Scharff: Richard to be …

Richard Staehnke: Staehnke is the answer.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mr. Staehnke: I've been a resident in Palo Alto for 63 years. My family, we
had a business here, pretty successful, for 50 years. I feel that this needs to
be the highest priority for the Council to face, stop jet noise. It's day and
night. You try to go to sleep 11:00 at night; they're roaring over, 12:00.
Not one, not two, one after another. There is no peace in between. You go
out during the day; there isn't hardly a 5-minute period you can't look up in
the sky and see a plane coming over my house, one from another, this
direction, that direction, that direction. Sometimes turning around and
coming over in this direction just continually. If any of the Council want to
come over to my humble home, we'll sit outside and watch them. In my
house, I've marked as many as 133 planes while watching TV, working on
the computer. Those are just the ones I can hear inside. Were I to make an
effort, I could mark another 100 or more. I often have a hard time marking
them because there's two or three at the time. The stop jet noise app will
only pick up one of them; it won't pick up the other two. We talk about
environmental issues. The amount of jet fuel that is falling on our heads in
unspent jet fuel and spent jet fuel is just tumbling down upon us. What
greater environmental impact can there be? We worry about a 100-watt
lightbulb, but they want me to buy an electric car. We have exhaust just
falling on all of us. It'd be like living under a car. I just can't understand
why we wouldn't take this as the highest priority. If it requires a lawsuit—I
don't have the answers like the people on the stop jet noise program does,
but I have the emotion. This is terrible, terrible. I've lived here my whole
life and never experienced anything like this. It's impacting my health,
                                                                           Page 4 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
