                         TRANSCRIPT
having the public speak after the Staff presentation, the public would have
the opportunity to comment on anything that Staff says.           I believe
something is missing from this set of information that you have on this
project, and that is comparing the proposed project that's available on the
presentation you're going to see with what can actually be built under the
current zoning. The current zoning, as with other residential projects, can
take advantage of the State Density Bonus Law. However, if based on this
Study Session, the applicant goes ahead and files an application for zone
change and the Council adopts it, the applicant can then throw this project
proposal in the garbage and come forward with a different application that
takes advantage of the State Housing Density Bonus Law. The applicant
doesn't want you to believe that, so you should believe what the applicant is
giving you, which is a project that doesn't use the Housing Density Bonus
Law. You should compare that to the existing zoning with the Housing
Density Bonus Law. I believe you will find for the most part that the
project's objectives would be met and whatever objections neighbors and
others might have would be mitigated by the fact that the applicant is
currently entitled to build under the zoning with the Density Bonus Law. If
the applicant's intent was to fool you and give you one project to get the
zone change and then come in with another project, that would be like, to
paraphrase Chairman (inaudible), picking up a rock only to drop it on your
own foot. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Ari Cartun to be followed by Ruth Lowry [sic].

Ari Cartun: Hi, I'm Ari Cartun, 3506 Emerson. I walk around the City a lot.
I use it for my primary transportation if I can; I use it for exercise. I know
how long it takes to get from that particular lot to any kind of major
transportation. Yes, there is a bus going up and down El Camino, but to get
to the nearest train station will take the average walker about 25 minutes. I
walk it. That's the one that's under the bridge over in Mountain View. All I
want to say is I live next to the Alma Plaza development. I saw that go up.
I saw the total lack of parking for people to come and visit people. I don't
understand why the City Council even has zoning regulations if you're not
going to try to figure out where people are going to actually live and how
they're going to live and where they're going to put their cars and where
their friends are going to put their cars when there's a party or when there's
a visit or when the parents or the in-laws or whatever come over. It doesn't
make any sense. To squeeze twice as many housing units into this little lot
as you could possibly ever imagine under any zoning law doesn't make any
sense unless we're going to stop having zoning and start building straight up
with maximum density all up and down the Peninsula. That doesn't make
any sense. I do know that there are exceptions granted for putting things in
transportation corridors. This is not one of them. People will not take buses
                                                                       Page 13 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
