                         TRANSCRIPT
Herb Borock: Mayor Scharff and Council Members, City Staff says there's a
deadline to respond, but I can't see what the deadline is in any of the Staff
Reports that you received. Stanford campus and lands are part of Palo
Alto's planning area in the Comprehensive Plan. The appropriate process for
submitting comments to the County should have been followed, which is on
a timely basis the Planning Commission should have received this issue and
made a recommendation to the Council, and then the Council on the basis of
the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation should have
given direction to Staff to write the letter. That hasn't happened, even
though it's been 3 months since the application was filed and 8 weeks since
the Notice of Preparation was issued. I hope in the future the Council gives
appropriate direction to Staff to follow that kind of process for planning
issues. Stanford's presentation mentioned no net new trips. One way
they've accomplished that is by moving some operations off of the campus
into Palo Alto and now some to Redwood City. I just want to focus on the
Palo Alto planning area because it's the same local transportation network.
Based upon the experience of what happened under the current Use Permit,
it seems that the EIR should include data on Stanford development within
the City of Palo Alto similar to the historical data that's shown for the
campus in the current Use Permit and Community Plan for the Medical
Center and for the Research Park and for the East Bayshore employment
district, and that projections for those areas for the term of the Use Permit
should also be shown. The second item of data refers to the fact that there
may be creative ways for Stanford to get more development in the Palo Alto
planning area outside of the campus in exchange for moving the academic
growth boundary and having fewer acres within that boundary. To be able
to do that, we would need information on what land is under the founding
grant, which can't be sold, and which land is not in the founding grant and is
alienable land that can be sold any time the Board of Trustees wants to do
that. That will enable trades within the Stanford property based upon
planning approvals. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Steven Woodward.

Steven Woodward: Thank you. I'd like to make two quick points. This is
the second GUP in the years I've lived in Palo Alto, which involves a major
expansion of Stanford buildings without mention of an ultimate build-out for
the campus. At the long-term growth rate, Stanford daily population will
double in approximately 60 years. It's hard to imagine that important TDM
goals, for example, will not be blown by in the course of that level of
expansion. Secondly, I think it's interesting that the current GUP proposal
anticipates exceeding the no net new trips limits. Those limits will not be
exceeded in a generally diffuse way around the campus. They will impact
certain entries and exits to the campus more severely than others. I would
                                                                       Page 21 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
