                         TRANSCRIPT
I thought all these lists were saying consider this one, don't consider this
one. All should be considered.

Council Member DuBois: I did intend to include that. We need to encourage
housing near transit. There's been a lot of discussion about that. The point
of that was in our Housing Element, we had specified an area that was
pretty underserved. It's kind of our last semi-industrial space. Either we
can split that out or I can …

Mayor Scharff: I'll tell you what. Why don't we take a separate vote on that
issue?

Council Member DuBois: Okay.

Mayor Scharff: We'll come back to that and take a separate vote on that
issue. I would second your Motion on that, Tom. We'll wait on that.

Council Member Fine: Take out "C" for now.

Council Member DuBois: That's it.

Council Member Fine: I would accept Council Member DuBois' change about
housing sites in Stanford.

Mayor Scharff: Can we get that language, Tom?         Sorry, Council Member
DuBois. Do you have it?

Council Member DuBois: That would be in "D", right?

Council Member Fine: "B," particularly along El Camino Real frontage. Are
you saying …

Council Member DuBois: The language they had—I guess Hillary has it.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the easiest thing to do is add it as a separate item
and just say with regard to "B" and "D" above use language similar to this or
something.

Council Member DuBois: You want to just replace "B" and "D" with "E"?

Ms. Gitelman: We could. There's another thought in "D" that refers to the
Medical Center area. I'm sorry. Council Member DuBois, would you like that
language in lieu of "B"? Is that what you're proposing?

Council Member DuBois: I think it makes more sense, if that's acceptable to
Council Member Fine.

                                                                      Page 63 of 108
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/30/17
