                          TRANSCRIPT
your support in making sure that we keep our bus service. Congratulations
to Lydia Kou, Adrian Fine and Greg Tanaka on your election to the Council. I
remember that no one campaigned on tall buildings over 50 feet and no one
campaigned for more office space, so I expect that's where we'll be, not
more (inaudible) space, not tall buildings. Congratulations to Marc Berman
on your election to the Assembly. Thanks to Pat Burt for all your service. I
served with you on the Planning Commission some years ago. I recall that
one of the early things you did in your service to the City was work on the
SOFA plan. I'd like to see a plan for the Fry's site that is as high quality as
the SOFA plan. I think we need to get started on that now because,
otherwise, Fry's is going to go away. We don't want the developer telling us
what should be built there. We want the community to decide what should
be built there. Thanks to Greg Schmid for your service starting with the
School Board. I'll point out one thing that Greg did when joining the School
Board. He was talking about school capacity. At that time, our enrollment
was going down and down. They were about to close down to one high
school and one middle school. He said, "No. It's turning around. We're
getting more enrollment."      That was very prescient.       We've seen the
enrollment go up and up and up. We've seen it continue to go up. It's now
settling back because we haven't built as much housing in the last few
years. If we go back to grow big on housing, we'll see the school capacity
once again be an issue. That's why I think the Comp Plan should have a
policy in there to require that we consider school capacity with our policies
and our regulations. We can't do it with individual projects, but we can do it
for policies and for our laws. I think those are the things we should think
about in the future. Thank you to Greg. Thank you to Pat. Thank you to
Marc. I look forward to a very collegial process in the next two years. Good
luck to all of us for what happened in the national election. May 2017 not be
as bad as we fear.

Lisa Chung: Hi. I'm Lisa Chung, Senator Jerry Hill's liaison to the City of
Palo Alto. Congratulations Mayor Scharff on your selection and Vice Mayor
Kniss. Congratulations to Council Members Fine, Tanaka and Kou. It's great
to see a new era now in 2017. I too brought hardware. It's a little
embarrassing because I only brought two out of three pieces of hardware.
That's because you could probably make your own resolution that I brought,
Assembly Member Berman. The District Office where Senator Hill has his
office is right next door to Assembly Member Mullin's office. Recently, one of
our comrades in arms in Mullin's office just recently joined your Staff. We
are sorry to see him go, but it's good to see a Palo Altan return down to the
south part of the district. First, I would like to pull out for Mayor Burt, just
past Mayor Burt, a Resolution. If you'd like to come up, I'd like to present it.
It has all the "whereas" that, I think, probably are maybe as fulsome as the
one from the City of Palo Alto, perhaps not, since your record is much more
                                                                          Page 20 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
