                          TRANSCRIPT
Advance Planning Manager in Planning, and some vacancies in Public Safety.
These don't represent all of the vacancies that we have, but they are key.
That being said, even though we have a lot of employees who are potentially
eligible for retirement, our average age in our workforce is 42 years old.
There's been no major change in that over the past five years. The ethnic
makeup or the racial makeup of our organization is 57 percent white, 43
percent nonwhite.       That's an increase of six percent in the nonwhite
population over a five-year period. Just as a note, the Palo Alto population
is 61 percent white and 39 percent nonwhite. Additionally, our community—
this is just designed to represent that fact. On the right corner you can see
the request mapping on the GIS for various Palo Alto 311 requests, which
essentially are problems that are coming in from our community, saying,
"City, what about this pothole or this graffiti here or there?" We've got an
increasingly robust feedback loop from our community. We have, as you
know, so many Commissioners, volunteers, friends groups, neighborhood
associations, all of whom are actively involved in the life of the City and
enhancing our life. We have key initiatives from the community itself. At
the moment right now, the Cool Block program is just identified here with
the first pilot test of the Cool Block engagement program. Just some fun
and interesting things for you to think about in the course of a year. The Art
Center itself has 800 active volunteers and interns and gets a value of
almost a quarter of a million dollars in volunteer aid. Our parks and open
space volunteer hours are over 14,000 hours last year. Just in our open
space area, the value of volunteer time is equivalent to seven full-time
positions and over almost $400,000. Staff, finances and the community
with the Council clearly as the interface between the Staff and the
community particularly. Looking back at 2016 before we even really look at
the focus for the Council's work plan, just examples of pop-ups that come up
during the course of the year. We have two single-story overlay zones,
Greer Park and Los Arboles—is that how I say it—that the Council dealt with
last year. You'd indicated as a policy that we would take these up. In many
ways, this was not an issue that was on the City's work plan. Edgewood
Plaza. The departure of Fresh Market has continued to be a nagging
problem for the community, for your Staff and for you, believe it or not, that
has sucked up a fair amount of time. Airplane noise. Here we have a bunch
of citizens in the overflow space watching one of the many meetings related
to airplane noise. I can't tell you how many hundreds and hundreds of
hours it took just on the Staff side, let alone community volunteers. Of
course, we always will have some projects that are way out of the ordinary.
Last year, we had the Super Bowl which, believe it or not, took all kinds of at
least frenetic worrying and planning on the front side. If you can't see this,
this was one of my favorite tweets from our Police Department last year
during this. This was before the New England Patriots had gotten here to
play at the game. Of course, our guy here is saying, "Going to a Super Bowl
                                                                          Page 6 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
