                          TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto tree program is remarkable. You have heard the pretty exhaustive
list of criteria that need to be met in order to be recognized. Of course, the
vision of the founders of Palo Alto certainly was of a City among trees. As
John Muir said, any fool can destroy trees because they don't move, they
can't run. It does take a wise community working together to protect, grow
and renew the mature forest that we enjoy today. That's what we have in
Palo Alto, a City Council that understands and values the myriad benefits
trees afford us. A very skilled and dedicated Staff, you've heard about the
ten certified arborists on staff. That's quite amazing. Finally, the third really
important component is the community at large, the community that cares,
that is vigilant, that is vocal and that supports Canopy. We are very
fortunate that Walter accepted the offer that the City made to him, extended
to him four years ago. He provides the leadership that we so much needed.
The program has progressed tremendously under his watch. It is not an
easy job. Trees are living organisms. Sometimes they get sick, they die,
they fall, they need to be removed. Sometimes very hard choices have to
be made. Development pressures abound. Walter leads the Urban Forestry
program with his mild-mannered way, but he also has a very sure hand
because he uses science and the best professional practices to guide him.
This is something that the whole community really appreciates. I also
wanted to take the opportunity to invite you all to the 21st Mayor's Tree
Planting ceremony that will take place on the 26th of January at Mitchell
Park Center. We will plant one tree for Mayor Scharff; it's going to be your
second tree. That will start at 5:15 p.m. on the 26th. Right after that, we'll
plant another tree next to it for retiring Police Chief Dennis Burns. You'll find
all of the information—please RSVP from the Canopy website.                   It's
canopy.org. Again, congratulations to the Council, to Public Works, to the
City as a whole, to Walter, to his Colleagues. One of his Colleagues,
Courtney Schumm, is here tonight also. This is quite an achievement.
We're very, very proud to be associated with the Urban Forestry program
here. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Let's take a five-minute break.

Council took a break from 7:41 P.M. to 7:52 P.M.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Scharff: … additions and deletions. Mr. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, Council Members, since we're going
to merge into City Manager's Comments here in a minute, with the Council's
okay, I'd like a point of privilege here. On Consent Item Number 17 that we
have in here, which is the Policy and Services Committee recommendation

                                                                           Page 21 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/9/17
