                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I actually had a question first
on the Downtown cap. On the Downtown cap, can you remind me what's
covered under that? Is it all nonresidential or does it include residential?

Ms. Gitelman: Currently, it's all nonresidential.

Council Member Filseth: All nonresidential.

Ms. Gitelman: The CAC discussed if it was going to be maintained, focusing
it on office/R&D only or office/R&D plus hotel.

Council Member Filseth: Got it. Let me make a couple of comments in
general about this and then come back to the Motion here for a second.
Last weekend we discussed over the weekend at the Retreat the National
Citizens Survey, which gave us all some pause. It appears that over half the
community thinks that we're not acting in their best interest and that Palo
Alto is headed in the wrong direction. Yes, people think Palo Alto is a great
place to live, and that's a very high number. It's also gradually declining
and has hit what, for it, is its lowest point this year. I think we need to
understand why that is. I think it's a pretty good guess that it's not because
we let Facebook get away to Menlo Park or that we haven't densified the City
fast enough. I think it's much more likely it deals with the things that come
up at the top of people's lists all the time, Citywide surveys and so forth,
traffic, parking, cost of housing, particularly people that get priced out and
can't live here. I think we need to focus on those and anticipate future
issues based on our land use decisions, which may include school demand,
increasing need for senior services. We had the lap swimmers here last
week, worrying about crowding in Rinconada pool. Ongoing pressure on
retail versus, as one of the speakers tonight mentioned, we're probably
going to need more of it in the future as our City grows. We need to keep
focus on those things. The trickiest ones are going to be the ones where
there is conflict between those goals. As we proceed tonight, we need to act
with considerable deliberation and care. The things we should keep before
us are the things that we believe a majority of the community—our best
guess of what a majority of the community wants, including the 80 percent
of residents that never email us or show up here in City Hall and all that kind
of stuff. As well, we ought to put a lot of emphasis on the areas of
consensus from the CAC. This is a very valuable thing that we ought to
keep in front of us. Finally—I'm going to come back to this—we need to be
very judicious. I’m glad the discussion has gone in this direction about what
belongs in the Comp Plan versus in coordinated area plans versus just in the
Codes. All those things have different abilities for the City to make changes
and adjust as our needs change and as our understanding evolves. With
respect to this particular Motion, most of it's good. I particularly agree with

                                                                        Page 37 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
