                         TRANSCRIPT
we're really the mom and pop shops who give back to our communities.
We're really here to take care of you. Please help us help you. As some of
my colleagues earlier this evening have pointed out, with the current
iteration of the RPP program in Evergreen Park we currently have no
recourse in which to purchase parking permits for our staff and employees.
This is a serious problem. We respectfully request the Council to identify
that local resident-serving, healthcare providers are essential to preserving
the current quality of life in Palo Alto. Therefore, it should be protected by
somehow amending the RPP program proposed to allow resident-serving
businesses to purchase parking permits for their employees and for their
staff. Additionally, moving forward we do ask the Council to not approve
any additional building developments in the future that don't have adequate
parking to support its own use. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Minutes Approval

7.   Approval of Action Minutes for the January 28, 2017 Council Meeting.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're at Minutes Approval.       Can I have a Motion to
approve the Minutes?

Vice Mayor Kniss: So moved.

Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to approve
the Action Minutes for the January 28, 2017 Council Meeting.

Mayor Scharff: Vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're at the Consent Calendar. I have one speaker on
the Consent Calendar, Herb Borock, speaking to Item Number 8.

Herb Borock, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 8: This is on the
request for Resolution on a loan repayment pledge. I heard the presentation
of Staff before the Utilities Advisory Commission. I support their desire to
obtain these funds as soon as possible to be able to fund these worthwhile
projects at the lowest possible interest rate. City Staff believes that the
Water Board will accept the payment pledge that's in the Resolution;
however, that doesn't match the language that the Water Board requested.
                                                                       Page 39 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
