                          TRANSCRIPT
kind of the purpose of the Comp Plan. It's totally appropriate for Council to
give guidance to Staff to prioritize. We're not funding all these programs.
We will discuss which ones we're going to implement. It's truly a slap in the
face to the CAC. It's changing the rules two years into a process that a lot
of people spent a lot of time and effort on. We agreed at the very beginning
that Council wasn't going to write the Comp Plan. This is an attempt to
micromanage the Comp Plan and approve programs one-by-one. It's just
not a way to lead. We're going to have to talk about our role as a Council at
our offsite. One of those rules is oversight. I just think this is a huge failure
in oversight. Our existing Comp Plan—we started off—we have an award-
winning Comp Plan. We said we were going to make minor changes to it.
Now, we're going to strip out every program in that Comp Plan. It's mind
boggling, as Karen said. I'm going to obviously vote against this. I don't
think we should be micromanaging. We don't need to vet each and every
program. We know not all the programs are going to be implemented. I'm
sure costs, timing, priorities are going to come into it. I would just say for
those of you that want to vote for this, if you want to be consistent, we
should remove all programs from all elements. We know that land use is
our most controversial element. I feel it's becoming politicized here tonight.
We're actually not trying to do what's best for the citizens of Palo Alto. If
this is really a value-based decision, I suggest we be entirely consistent and
we remove all programs from all elements.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: This is a massive change. Wish I had more than
five minutes to think about it here. My reaction after five minutes is I
actually agree with the spirit of it. I actually think it makes sense. If we
had discussed this a month ago or a week ago when it came out or
something like that even, I'd have loved to go through it one-by-one and
make sure—one of the things we do is we sort of mix a little bit up, stuff that
goes in programs and policies. Make sure if we tear all the programs that
we're not taking out something that's important to be there. Maybe we
aren't; I just don't know. I would want to go through the whole thing and
see that. I actually want the CAC people to go through and do that too. I
worry a little bit about that. If we tear out all the programs, we're going to
end—I agree with Council Member DuBois. It seems odd to do it for one
element but not all the others. I actually like the thought process for the
whole thing. With that said, what do we really—I guess I don't understand
exactly what the path forward would be with the programs. A question is
what are we really achieving by doing that. We're going to take the
programs out. Are we going to use them or not use them or throw them
away, say it's a waste of some cost? If we say we're going to toss them out
and start over on implementation, that's one thing. If we say we're going to
                                                                        Page 101 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
