                         TRANSCRIPT
find a way in which to accelerate parking structures. The 250 parking
permits that you've allowed for low-income employees and regular
employees are all gone. The waiting list is far beyond that. As the last
speaker has just mentioned, there are offices of people who haven't even
put their name on that list. The only way we can beat this problem, I think,
is to accelerate the Downtown parking garage. We have approved buildings
that are terribly under-parked. Stanford has not even built out its last
approval of 2 million square feet. It's already in the process of requesting
the County to allow it to build 3,500 more homes and another 2 million
square feet in the next 10 years. Unless we as a community deal with the
overflow from Stanford, which is largely what the problem is, not the
minimally paid employees who work in the businesses, not the dentists, not
the lawyers, not the insurance agents. California Avenue worked for the 35
years that I've had my office in that area. As you heard from most of the
members here, all we want is a way of putting it back together. The
California business organization supports the neighborhood, but this is only a
minimum first step. We have to solve the problem by building more parking
for the under-parked buildings that we've already approved over the last
decade. Thank you.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. I'm
speaking on behalf of the PAN Committee that looks at zoning issues. PAN is
Palo Alto Neighborhood. We very much support residents who are trying to
reclaim their streets and the parking in front of their homes. I also want to
support the previous speakers who have pointed out that one of the reasons
that we're here tonight and the whole parking problem is because there are
buildings that have been approved, that do not have adequate parking. That
continues to be a problem at this very hour. Many examples, but one just
across the street that you may recall is the University Arts building. We
pointed out to Staff repeatedly that the remodeled project would be under-
parker. They approved it anyway. We then appealed the project. The
owner decided not to have the Council hear the appeal and put in the right
amount of parking. There's an example over on California Avenue that has
concerned us.      That's the 260 California Avenue building.       That was
originally approved only for a ground-floor retail, but they want to put a
restaurant in, which requires more parking.         We have contacted City
Manager Keene twice. We have contacted three different Staff members.
We have yet to hear back over a period of 8 months as to how the City
proposes to deal with this potential under-parking situation. It is not only
residents who are impacted by this. It is also the businesses who put in the
legitimate amount of parking, who are properly parked, who are now being
hurt because they too face problems caused by these overbuilt, under-
parked buildings. Please have Staff work on that as part of the overall
solution to parking problems across the City. Thank you very much.
                                                                       Page 93 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
