                          TRANSCRIPT
Oral Communications

Vice Mayor Scharff:    Now, we have two public speakers:          Jennifer
Landesmann to be followed by Karen Porter. You'll have three minutes.

Jennifer Landesmann: Congratulations new Council Members Kou, Tanaka
and Fine. Thank you all for all you do for the community. A special thank
you to Mayor Burt, Assembly Member Marc Berman. Your leadership on the
Policy and Services Committee helped jump start a critical City investment
and resources to address jet noise which, as you all may know, has only
escalated in importance for Palo Alto citizens. Thanks to the engagement of
hundreds of Palo Alto residents and the City's efforts a plan is underway to
make changes to our air space. The first body to address the changes is an
Ad Hoc Subcommittee consisting of two members or alternates from the
recent Select Committee or others yet to be named from each county and
Congressional District. As the operative word tonight was regional, it is
imperative for Palo Alto to have an elected official seated at the Ad Hoc
Subcommittee to address high stakes interests in the Report recently issued
by the Select Committee. Please identify a Council Member to contact
Representatives Eshoo, Speier and Panetta to have a Palo Alto Council
Member seated on the Committee. Unlike any other time, this is crucial
because the FAA and Congress are engaging cities to make changes to SFO
arrivals. Several of the Select Committee recommendations are extremely
important to us, and their prioritization by the FAA will make a huge
difference. Thank you and best of luck in your stewardship of the City.
Congratulations.

Mayor Scharff: Karen Porter to be followed by Penny Ellson.

Karen Porter: Thank you. Many thanks to the outgoing Council Members
and particularly Mayor Burt, who I would often run into at fundraisers for
other candidates. I thought it was particularly generous of him to give of his
time in that way. Congratulations and good luck to the new Council. This
year should be interesting. As many have noted, Palo Alto is a great City,
but the elephant in the room or in the sky I should say, as Jennifer alluded
to, is the increasing onslaught of the low-flying jets directly over Palo Alto.
While the items mentioned by Mayor Scharff are important, jet noise should
be at the top of the list of priorities that the City should be addressing. As
the overwhelming majority of people who have posted on the City's website
have noted, this year is perhaps our one and only chance to make sure that
the FAA takes action on the Select Committee's recommendations. The City
should play a leadership role in this effort, among the other cities in the
region. With the esteemed and talented group of the new Council, I am sure
we will be well served in this effort. Thank you so much and best of luck.

                                                                         Page 29 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
