                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: The Study Session with PTC focused on three different projects
along Middlefield Road. It wasn't specific to this project. I apologize.
Perhaps we should have included those Minutes.

Council Member Tanaka: The last topic here is I don't know if you saw the
letter about the tactical urbanism. I was wondering if you could respond to
that, whether some of those techniques might be able to be leveraged.

Mr. Mello: Our intent with the pilot is to use low-cost, flexible materials, to
get something out there quickly and relatively low impact. That's certainly
within the realm of tactical urbanism as done by a city. We would certainly
look to the community as to what type of materials they'd prefer as part of
the pilot project and in the long term.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be supporting this Motion. I came into this
meeting tonight still not quite sure between 7A and 7B. A couple of things
convinced me to support the Motion for 7A and not recommend changing it
to 7B. One is the overwhelming support of people in the community for 7A
over 7B of those who support moving forward with the project. Also, I think
it was inspired by the line of questioning from Council Member Filseth—I
think others have noticed this also—the question of safety and the challenge
of backing out of your driveway or just getting out of your driveway, that
extra space to do that without going into another line of traffic immediately,
to ease that very challenging thing. There will still be days when it's
difficult, when traffic is totally backed up.          I don't want us to set
expectations too high, that this is going to magically solve all the problems
on the corridor. The hope here, though, is that we do see some modicum of
relief on safety issues and the smoothness of traffic flow. There will still be a
lot of cars going down Middlefield. It will still be tough. People will still honk
their horns. People will still have a tough time getting out of their driveways
sometimes, and there may still be collisions. Hopefully, it's a little bit better.
Hopefully, at the end of a year or so we'll have a sense of how much better
it is. At that point, we'll be able to reevaluate and reconsider if maybe we
do want to try 7B or 7C, learn from this experience. I think that's important.
I do want to also commend Staff and the community for their good work on
bringing this to us. I'm eager to see it implemented, when I'm driving down
Middlefield to see some improvements and to come back in a year and take
stock and decide what we want to do after that.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, I want to say I understand and
empathize with the safety concerns. I think all of the solutions increase the
                                                                          Page 70 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/23/17
