                          TRANSCRIPT
the Retreat with the Council last year in January or early February, we
brought to the Council, based on our estimate of what these issues would
be, or soon thereafter 69 different projects related to just the four Council
Priorities. By midyear when we were reporting to the Council, that had
grown to 88 projects on just that list. Just to give you an example. If we
were just to look in Planning, some of those projects would be things like the
CEQA transportation analysis, the Midtown connector project, the annual
Land Use Code update, the next RPP implement, a retail preservation
Ordinance for Cal. Ave. follow-up, a Paid Parking Study, review office and
R&D use categories in zoning, a Vacation Rentals Ordinance, parking
guidance system, shuttle expansion, Quarry Road bicycle road
improvements, all of those sorts of things. Probably in the area of Planning,
obviously given the fact that you have the built environment as the Council
had last year, we probably have close to half of the projects in that almost
88 area just in the realm of the Planning Department. One of the things I
have shared with the prior Council is that when it comes down to the Staff
doing the work of the Council in these Priority areas, not just the business of
running the City, we've added up overtime, and we probably have about 80-
some people in the entire organization who can work on all of those high-
level issues. It's not like we've got 1,000 or 1,500 people who are going to
respond to the work plan that the Council has, that I have, that the CAOs
and the Leadership Team have and even respond to lots of the complicated
problems from the community. That's really a pretty small number of about
80-some people. The ELT itself has a lot of responsibilities as far as making
sure the City does perform well. Those are things like reorganizing the
Office of Management and Budget, pursuing fire accreditation, enhancing our
regional dispatch, developing the Library e-branch, focusing on utility
infrastructure replacement and improvement, negotiating and renegotiating
the Stanford fire contract, electrification work plan, etc., etc. We have over
100 projects from last year that were on the ELT work plan also. I was
going to just take a minute to touch on the resources that we have to
respond to the demands of our community, the needs of our City. In the
realm of finances, just some interesting facts I put together this weekend for
you. Since fiscal year 2010, our property tax revenue has increased 50
percent. Our sales tax has increased 69 percent. That's over that seven or
eight-year period. We're getting almost 70 percent more a year than we got
in 2010. Our TOT, our hotel-related tax, is up 246 percent. That's partly
due to the fact that there was an increase that the Council put on and has
dedicated that to specific infrastructure projects. It's also due to the fact
that we've had a number of hotels that have been built to provide this
revenue. I would say in many ways that's been a crucial revenue for the
City. We now bring in maybe about $23 million a year in TOT taxes. That
was significantly less. We'd have a lot more challenges—excuse me, I'm
getting ahead of myself here. I did want to let you all know that you're
                                                                          Page 4 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
