                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I guess I'm having trouble understanding exactly what kind
of changes you would be requesting.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman. Council Member Holman, I'm not
going to accept it. I think it's a little scary to be designing it from the dais,
especially when Staff seems unclear on it. If there's a clearer sense—I
guess I'm just not going to accept it. If you get a second.

Council Member Holman: Is there a laser I can point on the screen to what
I'm talking about?

Mayor Scharff: I will allow, if there is such a thing, for you to explain if you
want to.

Council Member Holman: Is there a laser anywhere? Can anybody see
that? I'm talking about that element right there, that runs the—except for
the one interruption in the sort of middle. That element, if it were lowered
to be—if I can do this—if that element were lowered—I can't even find it
now. Here we go. If this element, this design feature here—how do I get
rid of that—was lowered down to about here so that it provides more of a
cover and a pedestrian-scale cover over the entrances and is more
consistent with what you see in the other buildings on the block like here—
right now this is about at a story and a half when compared to the buildings
next door. This goes half way up the parapet of the building next door.

Mayor Scharff: Would it satisfy you if we made that up to the discretion of
the ARB?

Council Member Holman: Except that it's not in the Motion because the
discretion of the ARB does not include design.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm afraid that that sounds like really a structural change to
the building that would take—I don't think it's something we can do right
here. I think it would require consultation with the architectural design team
to determine whether that request could be accommodated.

Mayor Scharff: No, I can't accept that then.

Council Member Holman: How could we give some kind of guidance to the
ARB? Again, I agree. It's not good to be sitting here and trying to design a
project. I'm trying to point out things that are reasons that I can't make
findings and trying to get the project closer to being able to make the
findings, which is difficult given where we're starting here. Staff is being
mum on how we can go about doing that.


                                                                          Page 72 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
