                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: Thank you, Mayor. I'm not going to support the
substitute Motion and may make a Motion of my own in a few minutes. I
think I've a compromise, though, where if we do go out on both of these
Boards and Commissions again, we re-advertise them but we would be able
and willing to retain the current applicants and their interviews. I don't see
the need to re-interview these people. The current and former Council
Members did a good job interviewing them. I would just like to see a wider
range of applicants for the new Council to make a decision on.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Actually I did attend the interviews for everybody
that's listed over here. Also, I would support the substitute Motion that
Council Member DuBois has put forth. Mainly I agree with what he said.
People did come out. People made the effort. This is since November—
when was it? It was since last year. They are again what Council Member
Filseth said. It's about them, not about us. There's also video that is
available for us to watch and to see the interviews. I would really like to see
this move forward and that vacant position to be put out for applicants.

Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to say that I do think this is a difficult call. If
we do go out again, I do think it's important that we give people the
opportunity, frankly, if they've been interviewed, to not re-interview. If they
want to be re-interviewed, they should have the opportunity to be re-
interviewed. We have two more lights. You've both spoken at least twice.
That's Tanaka and Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was just going to comment that if we do go out
again, the process that Council Member Fine and the Mayor have suggested
are probably the right one to do. Yet, it still doesn't completely solve the
problem that some of the Council didn't participate in the interviews.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: Same thing.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the substitute Motion. That fails on a 5-4 vote.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 DuBois, Fine, Kou, Tanaka yes

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the main Motion.

Council Member Filseth: What's the main Motion again?

Mayor Scharff: The main Motion is …

                                                                          Page 51 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
