                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: The best way for us to do this is if we could collect—if you have
some particular questions like this we're not able to answer right on the
spot, we'll collect it and be happy to send the Council a written response.

Council Member Tanaka: That's all I had. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: First, I want to say thank you so much for everybody
that's here. I know you're giving up a Saturday. Thank you. Going back to
Council Member Tanaka's question in regards to the per capita expenditures,
is the population in the other cities similar to Palo Alto in comparison?

Ms. Richardson: I don't know off the top of my head, but we can get that
data.

Mr. Keene: The population is sort of all over the map in a sense. The
population itself is quite different. We're 66,000 to 68,000 depending upon
who counts. Fremont's 220,000, for example.

Council Member Kou: It's a little bit more spread out then.

Mr. Keene: Right, but these are based on per capita.       There are a lot of
different factors. We'll look into that.

Ms. Richardson: When you look at per capita, this combines fire, emergency
medical services and police. Just thinking about police, if you go back to the
crime rate per 1,000 that I showed in one of the slides, we have a lower
crime rate per thousand. There should be sort of correlation between how
much you're spending per capita and what your crime rate is.

Mr. Keene: I'll just give you one quick example more to be illustrative and
not definitive right now. Just in the fire area in EMS, we have the highest
per capita expenditures. At the same time, for the most part we're the only
jurisdiction in here I see that actually runs the ambulance service directly as
a city. That may include a higher level of service in it than we provide. Of
course, that's a service that, for the most part, we collect offsetting
revenues for. Probably if we did a cost-effectiveness list and what the
quality of the services is, we'd also get some interesting takes on this.

Ms. Kou: Thank you. My other question is Page 33 of the presentation.

Ms. Richardson: What page?

Ms. Kou: Page 33. What are the demographics that those questions are
targeted to? I know you send out a—it's online, and you send out the
                                                                         Page 26 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
