                         TRANSCRIPT
drug store or whatever was there would not be relevant to the Thoits
building square footage for the annual limit.

James Keene, City Manager: In other words, if both of those buildings were
built in the same year, they would count to the 50,000-square-foot office
cap but not the cumulative.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Interesting. Whatever was there before, if we replace it,
we're continuing to add to that square footage.

Ms. Gitelman: For the annual limit, not for the cumulative cap, not for the
1.7 million.

Vice Mayor Kniss: That's very helpful to know that. With that in mind, I'm
still continuing to support the Motion. We need to know about what amount
of square footage that is. I would certainly get rid of the beauty pageant.
That's very difficult and very subjective. Objectively, I think the limit—I
think you probably included accumulation, didn't you, in your Motion. The
50,000 square feet could accumulate for—did you indicate a length of time?

Council Member Wolbach: No, because Mayor Scharff had a good idea,
which was when it comes back to us, have some options there about tweaks
such as adding some rollover perhaps up to two or three years, look at
maybe eliminating or tweaking the beauty contest. Those are things that we
could discuss when it comes back to turn the Emergency Ordinance into …

Vice Mayor Kniss: For the final?

Council Member Wolbach: That'll be a part of a separate discussion,
separate from the Comprehensive Plan, so I don't want to discuss that too
much at this point. We're really talking about the Comp Plan, saying that's
important but let's do it as an Ordinance rather than the Comp Plan. We
may or may not, but that will be a future discussion.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I understand where you're going in that point. Thank you
very much. As I said, I think it's very helpful to know what that square
footage looks like.

Council Member Wolbach: Also, I just wanted to ask, with the seconder, if
you're comfortable with L-1.161 or—I was actually just suggesting we scrap
it and just get rid of the Downtown cap.

Mayor Scharff: Yes, I think it's fine to scrap the whole thing.       Council
Member Filseth.


                                                                    Page 36 of 108
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 1/30/17
