                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Speaking to the Amendment only, Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A couple or three things. If we're not clear on
what the language means and what conversion is versus new square
footage, we're not looking at adopting something that we're going to be able
to translate, interpret and enforce and implement in the future. If the
language needs to be amended—this is to the Amendment because it's
trying to get clarity on the Amendment so we know what the heck we're
voting on. If Policy L-1.10 needs to say what counts—I think it does—
towards the cumulative cap and what doesn't count towards the cumulative
cap, we can be more informed about the Amendment and the policy itself. I
would look to Staff to provide some language that clarifies and informs us on
what we're voting on.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mr. Keene: I think we could do that without having to get it maybe
wordsmithed exactly. The way the Motion would be worded as it relates to
the cap would say "any new office/R&D will count towards the 1.7 million
cap." We don't have to go back and fix the language on the existing
because this is going to supersede it.

Council Member Holman: Any new, but conversion—my interpretation, if
you have a 100,000-square-foot warehouse and you convert that to office,
it's new office.

Mr. Keene: That's right. Any new office counts against the cap.

Ms. Gitelman: I would say this language is included in Policy L-1.10 on
Packet Page 61, at the top. It suggests that it would be a Citywide cap on
office/R&D minus the SUMC. It would maintain a Citywide cap of 1.7 million
new square feet of office/R&D development, new square feet of office/R&D
development exempting medical office uses associated with the SUMC.

Council Member Holman: What were you saying didn't count when you had
a warehouse conversion to office? When does that not count?

Ms. Gitelman: Under today's rules, the rules that are in place today about
the cumulative cap, a conversion wouldn't count because we're monitoring
all nonresidential, not just office/R&D.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for the clarification. I'm agreeing with
Council Member Filseth on this. We're just raising the ante. This wasn't

                                                                        Page 44 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
