                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Fine: This is actually following up on your question about
the eclectic nature of Downtown. Given we have two members of the ARB
here, I was wondering if you have any advice on whether the Downtown
area does have a unified design character. If so or if not, how does that
relate to the Downtown North neighborhood and how does that transition
out along Kipling? If you could just give us some thoughts on that, if the
Mayor will allow it.

Mayor Scharff: Yeah, I'll allow it. Mr. Lew.

Council Member Fine: I know it's an open, wide question.

Mr. Lew: You're going to put me on the spot, and I'm not speaking—I'm
speaking off the cuff and not on behalf of the rest of the Board. I would just
say that because of this project, I've started working on a Downtown map of
all buildings. I'm actually going back in history too, back to like 1925. I
think we just have to acknowledge a couple of things, because we have—this
whole area, like Kipling Street and Lytton and Hamilton, was originally all
Victorian houses. The zoning was changed, and they are intended to be—
they're all in the commercial district. The City was doubling in size, and the
City was trying to make room for growth Downtown. The original pattern of
Downtown was based on the 25-foot module, which Karen and the Staff
Report have mentioned. What is not quite correct, though, is that a lot of
the storefronts, like around the Varsity Theatre, are actually only 15 feet
wide. They're really narrow. They're actually narrower than any commercial
developer would put in a new development. Typically a chain store would
want something at least 20-feet or really in a shopping mall it would be at
least 25-feet wide. It is diverse. Things have changed over time, but there
is in that block, I believe, a unified pattern of narrow storefronts, low
storefronts with balconies on the second floor. It's stronger, I would argue,
than any of the other blocks Downtown. I could make an argument that—I
think people are trying to make the argument that there are other big
buildings Downtown, and there are. They're at 3.0 floor area Downtown.
We don't get complaints about them. They're very attractive. It's entirely
conceivable to me that a 3.0 floor area building could work on this site if it
were designed to meet our Codes. My personal take is this one does not.

Council Member Fine:     That's actually very helpful, especially the history
there. Thank you.

Mr. Lew:    We have another Board Member too.       He's here if he wants to
weigh in.

Mr. Lait: Council, just to advise you. The other Board Member who is here
was actually conflicted on the hearing of the Item. I don't know if there's a
                                                                        Page 61 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
