                         TRANSCRIPT
political will. Back to the social equity and the climate change. I hope that
you know that you do have people in the community, many, who have your
backs as you make what might feel like bold decisions. Yesterday, I was in
conversation with somebody that I'd never met before, who grew up in Palo
Alto, who really had given up on Palo Alto as a place that would make bold
decisions. I said in the conversation, "I believe we are a community that will
do the right thing and that will make our community inclusive and climate
resilient." This Plan is the opportunity to think ahead to 2030 and what we
want to have in place. It's not a place and a time to turn back the clock.
It's a time to look ahead to the kind of community and the kind of vision that
we want and the kind of community that we all want to live in. I hope that
you do that with the creativity that we're known for and the social equity
and the climate lens that we need to look through. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.    Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Shani
Kleinhaus.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Vice Mayor Kniss and Council Members.
You've all heard the expression he who calls the tune must pay the piper. I
think the principle that you have to keep in mind when you're thinking about
housing isn't is it too many offices or too few houses. The principle is the
person who is making the money from the money-producing unit, that
office, is the person that ought to provide the housing. They have to have
people work there. They can make other arrangements if they're very large.
Google has the buses that come. Basically, I think you'd be well advised to
insist that anybody that puts up more than half a dozen offices should put in
half a dozen bedrooms nearby. The land is there. They can be attractive;
they should be attractive. It would in the long run help the businesses
because they wouldn't have to keep raising salaries and raising salaries so
that people could work. You could, of course, start with yourselves. The
teachers that we employ, the firemen, the policemen, but especially the
teachers, there are a lot of them. We could build (inaudible) housing, and
that housing could pay for itself. It could be a good investment. It needn't
be some bare bones, block house thing. It could be really nice. I think we
ought to do it. The other thing is we should build tiny units for people who
are willing to live within a small space and without a car. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus to be followed by Stuart Soffer.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Scharff, Council Members. Shani
Kleinhaus. I'm on the CAC, but I speak as a resident tonight. I wanted to
comment on the neighborhood centers and ask you not to allow housing in
our neighborhood centers that still do not have housing. The reason is that
we are going to have a lot more people. We are going to densify. We are

                                                                       Page 23 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
