                         TRANSCRIPT
they have a whole bunch of housing coming up as well.             That's a large
number for the schools to accommodate.

Mayor Scharff: Before we get to Council Member DuBois, I wanted to tell
everyone we're right at the cusp of where I would go from 2 minutes to 3
minutes. At the moment, I'd still give 3 minutes, but I want to see how
many people we put in. That means I want you all to get your speaker
cards in, because I don't want to have to make the decision between 2 and
3, and then not see how many speaker cards I have. If everyone could put
their speaker cards in now, I'd appreciate it. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:        Several questions, so short answers are
appreciated. How will significant impacts in the EIR be determined when
we're mixing and matching? There are several that say they have significant
impacts. If we pick the largest jobs growth and the largest population
growth, how will we know if that triggers unmitigable impacts?

Ms. Gitelman: That's really one of the reasons we're hoping the Council will
give us some direction this evening on the preferred alternative. Once we
know what it is, we want to do a confirming check and analysis to make sure
we're still falling within that range. That's part of the reason why we'd like
to move forward on this discussion this evening, because we have some
work to do to put together a Final EIR and confirm that we haven't broken
out of the brackets that we set in the documents before.

Council Member DuBois: You     kind of touched on this, but it's still not clear.
We had this 2014 Notice of     Preparation. We've included some updates.
How are you deciding what to   include, things that have changed? We added
the S/CAP impact, I think.     What are we including, not including as we
update?

Ms. Gitelman: We've tried to include in the scenarios changes in policy and
direction that came from the Council. Where we couldn't possibly make sure
to capture everything is changes in the external world. Really the CEQA law
is pretty specific that once the EIR process is underway, you just can't
change your assumptions every time the outside world changes. We can do
what we can, but …

Council Member DuBois: I would echo Council Member Filseth about very
large impacts. Just real quick to react to Council Member Wolbach, that was
kind of a false accusation. I don't think my op-ed was inaccurate. The video
record will show that the motions were clearly made to remove the
programs from the Comp Plan. Explicit statements were made that only
those that were legally required would be part of the Comp Plan. The
process used at that meeting of needing five votes to discuss an item is not
                                                                             Page 24 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
