                          TRANSCRIPT
SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to interview all new applicants for the Parks & Recreation
Commission and the Planning & Transportation Commission.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Scharff: Tom, I see your light on. Do you need to talk?

Council Member DuBois: Is there a second (inaudible)?

Mayor Scharff: No, there wasn't a second for Liz's Motion.

Council Member DuBois:        Even though I was at all these interviews,
September is a lot further away than November. If somebody wants to
interview, I think they should have a chance.

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Vice Mayor Kniss: Mr. Mayor, could I suggest we start at 5:00 instead of at
6:00?

Mayor Scharff: I thought of starting at 5:00, but …

Vice Mayor Kniss: Or even 5:30.

Mayor Scharff: I'm happy to start at 5:30 possibly, but I know we may or
may not be able to get people in because they were told to keep the evening
open from 6:00 onwards. There may be some people—I don't know if it's a
hardship on Council Members. If it would be a hardship at 5:30, just quickly
raise your hand. It's a hardship on Council Members, on at least two of
them. I think we should just start at 6:00. I'm sorry. Moving on.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Scharff: Agenda Changes and Deletions, I don't think we have any.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Scharff: City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager:         Thank you, Mr. Mayor and members of
Council. First item I want to share with you is that we had a really, really
nice recognition of service both to our retired Police Chief, Dennis Burns, and
Assistant Chief, Bob Beacom, last week at the Elks Lodge. A lot of folks

                                                                         Page 4 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
