                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Yes, but that's why I'm doing it that way. There's nine
Council Members—that's what we're going to do. The first thing I'm going to
take is Number 2, because we can come back to reduce the number of
programs. That's too broad. The first thing is create new opportunities for
retail/residential mixed use and pursue conversion of some non-retail
commercial FAR to residential FAR as alluded to in Policy L-6. This policy will
be separated into Programs L-1.6 and whatever. If anyone wants to make a
Motion to support that.

Vice Mayor Kniss: So moved.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to direct Staff to include in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan Update
to create new opportunities for retail/residential mixed use and pursue
conversion of some non-retail commercial Floor Area Ratio (FAR) to
residential FAR as alluded to in Policy L-6.12, this policy will be separated
into two Programs, Program L-1.16.5, and Program L-1.12.3.

Mayor Scharff: Who made the Motion?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I did.

Mayor Scharff: Kniss. Let's vote on the board on that, Number 2.

Council Member Filseth: Is she going to speak to it?

Mayor Scharff: If you want to speak to it …

Vice Mayor Kniss: Nope.

Mayor Scharff: That passes on an 8-1 vote with Council Member Tanaka
wanting more discussion on the item.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0-1 Tanaka abstain

Mayor Scharff: Number 3 would be include Policy L-2.3 about encouraging a
mix of housing types and sizes designed for greater affordability and Policy L
about encouraging a mix of smaller housing types. Anyone want to make
that Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: So moved.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Fine to direct Staff to include in the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan
Update, Policy L-2.3 about encouraging a mix of housing types and sizes

                                                                        Page 84 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
