                           TRANSCRIPT
papered up windows, it's not retail. You can't tell if it is. There's nothing
that attracts anybody into those spaces even if it is retail. If it's something
adjacent to retail, it just causes the person to stop walking and stop
shopping. I've heard this from retailers for years and years. I will not be
supporting the amendment.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: We heard from Staff this is very common in lots of
other cities. We're not doing anything crazy here. You see these windows
that are opaque or papered over. We also heard from Staff that they're not
going to enforce this against clearly retail organizations. This is really about
nonretail on a retail street. The 70-percent requirement and the ability to do
tinting for sun control, which is allowed here—we're not saying it has to be
clear glass. You can control for the sun. You could have an awning. I'm not
going to support the amendment.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I wonder if the maker and the second of this
amendment would consider tweaking it. Instead of removing them, say that
those sections shall not apply to retail or retail-like uses. It would only apply
for things like an office that is currently in a retail space.

Council Member Fine: I think that's actually a fair compromise on this.

Council Member Wolbach:       I'm looking for something where we can get a
little bit more consensus.

AMENDMENT RESTATED:            Council Member Fine moved, seconded by
Council Member Tanaka to add to the Motion, “to exempt Retail and Retail
like uses from Sections 18.30(A).055 and 18.30(C).035.”

Council Member Filseth: Staff comment on that?

Council Member Fine: It's essentially altering these two so that retail would
essentially be treated differently. We're only intending to have the clear
glass on office space.

Council Member Wolbach: It would basically just exempt those—instead of
removing those sections, you would retain them but exempt retail uses from
those regulations.

Council Member Fine: That's fair. It's a little goofy, but it's fair.


                                                                              Page 98 of 127
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                                         Transcript: 2/13/17
