                          TRANSCRIPT
Section 18.04.160(c)(3) with, ‘the Planning Director to refer the request to
the City Council.’”

Council Member Filseth: Do you care to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Holman: Do I have a second then?

Mayor Scharff: He seconded it.

Council member Holman: You are seconding it. It's addressing exactly what
the Mayor spoke to earlier. This is potentially contentious. It puts the
Director in a very difficult position. These are very important decisions that
the community is going to want to know about. We should do them in a
much more transparent manner than putting the Planning Director in a
difficult position to make these on their own.

Council Member Filseth: Let me ask a question. Let me speak to my second
briefly. Let me ask a question. I thought actually the Planning Director
putting it on Consent so it could be pulled off. Does this language allow
that?

Mayor Scharff:   No, it doesn't.

Council Member Holman:        No, but I'm amenable to that.        I said I’m
amenable to changes.

Council Member Filseth: I would support language that does that.

Council Member Holman: Okay. Planning Director, but it comes to Consent
on Council.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Filseth to add to the Motion, “update Section
18.04.160(c)(3) to require the Director’s Decision be placed on the Council’s
Consent Calendar, subject to existing procedures.” (New Part C)

Mr. Lait: The Director will make a decision; it'll show up on your Consent
Calendar. Three or more Council Members could choose to schedule it for a
discussion.

Council Member Holman: I'm good with that. Does Staff want to provide
the language? It would be the Planning Director …

Mr. Lait: We'll come up with some language. The sentiment that I’m
understanding is that the Director will make a decision. It'll be transmitted

                                                                       Page 90 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
