                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Yes. We need to vote on the whole Motion. I actually
couldn't figure out how to split it off the top of my head. Now, we just
passed it.

Mr. Keene: I think you've passed both "A" and "B" and "C."

Mayor Scharff: I think we've passed it. We've just passed it. We split it;
we passed it; we're all good.

19.   Appointment of Three Candidates to the Historic Resources Board and
      Four Candidates to the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) for
      Terms Ending December 15, 2019; and Discussion and Potential
      Appointment of one Candidate to the PARC for an Unexpired Term
      Ending December 15, 2018.

Mayor Scharff:    Now, we're moving onto Item Number 19, which is
appointment of three candidates to the Historic Resources Board and four
candidates to the Park and Recreation Commission for terms ending
December 15th and discussion and potential appointment of one candidate.
I see Vice Mayor Kniss' light on.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I am the Vice Mayor.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor, sorry. You are the Vice Mayor, yes.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Not to be overly sensitive about it.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I would like to make the following suggestion in the form
of a Motion. We continue with the Historic Resources Board appointments
tonight, but we take the Parks and Rec Commission after we re-advertise
and vote on that at some point in the future.

Mayor Scharff: Is there a second to that Motion? Yes, clarification.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member XX to
continue the appointments for the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC)
to a date uncertain and reopen recruitment for the PARC.

Council Member Holman: Just to be clear. You want to not vote on anybody
on Parks and Rec tonight. You want to reopen that because of the new
vacancy.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I want to reopen Parks and Rec but vote tonight on the
HRB.
                                                                        Page 46 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
