                         TRANSCRIPT
First off, we're planning on constructing each home individually, and not all
three homes at the same time. There will not be three houses pumping
water out at the same time. There's also a system that's come to our
attention, the secant pile, putting piles which you see around all the
commercial buildings in town that go down 20, 25 feet. They first put in
piers, and then they drop in either piers or wood posts. They create a wall
around the property. When they dig, the water is kept from coming in that
way. That's an option, but it's something new to us. We haven't done any
analysis of the cost and what impact that would be on the overall project.
I've been fortunate to have been working in Palo Alto a long time. I started
fourth grade here. I think we've done between 70 and 80 basements in Palo
Alto. We've had one or two problems with basements that I can think of.
The water table hasn't changed in 20 or 30 years, so I'm not quite sure I
understand the huge concerns. As the (inaudible) Director of Public Works
pointed out, the water all goes to the Bay either underground or on the
surface. It didn't seem, for him, to be an issue. I think Wade (inaudible) is
going to come up with some other comments about it. Basements are very
common. I would hope that you could support our proposal. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.      Nicholas Kaposhilin followed by Bob Smith,
who's our final speaker.

Nicholas Kaposhilin, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: I'm also
here to talk about 900 North California. Can I just get everyone to stand up
who's here for that issue? This shouldn't be on the Consent Calendar; we
need more discussion. It's a commercial-size project. It's an R-1, but it
somehow slipped through the cracks. It shouldn't be an R-1. It's a 33,000-
square-foot project. All the details about the dewatering isn't something
that we can cover as a Consent Item. It's something that clearly the
residents are pretty concerned about for a myriad of reasons. We, for
whatever reasons, didn't get the notifications that we should have. We were
all waiting for them; summer went by. We have an opportunity to have the
discussion that we need to have. I think it's pretty clear from the turnout
today and the letters that you've received over the last couple of weeks that
this is not something that should just be consented to. We need more
discussion. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we return to Council.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I would move the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to approve
Agenda Item Numbers 5-11.
                                                                      Page 44 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
