                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: These are sites that were identified in the Housing Element as
opportunity sites for the production of affordable housing. Looking at SOFA
Ii here, there certainly are references explicitly to the Housing Element and
the housing rate program and recognition of housing policies changing over
time. I do understand that some of these—you're right. We are trying to
create incentives, and those incentives would result in redevelopment of
those properties. That's the objective. The Council will need to weigh the
benefits of that or not.

Council Member Holman: I would encourage the Council and Staff to do
some outreach to the neighborhood to see what their feelings about this kind
of change in the neighborhood. TDMs, I agree with other comments. I think
100 trips is too much. Also, there is some TDRs out there that don't require
parking currently. The new ones do require parking, but there are some old
ones, I think, that are still out there. Those should require a TDM program,
it would seem. I agree with Council Member DuBois that the reporting
interval should be probably annually after the first 2 years. The auto
dealerships, I don't know of any auto dealerships that are quite the way I
was hearing them or at least understanding them being describe by the
Staff. I think of some of the auto dealerships that have service associated
with the dealership. It's pretty massive, the amount of floor area ratio that's
dedicated to parking for cars that are being serviced. I think that's a big
loophole that we would live to regret. Also, the onsite loading zone, I think
other Council Members have spoken to that. I think it's—even though the
size of the trucks may be smaller, I'm Downtown and I see fairly frequently
trucks that are blocking the street. It's becoming more and more of an
urban hazard to have trucks parked in the street while they're loading and
unloading. I think those are my comments.

Mayor Scharff: I had a couple of comment. I guess I want to understand
what we told HCD in terms of the small consideration. Did we tell them we
would do any of these "A" through "G," "A" through "M"? What were the, I
guess, promises or implied promises that we made in our Housing Element?

Ms. Campbell: If you could just give me a moment, I can pull up the specific
program language, and then I can share that with you.

Mayor Scharff: I'll just say that I think Council Member Holman raises some
good points. SOFA is a wonderful neighborhood. There are certain of those
sites that, I think, I would be fine with being redeveloped. There are a lot of
little neighborhood retails. I was pulling up some of them, and some of
them are dry cleaners and small businesses. We talk about neighborhood
character a lot, and this is something that actually could really change the
neighborhood character. I do have concerns about it. I'm concerned that in

                                                                        Page 80 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
