                          TRANSCRIPT
you have any kind of idea or plan for updating the sign Ordinance? It is
outdated. If you look around the whole City, probably fully half of our signs
are illegal. Is there any timing on that that's considered?

Mr. Lait: No, it's not a part of our current work program. I do understand
some of the concerns that have been expressed about the Sign Code.

Council Member Holman: A question about the North Face site, and it's a
question for Staff. If there isn't enough parking there for retail, although,
North Face was there for a long time. If it were to flip to office, would there
be enough parking then either?

Mr. Lait: I don't know the specifics about the site. I do recall meeting and
talking to Mr. Ehikian about that site. Generally, retail has a higher parking
requirement than office.

Council Member Holman: I understand that. I was just wondering if there
would be enough parking. I think it's probably an under-parked building no
matter what goes there, but I don't know that to be clear.

Mr. Lait: I don't recall enough details about the site to answer that.

Council Member Holman: The changes regarding Addison, a couple of
questions. I guess one of them is a comment as much as it's a question. I
don't understand how we could change what the allowed uses are in this
Ordinance because that's a part of the SOFA II cap. It seems to me we
would have to amend the SOFA II cap. That's one. Those two properties
have not gone through the waivers and adjustments as called for in the
Ordinance.

Mr. Lait: What was the second part of your question?

Council Member Holman: Those two properties also have not gone through
the waivers and adjustment process that's identified in the Ordinance.

Mr. Lait: That's correct on the second part. Actually we've received a
formal request for 100 Addison. The Council considered that. That's the
only property that has formally requested a waiver, and that was not
supported. No other property has formally requested a waiver under the
interim Ordinance.

Council Member Holman: The Addison Antiques site hasn't gone through
this process, so we wouldn't be making that action tonight anyway. Plus, it
would be—wouldn't it require an amendment to the SOFA II cap? How could
we make a change with this Ordinance?

                                                                        Page 64 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
