                         TRANSCRIPT
Special Orders of the Day

3.   Proclamation Expressing Appreciation to Annie Folger for Outstanding
     Public Service on her Retirement.

Mayor Scharff: The next order of the day is a Special Order of the Day,
which is a Proclamation expressing appreciation to Annie Folger for
outstanding public service on her retirement. I've asked Council Member
DuBois to read that Resolution. Annie, are you here somewhere? There you
are. Why don't you come on up to the podium?

Council Member DuBois read the proclamation into the record. I'd like to
just say a few words. The importance of local media and having media skills
and video should not be underestimated. The press is the fourth estate of
government, and local cable access plays a role in that. I wanted to thank
you. We definitely have a Media Center that we can be proud of. I hope
you enjoy your retirement. I hope maybe you'll come back and produce a
TV show. Thank you.

Annie Folger: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: We also …

Ms. Folger: Mayor Scharff and Vice Mayor Kniss and City Council Members, I
would like to take just a moment to thank you for your support over the
years. I'm usually pretty comfortable with public speaking, but this is a very
emotional moment for me. I have just a few notes. I promise to be brief. I
would like to make just a few comments, if I could. Thank you. First of all,
I'm really touched that you would take the time to acknowledge the work of
the Media Center. It really means a great deal. I wanted to point out that
back on October 16, 1989, from that corner of the room there was a video
booth. I was in that booth operating the camera so that the very first Palo
Alto City Council meeting could go live on cable television. The Media Center
had no staff; we had no office. We were trying to get our funding in order,
and we had two founding Board Members. I was one of them operating the
cameras that night. It was really a wonderful experience. I'm so glad to be
here tonight to feel the importance of the work that we've been able to do
with your help. It's a great honor to receive your recognition, and it's a
responsibility that I've taken very seriously over the years. There are media
centers all over the country that are struggling financially. Our Media Center
has been so incredibly lucky thanks to the Cable Co-op and the legacy grant
that they put in place, the Legacy Fund, whose purpose was to fund our
building and equipment in perpetuity throughout the years.           That has
sustained us. We were very, very lucky for that. I would like to thank our
Board of Directors, the wonderful staff, the dedicated volunteers and crew
                                                                       Page 28 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
