                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Chop Keenan to be followed by John Shenk.

Chop Keenan: Good evening. Chop Keenan, 700 Emerson. The Downtown
is a classic mixed-use district, very mixed, retail, office, hotel, residential
and City Hall. The one-size-fits-all proposed Ordinance for Downtown, SOFA
II, Cal. Ave., Midtown and El Camino is definitely mixing apples and oranges.
SOFA II was a 3-year specific plan and EIR. There is no parking district in
SOFA.      To change the zoning without an EIR is very problematic.
Densification on University Avenue has been very successful since 2009 and
then '13. The City and stakeholders performed an exhaustive 6-month
review, face block by face block, building by building. The Zoning Map was
ultimately drawn with a laser, not a spray can. Retail by mandate won't fill
the space in light of the current big box and internet retail environment.
What to do explained in 3 minutes. Eliminate the one-size-fits-all Citywide
Ordinance. The Downtown core and SOFA Ii are already highly regulated
and shouldn't be included in the Ordinance except to expand the allowable
retail uses definition in the core and SOFA, all without a CUP. Delete
onerous City modifications including the counterproductive design guidelines
and the 25-percent ground-floor exemption off California Avenue due to our
very deep lot sizes. Whole Foods, CVS, Walgreens, Aquarius would all be in
violation of this new design guideline. Signs are more important than
storefronts. Sign Ordinance needs to be modernized. Incidentally, we have
just concluded new long-term leases with Aquarius, Whole Foods and
HanaHaus. Return to the 2009, 2013 retail only map. Everything else can
go either/or, startup, service, commercial or even retail. The proof is in the
pudding. Every year since 2009 our Downtown resale tax revenues have
increased. The Downtown proposed Ordinance is a classic solution looking
for a problem. Eliminate the new grandfathering or alternate means of
snap-back retail regulation, in other words the nonconforming aspect. The
idea of continuous ground-floor retail is simply not achievable; it's not on the
ground now. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. John Shenk to be followed by Brad Ehikian.

John Shenk: Thank you, Mayor Scharff and members of the City Council.
Thank you for this chance to speak on this. I am not the retail guru. I have
been in real estate a long time. Maybe I should mention I'm John Shenk,
address 629 Emerson, and the CEO for the Thoits family who have been
retailers in Downtown for over 100 years, civic citizens, helped the City
become a city, on the back wall, all those good things. We care about this
City, and we care deeply about the Downtown and its vitality. As I read this
Ordinance, I too thought, as Chop mentioned a minute ago, that it really
was a solution looking for a problem. It seemed to me going back to 2015
and looking at the facts and findings or whatever it is, the Council said,
                                                                         Page 47 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
