                          TRANSCRIPT
the most famous companies in the history of the world have their origins
here. That's not something that many cities can say. Think about that.
Some of the most famous in the history of the world. I think when we send
a message that we put in housing caps and things like this, we create an
incentive for these businesses to move elsewhere, whether within the Valley
or to San Francisco or to other communities entirely. The relationship
between residential and office/R&D is actually a synergistic one.             It
contributes to a strong tax base that allows us to maintain a super low
residential property tax. A lot of communities can't do that because they
don't have that alternate source of revenues.           Additionally, I think it
generates demand for the retail sector in the Downtown region that sustains
the kind of retail that a lot of people want. Net-net, it's good. On height
limits, I think the debate on this is a little straw man at times. Relaxing the
height limit and building a 70-foot building does not convert us into the
financial district. We have regions of the City which have relatively compact
development, and I would like to see some experimental taller buildings. I
think they could be architecturally integrated into the City. We can solve
what is a massive housing crisis. There are senior citizens who are banking
on the equity in their homes to support their retirement, who cannot do that
when they leave without moving out of the City, because there's nowhere for
them to buy into that's smaller. I think it's vital that we confront the
housing crisis by relaxing the height limit. Thank you so much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Former Vice Mayor Greg Schmid to be followed
by Jessica Clark. If we could refrain from clapping, we sort of have a rule
against it.

Greg Schmid: Good evening, Council Members. Tonight's a special night,
your first opportunity to really talk about land use and transportation
together. L-8 was a policy in the current Comp Plan that does that, talks
about the two. It states explicitly commercial growth limit to minimize
deteriorating traffic conditions within the City. You discussed the other day
the Citizens Survey. The Citizens Survey clearly identifies deteriorating
traffic and parking conditions. If you look at the historical numbers in that
survey, traffic flow, ease of parking, ease of car travel, housing options, the
2016 numbers were all 15-30 percent beneath the levels of the previous five
years. Five years below that, they are between 30 and 55 percent beneath.
We're in the midst of deteriorating conditions. What does L-8 say? It said
there should be a growth cap of 3.2 million square feet. The current
proposal before you says, we've only used 1.5 million, so it leaves us with
1.7.    Those are only under monitored conditions.          If you take total
nonresidential growth, there's actually two million other square feet that
have gone into hospitals and not-for-profits. The Veterans Hospital, the Palo
Alto Medical Clinic, the Stanford University Medical Center actually took two
                                                                         Page 11 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
