                          TRANSCRIPT
rates. Has that been the trend in general? I think it was Downtown North
and College Terrace, Evergreen, Southgate.

Ms. Richardson: I asked about that. I think part of the reason—the map is
a little bit different this year. If you look at the map on Page 5, we moved
Palo Alto Hills into Area 4 for better alignment demographically. There's
fewer residents in Area 5 than there are in some of the other areas. If you
look at Page 6 in the survey and you look at the number of surveys
distributed, it was actually a fairly low number. It's because there's not as
much of a population in those particular neighborhoods. When you get the
response rate—actually their response rate is low, but it's also fairly
consistent with Area 6, which had the highest number of surveys mailed.

Council Member Fine: That's helpful. Thank you. Just a last thing. Just
looking over this, there are a couple of different ways of thinking about our
City's population. I was kind of writing down some of these cohorts.
They're young folks; they're working folks, they're people with children;
there's renters and owners; there's income levels, retired or longtime
residents. Just would suggest to us all that this is a nice way of considering
our citizenry. That's how I kind of saw the responses breaking down in a big
way. I'll be excited to look at the Tableau reports to kind of look at that, see
how do renters versus owners consider our Community Services or our
schools. That's a nice way to look at these things. Thank you very much for
this report; it's very helpful. I encourage everyone to play with the Tableau
reports; it's a really nice way to look at our City.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Anyone else? Karen.

Council Member Holman: Just one at the moment. Thank you for the
report.   Look forward to having the opportunity to dig into it more
completely. Thank you. One question. I was a little perplexed by this one.
On your Slide 29 about Animal Services, it talks about number of animals
handled declined 34 percent. It says primarily due to loss of Mountain View
contract. As you noted, that was in 2012. I'm not understanding why this
result would be so far lagging.

Ms. Richardson: I'm comparing 2011 to 2016 in this particular number. In
2011, we still had the Mountain View contract, so that's why the number was
higher then. We lost it at the end of—I think it was November of 2012.

Council Member Holman: Compared to 2011 and now. That makes more
sense. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Greg.

                                                                          Page 22 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
