                         TRANSCRIPT
others and develop a dialog about respect for differences and diversity in
Palo Alto. RSVPs are required, so please contact Mary Constantino at
mary.constantino@cityofpaloalto.org or call 650-463-4906. I think just on
the heels of the Council Resolution that you unanimously adopted about the
values of our City as a welcoming and inclusive community, this is a nice
session that the HRC is holding. Finally, just an update for folks. We have
posted this on our website. It does deal with the Edgewood Plaza hearing
related to the appeal of the daily fine that the City has levied against the
property owner for failure to meet the terms and requirements of having a
grocery store in the shopping center.         It has been rescheduled from
tomorrow until Monday, February 13th, at 9:30 a.m. We don't have a room
yet, but it will be here at City Hall. As I mentioned, we've posted all of the
information related to Edgewood Plaza on the City's website at
cityofpaloalto.org/edgewood.       The hearing is a hearing held by an
independent Hearing Officer to hear the arguments. The Hearing Officer is
either able to close the hearing or ask for more information but, in any case,
would be issuing a decision within 30 days as required under the Code, once
the hearing is closed. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Scharff: Now, we move onto Oral Communications. We have several
speakers. The first speaker is Mark Petersen-Perez. You'll have three
minutes.

Mark Petersen-Perez: When I think back on my career in financing and in
public speaking—I taught public speaking for over 25 years. Much different
audience; much, much different audience. There would be maybe 200, 300,
400 in attendance. I'd make them laugh. I'd make them cry, and I'd make
them get angry with me. I'm sure that has been the case with many of you
here today. What got me angry is when I heard from Ron Watson that Patty
Lum is going to be the Acting Police Chief. Let me tell you something. I was
accused of some vicious, horrible crimes in this community. The Palo Alto
Police Department kind of labeled me as a Brock Turner. That's how serious
it was. Now, why am I getting angry? Because Patty Lum called my mother
looking for my whereabouts. At the time, my mother was 80 years old, and
she was in tears when I came home that evening. I was angry because
there is no room, absolutely no room whatsoever, for an abusive police
officer to remain on this force. If I had my choice, I would terminate her
employment because my mother has said nothing negatively about the Palo
Alto Police Department all these years, over 10 years. You know what she
would tell me? Mark, have respect for these officers. Mark, these officers

                                                                        Page 7 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
