                          TRANSCRIPT
again, is an even bigger issue. Of course, benefits, CalPERS. It's a
burgeoning issue, has been and continues to be. We would be wise to take
that up. I did add one, which is living up to City promises and agreements.
There are a number of things that fall under this, Code enforcement, traffic
violations, noise violations, assessing and collecting appropriate fines,
adherence to project plans and conditions of approval. Having gone to two
of the Town Hall meetings last year, both of them this year as well, I don't
know if there was anything that came up more than Code enforcement.
Whether it is construction routes associated with development projects or
whether it is illegal uses in ground-floor zoned buildings or whether it's—leaf
blowers come up quite a bit too, and the City's making progress on that.
This also supports the focus that our City Auditor is going to have this year
on initiating a Code enforcement audit. This goes beyond that, though. As
we see in the four-pager that the City Auditor prepared for us, if you look
just under stewardship, generally acting in the best interest of the
community. Overall confidence in Palo Alto government. The value of
services for taxes paid, and sense of community. Those alone address what
citizens expect for us to be doing. These are quality of life issues. They are
public trust issues. As we look at what we're going to be doing in terms of
adding housing stock, which I think we all are one degree or another
interested in doing, especially on the affordable housing end of that. For us
to be successful in that regard, we need to be able to demonstrate to the
public that we can manage what we have now. If we're going to add more
to manage, we have to be able to manage what we have now and give the
community the confidence that we will not overburden our ability to maintain
and manage a quality of life that people have a reasonable right to expect
based on our Comprehensive Plan and on our public statements and our
campaign statements and our individual comments that we make all the
time and very regularly. This is critical, and it is really time that we address
it. You heard from several comments today, but we hear it regularly. We
have some opportunities to be able to address this. The question of how do
we pay for something like this, if we would but collect some of the fines that
are probably outstanding, we would have some funding to support this. We
have collected a fair amount of money from the Edgewood noncompliance.
The City's been doing a much better job of facing that issue. We have some
rough, back-of-the-envelope numbers between $500,000-$700,000 that
we've collected on that regard. I don't need to point out the Castilleja. It's
just another point and a comment also about Code enforcement and
compliance. Infrastructure, I'm not not supportive of that. At the same
time, we are far enough along in a lot of our commitments—we've made the
commitment to the bike bridge. We've made the commitment to the Public
Safety Building. I don't know that we need to continue that this year as a
separate Priority. The Comprehensive Plan, we're also so far along in that.
I'd be open to having—this year, we have four Priorities. I'd be open to
                                                                          Page 53 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
