                         TRANSCRIPT
unconstitutional taking was a really high threshold. This is intended to allow
an opportunity for a waiver where the use is still meeting the purpose of the
district and the Comprehensive Plan land use designation and encouraging
that pedestrian-oriented, active use. The documentation requirement that's
proposed in the Ordinance puts the burden on the applicant to show—one,
they would have to show a 10-year history of the occupancy of the building.
Has it been retail in the past, and has that been—the idea being has that
been a viable use. A map that indicates all of the existing surrounding uses
and their zoning. If you're just a one-off retail business not surrounded by
other retail, you might not have the foot traffic and there may be more
propensity to allow an alternate use.

Council Member DuBois: Some of these examples we heard, I guess, would
fit into this new process, it sounds like.

Ms. Eisberg: Maybe. For example, if there was an existing retail or retail-
like that was surrounded on both sides by office or other uses that were
nonretail, then perhaps that would be more of a reason to allow a waiver
where there's just not the foot traffic to support it.

Council Member DuBois: I saw there was an addition in the Ordinance to
measure use annually. Don't we already do that through the Business
Registry?

Ms. Eisberg: I think that was in relationship to the annual reporting, so yes.
One, through the Registry, but also the Downtown monitoring report looks at
retail use. It looks at retail uses in addition to vacancy, sales tax.

Council Member DuBois: It just wasn't clear if we were basically adding a
second annual survey.

Ms. Eisberg: No, no. That came out of a recommendation from the PTC just
to add that.

Council Member DuBois: We would just do it as part …

Ms. Eisberg: Part of that Downtown monitoring report.

Council Member DuBois: Real quick, on Page 421 could you explain the PC
zoning issue? At the top.

Ms. Eisberg: Right now the PC zone is—this was a recommendation from
Council to consider how this Ordinance would affect the PC zone. Basically,
because a PC is applied to a parcel, essentially this—sorry. The question
from the Council last fall was about how the PC zoned parcels would align

                                                                       Page 71 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
