                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Karen, this is not the question. We're getting off track. The
question was do you accept the Motion. You said—the amendment.

Council Member Holman: I do not.

Mayor Scharff: You do not.

Council Member Holman: At some point in time before we vote, I want to
have a clarification about the original and Substitute Motion.

Mayor Scharff: You do not.

Council Member DuBois: I will second it.

AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Filseth
moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois to remove Part E from the
Substitute Motion.

Mayor Scharff: You'll second it. Now, we're just talking to this issue. Do
you want to speak just to the issue of living up to City agreements?

Council Member Holman: I think I've already done that.

Mayor Scharff: Anyone else want to speak?

Council Member DuBois: Just to speak to my second, because I originally
accepted it. I do think it's really important. I'm disagreeing with you there,
Karen. I just think it can be incorporated under some of these other
Priorities. It needs to be a focus. How we word it and what we do, traffic
enforcement, there are a lot of areas where people would disagree with the
Mayor that we're doing those things. We're working to improve it, but it
needs attention. I disagree that it shouldn't be one of the top four.

Council Member Holman: This has nothing to do with that. I apologize for
interrupting. I just got a text from somebody saying the meeting was
scheduled to 2:00, but the stream has stopped. They're not able to see it at
home any more. I don't know if that can be fixed or not.

Mayor Scharff: Lydia.

Council Member Kou: As the City continues to grow, we have a lot of pilot
programs that are coming up and, of course, TMA and the TDMs that are not
really in place and moving forward as smoothly as we'd like to see it and not
even evaluate it, that I've seen, and transparent to all the residents and
citizens here in town. I really think that living up to our City agreements or

                                                                        Page 71 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
