                         TRANSCRIPT
a monolithic residentialist block who want zero growth and pro-development
factions who want only wanton growth is ridiculous. I certainly did not vote
for those kinds of people. You were chosen to see all the shades of gray,
not the black and white. One of the issues, the 50-foot height limit for
example, does not mean wanton growth but rather the reality that each floor
of a four-story building, in order to meet current Building Code, must be a
little bit more than 10 feet high due to more infrastructure required between
floors, especially if you want retail on the ground floor. This does not
automatically give way to a wall of high-rises down El Camino. Another item
spread across the newsprint was the dropping of programs from the
Comprehensive Plan. I've been a Parks and Rec Commissioner working on
the Parks Master Plan and have helped to first develop goals and then
policies within goals, and then programs within policies. We discovered
during that process that when you get to that lowest program level, you
realize that they have limited value in a 25-year plan. Each year in that 25
years, programs are going to be revised, added to, and completed. That
said, they are essential. They are the first set, the fine examples, the
momentum gatherers. They get the creative juices flowing and get the
Commissioners and Council Members now and in the future energized and
focused. They set the tone. Some are short term, and some are long term
but have short-term, foundational work that must be started soon. I do
hope that you will put the programs so carefully back into the
Comprehensive Plan with a caveat, even though they are not the perfect list
or at the very least keep them close at hand and reviewed each quarter to
see what to work on next. The Comprehensive Plan does not have to be all
the answers today for what we will do for 25 years, but rather set direction,
energize the people, get those creative juices flowing. We need that badly
to solve the very hard and very important issues that have been raised
today. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.     Cheryl Lilienstein to be followed by Vita
Borgunova.

Cheryl Lilienstein: Good evening, everybody. The action taken last week by
the City Council was very disturbing to me. After all the power grabs done
by the Trump administration that are now causing such havoc in the public
realm, it was shocking to see the Palo Alto City Council acting similarly, not
having any discussion and calling for a vote that had most likely been
created behind closed doors. You eliminated the hard work of the Citizens
Advisory Committee (CAC), and that Committee as you know—you know it
because at least one of you worked on it—worked really hard to hammer out
the programs for the Comprehensive Plan. Countless hours, countless
hours. Those voting for eliminating the work of the CAC have the nerve to
advise the public to just calm down. It was insulting. It certainly reminded
                                                                        Page 18 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
