                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Pat, I'm trying to see where you are. Why don't you
stand up too? I just hate to talk about somebody who's sitting down. I
have thoroughly enjoyed working with … I've really enjoyed working with
Pat. Especially I enjoy our other conversations which have revolved around
what he does for a living, what I've done in the past as well. I think one of
the things that we have become is friends. I really appreciate that. I too
have a token for Pat because he's an adamant bike-rider, absolutely
adamant. Most of you know I'm an adamant non-bike-rider. I recently got
this at one of the public health meetings. You all remember I have a
background in public health. I should ride a bike, but I promise you I do get
exercise. I have this for you, if you'd come on up. This goes on your bike.
It not only flashes, it also does flash-flash. It does a solid one. You can
even turn it off.

Patrick Burt: Thanks, Liz.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thanks, Pat, for all your service by the way. It's been
enormous. Pat has done the regional outreach, I think, as much as any of
us have. I really appreciate that. It makes a difference. I know Larry
Moody would say that, especially when we talk about the creeks, where we
have finally gotten to a point that our creeks will be protected and our
nearby communities will really benefit from that. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to say thank you. There's not a ton
I can add beyond what's already been said. As with Council Member Berman
and maybe even more so, I appreciate that you've been a great mentor to a
lot of us, especially those of us in the freshman class, what was the
freshman for the last two years of the Council. I know that over the last
couple of years you and I have passionately agreed where we did and
passionately disagreed where we didn't, but I know that it was always about
the policy, never personal, and always because we cared a lot about the
future of Palo Alto, like everybody here. I'll also take this opportunity to say
welcome to the new members. I know that you're all here for the same
reason, which is we love Palo Alto and we want to make it even better over
the next few years. Thanks, Pat, for setting that example.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I too want to thank Council Member and Mayor Burt,
especially when I started the emergency preparedness program and helping
me further Quakeville. I don't know how many of you remember that, but it
                                                                          Page 13 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
