                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:                Council Member Fine moved,
seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to direct Staff to include in the final draft of
the Comprehensive Plan Update:

A.    Eliminate Development Requirements and Community Indicators in the
      Comprehensive Plan; and

B.    Direct Staff to consider a Community Indicator Program as part of the
      next iteration of the Annual Performance Report or another on-going
      monitoring effort.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no second, let's vote on the board on the original
Motion. That passes on an 8-1 Motion with Council Member Holman voting
no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Holman no

Mayor Scharff: I just need a second to make sure that we've—I believe
we're down to Number H.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Scharff, if I can just introduce this briefly. When we
assimilated all the comments we got from the Council in late November, we
picked out the things that we thought there might be consensus on. I
apologize if we got this wrong. We were really hoping on this slide, the next
slide and in your Staff Report, Item H were things that there was general
agreement about.

Mayor Scharff: I think you got it wrong, but we'll go through it.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Can I make a comment, just a comment?

Mayor Scharff: Sure, go ahead. Let me finish. Let me tee it up first, unless
you wanted to tee it up in the comment. Let me just tee it up. I'm actually
thinking about it's 10:00 and we still need to do the Transportation Element
and we still need to look through—there's probably other things that people
have comments on, or motions, in the rest of the Comp Plan, the land use
part of it. I'm thinking about using on this and going forward what we were
doing earlier. If someone wants to make a Motion on any of these items, we
can vote. The maker of the Motion, if he gets a second or she gets a
second, can speak to the Motion. I don't think the seconder needs to speak.
Then, if you want to have discussion on the item—I mean that sincerely—put
on your yellow light. If we don't get five members, then we'll discuss the
item. Otherwise, we can just vote on the item.

Vice Mayor Kniss: You're going through all 11 of these?

                                                                          Page 83 of 108
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/30/17
