                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: All right. Last question for Staff. What was at the
very top of my Motion was to apply the R, which is the California Avenue
retail requirement or overlay, to references having to do with ground-floor
retail where GF is also referenced.

Mayor Scharff: We do need to vote on that.

Council member Holman: I'm sorry?

Mayor Scharff: We need to vote on this, Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'm so sorry. I was thinking it was accepted.

Mayor Scharff: Right now, you've spoken to your Motion. You've spoken to
your second. Council Member Tanaka will now speak.

Council Member Tanaka: It's about 11:00. We just bumped an item. We
disappointed a lot of members of the community. A lot of people came here
to speak on RPP, and we just bumped it. I know all of us want to do good
things. One thing that's really important for Council to do is learn how to
delegate. I'm not going to support this Motion mainly because we need to
trust Staff. We need to empower our Staff and our Commissions to make
decisions.

Mayor Scharff: We need to speak to the Amendment, not the …

Council Member Tanaka: I'm speaking to the Amendment. That's why I
think for an Amendment we need to empower our Staff. If we don't want to
keep bumping items and disappointing the community and staying here 'til
1:00 in the morning, we need to delegate. We need to trust people. We're
dealing with (inaudible) here. That's why I'm not going to support it.

Mayor Scharff:   Council Member Fine. No, okay. Let's vote on the
Amendment. That passes on a 6-3 Motion with Council Members Kniss,
Tanaka and Fine voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Fine, Kniss, Tanaka no

Council Member Holman: The very last thing was—I'm not going to go into
detail about this tonight. I'd like Staff to come back, when they bring this
back to identify places where there might be opportunities missed or
guidance missed maybe, where the GF exists in the Ordinance that also
might include R. R is California Avenue. The reason I bring that up is
because there's some places in the Ordinance where GF is referenced. It
talks about ground-floor retail, but it doesn't include the R, which is

                                                                     Page 92 of 127
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 2/13/17
