                          TRANSCRIPT
do that. I just want to support him and the Palo Alto Medical Foundation in
saying that I would urge you to do whatever you can to help the police get
rid of the trucks. Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Minutes Approval

4.    Approval of Action Minutes for the February 13 and 27, 2017 Council
      Meetings.

Mayor Scharff: That brings us to the Consent Calendar. We have one
speaker on the Consent Calendar, Herb Borock. The Minutes, I forgot the
Minutes. I need a Motion on the Minutes.

Council Member Filseth: Move to approve the Minutes.

Council Member Fine: Moved.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Fine to approve the Action Minutes for the February 13 and 27, 2017 Council
Meetings.

Mayor Scharff: Moved and seconded. Moved by Council Member Filseth,
seconded by Council Member Fine. If we could vote on the board. That
passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Scharff:     Now, we come to the Consent Calendar.            Herb Borock,
welcome.

Herb Borock, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 13: Thank you,
Mayor Scharff. This is on 429 University Avenue. I'd like to repeat what I
said at your meeting on February 6. There is substantial evidence provided
that this project has an unmitigated, potentially significant impact in that it's
using floor area from 340 University Avenue, which is a demolished building,
when it can only use floor area from rehabilitated buildings. Demolition is
not included in the term "rehabilitation." For that reason, I believe you need
an Environmental Impact Report. I had previously provided you evidence
from an executive branch in California and Oregon to demonstrate that
rehabilitation and demolition are different terms.          There's additional
evidence from the judicial branch in Connecticut saying the same thing.
Thank you.
                                                                              Page 8 of 91
                                                              Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 03/20/17
