                          TRANSCRIPT
Manager put together. That would be a starting point for that. With that, I
don't know if anyone has any comments they want to make. Tom.

Council Member DuBois: Overall, that makes a lot of sense. I'm a little
confused about how we're going to take this list, which is a particular
subset—there's some key categories missing entirely. How do we get to a
good starting point? We're starting in a particular direction. I'm not sure it's
entirely—a lot of it's good, but there are some things missing.

Mr. Keene: Trust me, Staff has no interest in imposing on the Council what
we would think are the issues. It seemed clear that there are a lot of things
that are already set. Most of the things that we have here on these lists are
not new things we're generating. They're directives we've already been
given. They are expressions of things in this area. To be honest with you, I
didn't put everything that even I would think would be a project, thinking
the Council would be adding projects.

Council Member DuBois: I'm not even thinking of big categories. The built
environment seems to be missing. Anything to do with commercial space is
just not there.

Mr. Keene: That's a good point. I'll go back to what I said. This was trying
to group some projects under what we could put together in a way that
made some sense to us. I put budget and finance there. You very well
would say that's not going to be one of our Priorities. Yet, we're going to be
doing a lot of work here, and it will have an impact on our ability to
accomplish some of these things that clearly are Priorities. We wanted to
highlight it and call it out. I think what the Council has to do, after you hear
from the public, is relook at this, identify the Priorities themselves and the
language you want to use for it. If you put the built environment, then
you're going to have to do a little bit of work here. Either some of these
things move out or you've got to add some other projects to it. I would love
it if, at least by the end of the day, we have a really good feeling of what
those projects would be as you change this around. I know that seems a
little bit harder than last year, but it'll be more meaningful than last year.
You guys have to do some hard work here yourselves about identifying
what's most worthwhile. This isn’t going to be the end of the road. After
this, we'll come back. We may have to refine it for you and send it back to
you after today. I think you'll walk out of here saying here are our Priorities.
Not only that, we don't have just some huge list of the projects; we're
saying here today what you see as most important. I think it'll be clearer
than it was last year, when we just gave a "6" and a "5" to different things.
That's all.


                                                                          Page 38 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
