                          TRANSCRIPT
position. It would come back to Council for any decision. I think this Item
was added by our Vice Mayor Kniss, who really heard a lot and took to heart,
I guess, what we were hearing from a lot of the business owners. Basically,
for those two reasons, I think on process grounds I'm not going to support
doing this right now in this way.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I think Part B makes a lot of sense. I want to
applaud that for being highlighted. I think for "A" I definitely would want to
make sure that the business community, especially restaurant owners, also
had a say in this as well when it's revisited. I think that's my only ask about
Point A. I do know that a lot of especially restaurant owners would be very
concerned about this one.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I don't have anything to say on these particular ones,
but I have something else I want to pull. Is this appropriate time or is it
later on?

Mayor Scharff: It's now. You've had your light on.

Council Member Kou: On the Active Advocacy Items, Item A, on a pilot
basis authorize Palo Alto and potentially the surrounding area as a place for
autonomous vehicle testing, I'd like to have that one removed.

Council Member DuBois: You need to make a Motion.

Council Member Kou: I'd like to move to have that removed from the Active
Advocacy Items for the 2017 legislative priorities.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not going to accept that as a friendly
Amendment, but I'm open to persuasion on it.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kou moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to add to the Motion, “remove from Active Advocacy Items, ‘on a pilot
basis, authorize Palo Alto and potentially the surrounding area as a place for
autonomous vehicle testing.’”

Mayor Scharff: You need a second.

Council Member Kou: I wasn't making an Amendment to yours.

Mayor Scharff: What you're doing is making an Amendment to his Motion,
because we only have one Motion on the floor at a time. If that's what you
                                                                         Page 37 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
