                         TRANSCRIPT
on this Amendment. I'll not be supporting the Amendment. I just think that
the suggestion that we're off to a poor start because we might not be
unanimous on everything is—that actually does a disservice to the
conversation we're having here, the conversation we're having with the
public, with the CAC and with the Staff and with each other. We'll probably
have some more 5-4 votes, but we might also have some 7-2 votes.
Hopefully, we'll actually get some unanimous votes. I hope that because
somebody has an idea, we don't diminish that or dismiss that as in some
way inappropriate just because we might disagree.

Mayor Scharff: With that, we'll vote on the board.

Mr. Keene: Just voting on …

Mayor Scharff:      The Amendment.        Vote on the Amendment.
Notwithstanding Council Member DuBois' comments, it is a 7-2 vote.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-7 Fine, Tanaka yes

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're back to the original Motion. Are we ...

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor …

Mayor Scharff: Adrian had another …

Mr. Keene: I'll defer, but I wasn't sure that "B" was absolutely clear. It
doesn't speak to the 50,000 square feet. I thought that was the intent.
Direct Staff to return addressing the annual limit or is that leaving that
open? I'm just saying so (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff:    Why don't we clarify the Motion as the City Manager
requests?

Council Member Wolbach: Briefly to clarify. Direct Staff to return with
options for making permanent the annual limit Ordinance including
consideration of a 2-3-year rollover. Actually, do we want to mention that or
leave it all out?

Mayor Scharff:   I would just (crosstalk).   Why don't you just say 50,000
(crosstalk).

Council Member Wolbach: 50,000-square-foot annual limit and options for
amending it based on experience with the pilot. Leave it to Staff to suggest
options. I don't want to get into trying to have that conversation tonight.


                                                                      Page 46 of 108
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/30/17
