                          TRANSCRIPT
one of the next work products you see, bring all those programs together
and prioritize them. There are so many that we will have to identify those
that rise to the surface for implementation and those that we'll get to them if
we can. Tonight's goal is to get your guidance on these two critical elements
of the Comprehensive Plan. As you know, when we set out on the CAC
process, there was an anticipation that the CAC would potentially have
majority and minority opinions on controversial subjects. Instead, the CAC
really elected to go in a different direction and outline policy choices for the
Council. This turned out to be a very constructive way to frame the issues.
We're bringing you this evening the choices that the CAC has outlined. The
materials we've provided to you include the Land Use and Community
Design Element and the Transportation Element, both in clean version and in
tracked versions. The Land Use Element has not changed since the Council
saw it November. That hearing in November was really an introduction to
the Land Use Element. We are really not in a position to make changes and
incorporate the Council's comments until we get your guidance on some of
the issues we've outlined for you tonight.          We did summarize your
comments in an attachment to the Staff Report. Of course, we'd appreciate
hearing if we missed something significant. The Transportation Element that
we've presented to you has changed since it last came to the Council. We
received many thoughtful and useful comments on the element. Those are
also summarized in an attachment to the Report. We used those comments
to inform the next version or the next draft of the Transportation Element.
That's provided to you this evening. We anticipate there will continue to be
some revisions to a few of the policies in there as we finish the EIR process
and adjust mitigation measures and make some small additional changes.
We look forward to your input on that element tonight after we get through
the land use choices. Elaine is going to take us through the next few slides,
and then I'll come back and talk to you a little more about the growth
management options before you.

Elaine Costello, Management Partners Consultant: Hi. The CAC worked
very, very hard on this Land Use Element. They held 17 meetings of the
CAC, five meetings of the CAC as a whole and 12 subcommittee meetings.
They went through it in a lot of detail. The good news is that that resulted
in a lot of consensus on their part. When we heard from the Council in
November, there seemed to be a lot of agreement, which we've listed here,
on some areas that seemed like they worked for most folks. Those included
the highest quality development with the least impacts. Housing that's
affordable was a big issue; how to do it differed. In general, there was
consensus there should be increased housing, especially for seniors and
others with special needs. High standards for urban design, protecting
neighborhoods, and supporting local retail were some of the themes where
there appeared to be a consensus at both the CAC and at the Council. There
                                                                         Page 26 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
