                         TRANSCRIPT
not as frantic as it is where I am. I could see a different type of permit
happening there. I know over where I am—I'm so close to California Avenue
that we just see a lot of traffic. I'm hoping that you can come to some kind
of solution that would support the residents but also the healthcare
providers in our neighborhood. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Michael Eager to be followed by Marilyn Mayo.

Michael Eager: Hi. I'm in favor of the Residential Parking Permit Program.
We need this. This is a decade-long problem that's been getting worse. The
RPP doesn't solve the problem.         It addresses a pain point in the
neighborhoods. It addresses an issue where people can't park in front of
their house, where people can't have visitors. It doesn't address the issue.
I'm very sympathetic to the needs of the employers. The employees need a
place to park. They need parking lots. We need transportation systems.
Solving the employee parking can't be done as a burden on the
neighborhood.     That's what's been going on for many years now.          I
encourage you to approve this Residential Parking Permit Program.          I
encourage you to add a phase-out program for the employee parking
permits as you work on addressing the issues of inadequate parking, of
buildings which are built without adequate parking provided, and addressing
the transportation issues which we have. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Marilyn Mayor to be followed by Wolfgang Dueregger.

Marilyn Mayo: Good evening. Thank you for your support, listening to us.
Hope we have your support as it follows. I've been in the neighborhood 40
years, same house. I provide parking for six to seven cars every day. I
have a corner lot; I'm a block off El Camino and two blocks from California
Avenue. They're almost neighbors except they move and they come back.
They're part of the terrain, I guess you'd say. Two images I'd like to leave
with you. One is Swiss cheese. That's what I feel Evergreen Park has
become. It's getting these holes infringed upon by various elements, and
they all have needs, but it's our little neighborhood. I want you to consider
how many holes can you have in the Swiss cheese before it just kind of
crumbles and falls apart. We're really threadbare right now. The second
image is pickup sticks, where you throw them on the ground, and they're all
intertwined. All these compromises have been made. We've been working
in good faith. You pull one out to make a concession for someone, then
someone else says, "What about us? We've been working with you for
several months." Now, there's a new change in the game at the last minute.
For those of us who have worked so consistently with the Staff, which I
congratulate. They've been so patient with us and with the merchants and
the businesses. I hope you'll approve the parking permit.

                                                                      Page 91 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
