                         TRANSCRIPT
residents' priorities for redevelopment of Cubberley. The order of their
priorities stayed the same. Their most preferred thing is indoor sports and
health programs at 74 percent. That was 75 percent in 2015. Outdoor sport
types of activities, 71 percent, that was 72 percent in 2015. Senior wellness
programs, 70 percent, which was 69 percent in 2015. Really no change
there. We also asked an open-ended question about what would be the one
improvement you would like to see to City parks, arts or recreation activities
and programs to better serve the community.            The top two priorities
remained the same, but the order of the others changed. Bathrooms and
restrooms continue to be the number one priority. The comments say
bathrooms at every park. A lot of the comments say things like, "I can't
stay at a park long enough because I have to go somewhere else to go to
the bathroom." Bathrooms is the number one priority. Some of the order of
these changed. Dog parks, leash enforcement moved up in the list and so
did park recreation and art facility amendments.         Generally the same
categories of responses, just a slightly different order than last year. We
continue to update the Tableau visualization results—the Citizens Survey
results in Tableau software. This allows you to go online. We show the link
right there. You can go online. You can kind of play with the data and
select multiple variables to see how different people responded. You can
look at them by the geographic subgroups. You can look at them by
demographics. It's really whatever you choose to look at, that you can do it.
We've got the data from the surveys from 2003 all the way through this
year. We have about 7,300, 7,400 survey responses included in there, and
we will continue to update that each year. This just shows where you can
get the survey, the Performance Report, and Citizen Centric Report online.
Again, the link to Tableau and to the City Auditor website. That concludes
my presentation. I will take any questions.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Beth, do we have any speakers from the public?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: No.

Mayor Scharff: We'll return to Council for any questions. Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Harriet, looking at the one that's kind of all purpose,
called the built environment, what do you think most people think of when
you ask that question?

Ms. Richardson: The survey actually says what they're talking about in
there. They say overall design, buildings, parks and transportation systems.
The National Research Center tries to guide them as to what they mean, but
it's still pretty broad.


                                                                        Page 19 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
