                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I was actually going to hold my nose and support
the original Motion, but not for exactly the same reason we're talking about
here. As Jonathan pointed out earlier, FAR is about building size, basically
bounds, how big a building you can put on this size of lot. Obviously, the
Mercedes dealership issue has come up here. If we decide that it's in the
best interest of residents that we allow a bigger building—I think that is the
case with the Mercedes dealership—then it seems like we should just raise
the FAR. If we're doing this kind of stuff, we're slicing and dicing how the
space is used inside the building. Really, you want the building owner to do
that as opposed to the City getting involved and saying, "If it's this use, you
can have …" On the other hand, what I do like about this Motion is it makes
it clear. It says in the Automobile Zoning Code, in the automobile overlay
code, you are allowed to have a bigger building. It goes through an indirect
way to do that, but you're allowed to have a bigger building.               The
automotive dealership overlay, there are not very many places in town
where we have that. In fact, we sort of have that one out by East Bayshore.
It's next to the freeway, and it's out of town. We have a slightly bigger
building there. I think that's actually a good use of that land. I actually
thought that the Staff Motion is a reasonable thing to do. I think it makes
sense for the community to have that there. I don't particularly like the way
they do it. It would have been much simpler and more direct just to raise
the FAR target for that building. This does put it in the Code, and it is kind
of a custom code for this land use.          I'm going to vote against the
Amendment and for the original Motion, if I said that right.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll also shape my views with exactly what Council
Member Filseth just said.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no other, let's vote on the board.

Council Member Filseth: We're voting on the Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: We're voting on the amendment. If you don't want to
support the Amendment, you vote no. That fails on a 6-2 vote with Council
Members Kou and Holman voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Holman, Kou yes, Tanaka absent

Mayor Scharff: I have no lights. Back to you; there's still more.

Council Member Holman: Yeah. Actually I had one question. It's on Packet
Page 319. I'm sorry I neglected to ask this earlier. I didn't understand the
language, the new language under 135.5 and 138. Just going to the
                                                                          Page 89 of 102
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/27/17
