                          TRANSCRIPT
Presumably, this is services being extended on light rail to increase ridership
and probably have a higher fare box recovery. If there's more money
coming in from the bus service with the same bus expenses and they don't
tell you about it in the Staff Report, maybe they plan to use it for light rail.
It seems to me it makes more sense to take that money and restore the
coverage on the routes that are proposed to be reduced or eliminated.
Since I don't know what the total amount of money is or how much that
restoration would cost, it might require a contribution from local agencies as
well as VTA, but there clearly is some extra money coming in. It will
continue to increase as ridership increases on those new routes. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. We have one late addition, Dan Logan.

Dan Logan: Good evening. My name is Dan Logan. For the past 14 years, I
have relied on the paratransit we knew as Outreach until a few weeks ago. I
have relied on paratransit while I was working, before I retired. It is
essential to me both in maintaining my medical appointments, being able to
use the facilities of YMCA and Abilities United to maintain my strength and
my ability to use my upper body as well as my legs as they are partially
paralyzed. I also rely on paratransit to maintain programs over at Stanford
and other sources of being a knowledgeable and well-informed individual. I
understand that, even though the reduction in bus service to which the
paratransit is tied, they indicate that they will let existing passengers,
paratransit users, that they will be able to continue that service. I've got to
believe that there must be some limitations to that, and I'd like to see how
they expect to do that and what limitations there would be. Of course,
that's fine for those of us who would be in that existing category. I really
wonder about the equitability of having two classes of people, those who are
current users and those in the future who will have the same needs that I've
had. Thank you for making it possible for us to use this vital service.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we return to Council. Before we return to
Council, I just wanted to ask VTA staff if they wanted to respond to any
comments that the public may have made.

Mr. Burger: I really appreciate all the comments. This is exactly the kind of
feedback that we're looking for. Much of what I heard is very touching. I
myself am transit dependent; I'm unable to drive a car, so I rely on transit
to get around. I took my first transit ride in 1997 to get to high school. I'm
both customer and designer of the service here. I'm just very glad to hear
that.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.


                                                                         Page 12 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
