                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: First of all, thanks for coming tonight. That was a
really good presentation. I appreciated it. I do want to say I was kind of
shocked about seeing your fare recovery rate compared to other agencies. I
really support the idea of becoming more profitable and understand where
you're coming from in terms of focusing on more profitable routes. I didn't
understand the comment about BART. I think a lot of us actually support
BART. There's been a lot of discussion about dealing with congestion in
north county and wanting VTA to focus on some of those issues as well, but
I don't think there's anti-BART sentiment up here.

Mr. Burger: Apologies on that. I got a few heckles on Thursday when I
showed those slides, so I wanted to head those off.

Council Member DuBois: I did have a couple of questions. I saw the
proposal for one of the new routes to run down Charleston instead of past
some of the other schools, like JLS Middle School. I was wondering why that
switch. There are several schools on Meadow.

Mr. Tyree: I believe you're talking about the proposal for the 288, turning
the school trips of the 88L and 88M into 288A and 288B. Our current
proposal would, like you mention, provide service on Charleston, Fabian and
Louis, and then the other part would be Loma Verde and Waverley and
Middlefield. I think this is an example where we want to work with Penny
Ellson and the PTA and Gunn High School and work out what's exactly right
for the students. This is based on the best data that we have. If there's
better data out there or if there's a better routing, we would want to look
into that. You're right. The Meadow portion is the portion that's the lowest
ridership for us. That's the portion that we would propose to discontinue
service on.

Council Member DuBois: If you did stop—there's a school in front of there
on Charleston called Hoover that actually connects in the back. If there was
a stop there, I guess kids could walk to JLS and Fairmeadow. Also, kind of
curious about the focus on job centers. Did you guys give consideration to
routes that would connect to the Mountain View Transit Center? It was hard
to tell. Does the 21 do that?

Mr. Tyree: The 21 would be a connection directly to the Mountain View
Transit Center via California and the San Antonio shopping center first. Also,
I just wanted to do a quick mention. This Study, we did not look at our
express route network. All of the express routes at the Stanford Research
Park, for example, would stay the same, and they exist. We'll do a separate
Study for that later, after BART opens.


                                                                       Page 16 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
