                          TRANSCRIPT
Oral Communications

Mayor Scharff: Now, we have Oral Communications. We have a number of
speakers, and we have a number of speakers on Consent today. We're only
going to have two minutes unfortunately. On Oral Communications, our first
speaker is Darlene Yaplee, to be followed by Mark Landesmann.

Darlene Yaplee, Sky Posse: Good evening, Council. Thank you for your
time and continued support for the jet noise problem in Palo Alto. I'm
Darlene Yaplee; I live in University South. I'm part of the Sky Posse group.
I am here tonight to cover one of the topics in a letter we sent you recently.
I'm here to urge you to take the single most important action that can help
resolve the jet noise problem for Palo Alto residents, that is to make sure
that Palo Alto is a member of the appointed new Committee of Local
Government Officials that's expected to be established soon to work with the
FAA on a regional solution. This is going to be called the Ad Hoc Committee.
A FAA rep recently at the San Francisco Roundtable, January 12th, saying
that they would be replying back to the Congressional reps mid-February.
Things could be moving quickly. The exact makeup of the Committee is to
be determined. Palo Alto must secure a membership on this Committee to
get a voice on this important topic. It was previously believed that this was
the jurisdiction of the FAA, which is understandable, but this is not the case
any longer. It's important that we pivot and understand that cities will have
representation and will be part of the solution. We need to step up to that.
In the words of the Hamilton musical, we need to be in the room where it
happens. I'd like to ask you to please take action on this immediately.
Again, the response is coming back mid-February, so things are moving
along. One possibility is that Mayor Scharff sends a letter on behalf of the
entire City Council to the three reps that were actively involved, Eshoo,
Speier and Panetta and additionally that each of you make an outreach
phone call to advocate on behalf of the City to be involved in this solution
process. Thank you for time and consideration.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Mark Landesmann to be followed by Sea Reddy.

Mark Landesmann, Sky Posse: Good evening, Council. There's reason for
optimism on this. The Select Committee recommendations contain solid
options to fix nighttime flights to address arrivals from the north to the Bay
and to address the San Jose reverse flow problem. The most important
reason we need a seat on the Ad Hoc Committee is that the Select
Committee recommendations prescribe as part of Section 2.5 the
assessment of new and far better waypoints for the arrivals from the south
and southeast. The relevant item in the Select Committee Report also does
in fact include evaluating the route via the waypoint Faith, which is the route

                                                                        Page 33 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
