                          TRANSCRIPT
idea that around the time this goes live in Evergreen and Mayfield, we would
be in a position to bring to you the program for Southgate. Now, we're short
staffed. We're scrambling to get all of this done. That's our objective.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for that.         Is there any limit to how
many one-day tags are sold to employers?

Mr. Mello: No, not in the proposed program.

Council Member Dubois: I understand the reason for the pricing, based on
the garage price. Would it simplify it if we had consistent pricing across the
City? Would it make it easier to administer and sell at all? Is that a
consideration?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we would like to research the history of how these
garage permits got set so much lower to begin with. We can certainly do
that. In the Council's annual budget cycle, if there's a recommendation we
can make to raise those prices and therefore these, we're happy to do that.

Council Member DuBois: It seems like we clearly have demand. I do think
we need to start thinking about streamlining, not having everything be
custom.

Ms. Gitelman: I completely agree. I'm just nervous there might be a
reason for the way it's set, and we have to investigate that.

Council Member DuBois: Just a few quick comments. I did find the PTC
discussion useful. There were a lot of votes. A lot of times it's the
discussion that's the most valuable. It was interesting to see a lot of
different viewpoints in the Minutes there. One thing I think everybody here
realizes—we talk about 85 percent occupied; that's pretty much fully parked.
When you go above that, you have people driving around looking for parking
spots. It's clear we have an issue here. A couple of areas that I've been
thinking about, and I'll offer some unfriendly Amendments. First of all, the
definition of the district. It's great that you came with Evergreen and
Mayfield together. I don't think they should necessarily be tied together in
terms of policies over time. I could see more office, more multifamily
developments happening in the Mayfield area. I think Evergreen Park
actually has more in common with Southgate in terms of style. I would just
have a caution there that we not treat this as one large district, but actually
think of these as separate neighborhoods, because I think they're quite
different. In terms of allocation, I was considering how do we prioritize—my
biggest concern is the unlimited number of daily permits. Downtown we did
allow shared hangtag permits for retail. I'm not sure why we didn't do that
in Cal. Ave. I would much rather see that. Is that correct or incorrect?
                                                                       Page 101 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
