                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka: I'd like to make an unfriendly Amendment that
Mayfield is an opt-in area. I'll give the same reason why I gave it on PTC. If
you look at the survey response rate for Mayfield, it's really low. It's about a
third response rate from everyone else. The second thing. If you look at
the overnight parking, the pure parking isn't employees. It's actually the
condo dwellers, the apartment dwellers. What's going to happen is the
people who live there suddenly have to pay for parking. If the response rate
was higher, I would say okay. The response rate was actually pretty low.
It's a bit marginal. To be on the safe side, it's better to make this an opt-in
area, which is what we did in College Terrace. College Terrace program,
basically each block face voted in. By doing that, we were able to get the
program through.      Mayfield, there wasn't enough participation in their
surveys. The overnight parking is really high relative to the other areas.
It's dangerous for us to not say this is opt-in, it's going to be forcing a bunch
of people to pay for parking where they may not actually want it. That's my
Motion. Do I have a second?

Council Member Fine: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Tanaka moved, seconded by Council
Member Fine to add to the Motion, “the Mayfield area will be designated opt-
in.”

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the board. That fails on a 4-4 vote.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-4 DuBois, Holman, Kou, Scharff no, Kniss absent

Mayor Scharff: Anything further, Greg?

Council Member Tanaka: Yes. Let me just ask Staff to see if it's in there.
It's also another PTC recommendation for this program to be reviewed by
the PTC. I think it should. We have a member who actually participated in
the College Terrace Residential Parking Permit Program.        Is this a
recommendation in the Motion currently or not?

Ms. Gitelman:     No.   I don't think we put a review by the PTC in the
Resolution.

Council Member Tanaka: I'd like to make another unfriendly Amendment
that this gets reviewed by the PTC. The reason why is because they have
more bandwidth than we do to look at this. I think this program is very
complicated. There's a lot of moving parts. It'd be worthwhile for us to
leverage our Planning and Transportation Commissioners to Study this more
thoroughly before it hits us again.

                                                                        Page 109 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
