                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Jim Migdal to be followed by Bonnie Packer.

Jim Migdal, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 10:              Hi, Council
Members. Just very briefly on Item 10, I am a Crescent Park resident for
the last 10 years and an active swimmer. My kids learned to swim some at
Rinconada, some at Burgess. I've swum Masters at Stanford, at Rinconada
and Burgess. I'm really excited about the potential for expanding the access
and use of the Rinconada pool. I think it's a great resource. I think that
having additional programs, particularly for kids, for people to learn how to
swim, is fantastic. I've been very, very happy with the program. I switched
about four years ago to swim at Burgess after a couple of years at
Rinconada.        Tim's done a great job in terms of creating very robust
programs and access to things at all levels. I'm glad that we're considering
it. I think it'll be a great resource for the community. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bonnie Packer.

Bonnie Packer, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 14: Good evening
Mayor Scharff and Council Members, and welcome new Council Members.
My name is Bonnie Packer, and I’m here speaking for the League of Women
Voters of Palo Alto, of which I am President. I sent you a letter, asking you
to remove Item 14 from the Consent Calendar, which you did. I thank you
for that. The reason we sent the letter and the two concerns we had was
that we wanted the Council to have the opportunity to consider again the
recommendations that the Planning and Transportation Commission made
last December. The main concerns that we have relate to the viability of the
affordable housing fund. It's uncertain and, I think, the economists and the
Commissioners were also uncertain as to what the impact of the fees and
some of the language in the Ordinance would have on the viability of that
fund. We thought the idea that the Commissioners had to phase in the fees
and to review them annually so you could understand better how this was
affecting development in the City and affecting the growth of the affordable
housing fund. The other issue is we felt that the Ordinance in certain
sections seems to favor the creation of onsite or offsite units in the case of
the development of for-purchase housing. It makes it very hard for the
developer to show why it is infeasible to develop those units, in fact,
discourages the payment of in-lieu fees. That is something that we hope
you look at when you do reconsider this Ordinance and make sure that it
fulfills the Council's goals regarding affordable housing in Palo Alto. Thank
you for considering our comments and our concerns.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. We have one more public speaker, Rita Vrhel.



                                                                        Page 31 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/9/17
