                          TRANSCRIPT
million square feet. There's none left. Even if you take only the monitored
piece, the monitored piece of 1.7 million over the next 15 years means
113,000 square feet per year, 50/50 as it's put in here. That is twice the
number that we've had over the last 27 years, two times as high. I ask you
to look at the bottom of Page 10 in the City Manager's Report, the last two
lines. They say explicitly that transportation demand management should
reduce trips to current offices. Weigh this. Be explicit in your discussions
and your votes tonight about whether traffic mitigations deal with the
current deteriorating conditions or just new conditions that will come. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Jessica Clark to be followed by Nga Pham.

Jessica Clark: Hi. I want to strongly urge the Council to please be bold and
aggressive when you're considering all the limiting laws and policies
currently in place that have done nothing but perpetuate the housing crisis.
While trying to preserve the so-called quality of life and the aesthetically
pleasing ambience of Palo Alto's suburban lifestyle, we've done nothing but
chip away at the very foundation and glue that holds this City together. If
we do not want to take away from our open spaces, then the only option we
have is to densify and build up. This can be done in smart, meaningful
ways. We just need to be willing to try. We need to be creative and
innovative. We must be open to building all types of housing. We need
height limits flexible in areas it makes sense.            We need mixed-use
developments. We need ADUs. We need cluster housing. We need it all.
On the topic of childcare/daycare usage in any of these potentially new
properties, the absolute last thing you want to do in this City is put
limitations and restrictions on whether or not a daycare center or home is
allowed. Affordable childcare in Palo Alto is nearly impossible to find. I lost
my home daycare due to the housing crisis. I currently know of two more
daycares that will most likely be closing their doors within a year and looking
for another city to live in. This is just one example of what I mean when I
say we're chipping away at the foundation of our community. Over the past
few months, I've attended many local events and forums, listened to various
panels on the issue of housing. I must say it's completely embarrassing and
almost shameful when Palo Alto is put in the spotlight compared to our
neighboring cities. We look like elitists, like we're better than everyone else,
like it's not our problem to fix. We're not addressing the crisis head-on like
our neighbors. We can and must do our part. Tonight, I strongly urge
Council to be bold, aggressive and swift when you're considering all of the
limiting policies standing in the way of us truly taking care of our community
as a whole. Please act quickly. So many of us are running out of time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Nga Pham to be followed by Elizabeth Lasky.
                                                                         Page 12 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
