                          TRANSCRIPT
know. I think this is one of those areas where we ought to look at more
rather than less. I'd like to see a different kind of design. I don't know. I
guess, Lydia, you didn't have any particular idea either. I don't know.
Maybe it should be—who knows what? To go on from that, I don't see the
transportation issue as a problem. That's right on the major bus route.
When I was on that same committee that you were on, which means Bus
Rapid Transit never seems to go anywhere, nothing to do with you or I. In
that particular sense, I think this is a pretty good corridor for that. I am not
sure what it would be that would be appealing. If anyone can think of
something like that, I think you could.

Mr. Hayes: I didn't even know whether we should put this particular design
option in the package and just talk about density increase. I didn't want you
to get fixated on this idea from 2 1/2 years ago. It's always better, I guess,
to have something to look at.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I would say I don't land too far from that, sort of in the
middle. I'm not sure. I hesitate to even say this, but there was a time in
the past when we might have looked at something like this in the old
terminology of planned community, where you would have looked at
perhaps you could do something far more creative in some way because you
had a variety of different options in the end or different kinds of proposals
you could make. We're a little limited at this point. To be honest, we
haven't discussed housing for quite some time, and that makes quite a
difference. We're, I think, out of the habit of it. I'm intrigued that you
brought it forth. I'm not sure it's quite ready for prime time. Maybe what
we're giving you as feedback tonight can help with that.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Good evening. Through the Mayor to
the applicant, Ken, when you were talking about ownership, you weren't
talking about ownership BMRs, were you?

Mr. Hayes: There would have to be three with the rezone to RM-30.

Council Member Holman: The BMRs wouldn't be ownership. They would be
rental?

Mr. Hayes: I'm not sure how that would have to—I don't know. I think it's
a condo project, so they would be condo BMRs.

Council Member Holman: The reason I ask that—maybe it's a question for
Jonathan.  I think we've had some issues with ownership BMRs and

                                                                         Page 27 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
