                         TRANSCRIPT
areas that we draw benchmarking data from. The National Citizens Survey.
In 2014, we increased the number of surveys from 1,200 to 3,000. This
allowed us to be able to maintain statistical validity but also incorporate
geographic subgroup areas that allow us to pull information from six
geographic neighborhood groups and also from the north and south. The
survey rate has gone down a little bit over the years—quite a bit over the
years. This year we were up 1 percent; we had 744 respondents. The
National Research Center mails out the surveys. They do give the option for
respondents to respond online rather than mailing in the survey. Only 116
of the respondents chose to do so this year; that's typical of what we've had
in the past. The margin of error for the survey is plus or minus 4 percent as
a whole. What that means is that if you gave the survey again to a similar
population group, you should get the same response within a range of plus
or minus 4 percentage points from the response. If it's outside of that
range, it may mean that there's a true change in people's perceptions of
what the quality of that service is. On that response rate, we started off
doing the survey in 2003. We started off with a response rate in the high
40-percent range. That was typical for about 4 years or so, and then it went
down; it was in the 30s. It's been in the 20s. This is a national trend. It is
not just Palo Alto. It is a national trend. I've had conversations with the
National Research Center about that. They said that is pretty typical of what
they see. It's not just that Palo Alto residents don't want to respond. It's
really the national trend of people having lower response rates. The final
thing that's important to note about the survey responses is the National
Research Center weights the responses to reflect Palo Alto's population.
They do that based on the 2010 census and the American Community
Survey. The Citizen Centric Report, as I mentioned, pulls some results from
both the Performance Report and the National Citizens Survey.               It
summarizes key accomplishments from 2006, and it pulls together some
financial information from the budget and the Comprehensive Annual
Financial Report. For the rest of the presentation, because the Citizen
Centric Survey really pulls information from both, most of my discussion is
about information in the Performance Report and the National Citizens
Survey. We organized the Performance Report, and the National Research
Center organizes the Citizens Survey around some themes.              In the
Performance Report, we talk about stewardship, public service, and
community. In the National Citizens Survey, they have eight facets. You
can see some relationship between those. There's not an exact across-the-
board relationship, but we do have a fair amount of alignment between
those different facets and themes. In the National Citizens Survey, we
included custom questions that relate to current initiatives. Those can fit
within those facets, this year primarily built environment, mobility and
recreation and wellness.      This chart is really discussing some of the
demographics about respondents in the National Citizens Survey. The
                                                                        Page 10 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
