                    ACTION MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to refer the matching funding opportunity and proposal to increase
programming for youth through Youth Community Services to the Finance
Committee at the earliest opportunity for discussion for potential inclusion in
the FY 2018 Budget with advisory to that effect to Supervisor Simitian.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Scharff reported Council Members DuBois, who will be attending to
family concerns, and Tanaka, who will be attending the Asian Pacific
American Institute for Congressional Studies (APAICS) National Leadership
Academy, requested to participate remotely in the May 15 Council meeting.
He announced his support of their remote participation and requested an
update regarding updates to the City Council protocol pertaining to remote
participation.

Molly Stump, City Attorney advised that the protocol updates are undergoing
Staff review by the City Attorney’s Office.

Mayor Scharff, reported that while remote participation by Council Members
is allowed, it is discouraged. He communicated his expectations that
remotely participating Council Members will minimize their participation in
order to reduce disruption of the meeting.

Council Member Holman requested clarification of the type of technology
planned for remote participation on May 15, i.e. telephone, Skype, etc.

Mayor Scharff announced the Clerk’s Office is coordinating the technology
for the Council Members’ remote participation and confirmed that both
Council Members are aware of the necessary agenda posting requirements.

James Keene, City Manager shared his experience with other City Councils
and supported the Mayor’s expectations of judicious participation from
remotely participating Council Members.

Vice Mayor Kniss reported the Bay Area Air Quality Management District
(BAAQMD) released a new document, Spare the Air, Cool the Climate, A
Blueprint for Clean Air and Climate Protection. She read the Mission
Statement of BAAQMD and reported the joy she feels serving as the Chair of
the BAAQMD Board of Directors.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:02 P.M.
                                                                            Page 7 of 7
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Action Minutes: 4/8/17
