                            TRANSCRIPT
want to do, you need a second.       Seeing no second, we'll move on.           Vice
Mayor Kniss.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Vice Mayor Kniss: Council Member DuBois is absolutely right. I felt pretty
adamantly about this. I think I carried on at some length at that meeting.
What I would suggest on this, Council Member Wolbach, is if you're willing to
split this into "A" and "B" and "C" so we could vote on "A" separately from
"B" and "C," I would be comfortable doing that. Could you informally let me
know if you'd be comfortable with that?

Council Member Wolbach: I would be okay with splitting it and would like to
speak to "A" before we do vote on it.

Mayor Scharff: All right.

MOTION SEPARATED FOR PURPOSE OF VOTING

Vice Mayor Kniss: My request is to bifurcate the Motion. I think I've said
pretty clearly before—if we had any real Minutes, of course, it would be in
the real Minutes what I had said that evening. I do intend to come—Tom
and I have promised this for some time. We will get back with the real
Minutes. I think I've indicated where I would be on "A". I'm fine with "B"
and "C."

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Actually I have a question, and it's on Number A. I
think we want to get this done tonight. I think Council Member Wolbach's
comments on the language of "A" are valid. I have a question. We're giving
direction to our legislative partner here. The language that's in there right
now, is that sufficiently constraining that that prevents them from
advocating for other solutions in this area, in terms of tip sharing and stuff
like that? Does that allow them to entertain other kinds of approaches to
the same problem or is it very specifically tipped employees don't get
minimum wage?

James Keene, City Manager: Council Member Filseth, members of the
Council, my reading of this is it's limited to the language that is there. Even
with that, we could be in a situation where we would come back from our
legislative lobbyists, and we may need to report back to the Council. If this
were removed or if it was still in there, we could very well be in a situation
where we would come back, and our lobbyists would say, "Our sense is this
isn't going to fly," or "There isn't the right sponsor," or whatever it is. Even
                                                                          Page 38 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
