                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Tom, usually you have very good arguments for a
number of things, but tonight I disagree.        I think we have a newly
constituted Council, and that's what's different. I don't think each of the
new members, of the three really new members have probably either had
the chance to be involved in the interviews nor have they had a chance to—I
doubt you sat down and watched all the interviews. That would surprise me.
When I get the opportunity, I would suggest that not only should we go out
for again the HRB, I'm willing to support both of those and the Parks and
Rec. Also when I get that opportunity, I will weave in Planning and
Transportation reopening at the same time.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth:       I think there's merit to both sides of this
discussion. It's been pointed out that if we vote tonight on these folks on
these Commissions, a third of the Council won't have been involved. That's
a significant issue.     On the other hand, we had these people; they
volunteered their time to come do this. We interviewed them. I wish we'd
gotten this done in the previous Council session, but we didn't. I just think
it's grossly unfair to these people to say, "Come in here and interview with
us and do this," and then come back and say, "You've got to do it again."
These folks are going to volunteer their time for this kind of stuff. I think it's
really about them; it's not about us. It's not their fault that we had a
Council change in the middle of the process or that we couldn't get this done
in time for a coherent Council to do it. I see merit to both sides of this, but I
think we ought to proceed with the people. I think the suggestion over here
that there will be another spot open on Park, to do it concurrently with the
PTC, I think that makes some sense. Given the weighting on both sides, I
think I would favor proceeding with both HRB and Parks this evening.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, your light's on, right or not?                  I
wasn't sure. Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I have to agree with the Vice Chair in regards to
PTC as well. I'm not sure if we're talking about that right now.

Mayor Scharff: We're not talking about PTC.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I was just giving you a clue as to what might lie ahead.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.



                                                                           Page 50 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/9/17
