                          TRANSCRIPT
see how the closer you get to 90 the less coverage services there are, the
more people there are without access to transit but at the same time the
more frequent the services are the more places that have access to frequent
transit. We received over 5,000 points of input from the public. Many of
them votes on where VTA should be on this spectrum. The public landed at
about 85/15. We turned that into a recommendation to our Board of
Directors, which they affirmed. The draft Network that we'll talk about
tonight is an 85/15 balance. Another thing we did over the summer was ask
the public to step into our shoes and make decisions that we grapple with. A
lot of these are tradeoff decisions. What type of good do you want to spend
your limited funds on? Some of these questions were do you focus more on
the peak period than the midday, do you offer the same service levels on
weekends as weekdays. What we heard from the public is that in some
ways many elements of our current system are just how they want. They
told us three things that suggest they're ready for a change. That is, they're
willing to walk farther to faster service, farther to frequent service, and that
they're willing to put up with transfers if shorter waits mean they get to their
destination faster in the end. Some examples of how our system has
changed. This is a map of our current frequent services. These are services
that run 15 minutes or better all day. You'll see that for the western part of
the county there's very few options, just El Camino, just Stevens Creek.
That's great if you have an origin and destination on one of those streets. If
you're traveling between them, you're going to have to connect to a 30-
minute route or a 60-minute route. That's not reliable enough. If you miss
your bus, you're going to be waiting a long time. It's just not conducive to
good, frequent transit usage. Here's our proposal in the Draft Plan. It's to
really enhance the frequent network, especially westward, with new frequent
service on Mathilda in De Anza and Sunnyvale, Bowers, Great American,
Winchester and Bascom as well as in east San Jose and also bringing major
portions of our light rail system up to 15-minute frequency. We're also
proposing to increase our rapid services. Right now our 522 is our only
rapid service. That's 15 minutes or better all day with wide stop spacing,
about a mile apart. We're proposing to add two more rapid routes. Route
523 would be on Stevens Creek and extend up to Lockheed Martin in
Sunnyvale as well to Berryessa, a BART station on the east side, as well as
Route 500 which would be an upgrade of our DASH shuttle Downtown, 15
minutes or better all-day service. For BART, the number of buses and trains
that would connect at Milpitas and Berryessa increase substantially from
virtually nothing today up to 42 at Milpitas per hour and 28 at Berryessa.
We're also proposing enhancements to our light rail system, bringing the
entire system up to 15 minutes all day—there are some portions that are 30
minutes in the midday—as well as adding a new line from Alum Rock to
Mountain View that would give the northwestern portion of the county a one-
seat ride between Mountain View and the Milpitas BART connection.
                                                                          Page 4 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
