                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Both.

Mr. Lait: You're putting the whole package together. You're in the RT-35
and you're getting these incentives here, but then you could also take
advantage of the parking lift incentives. You're trying to figure out how all
that stuff comes together.

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Mr. Lait: You're right, and this is something that the Council needs to
understand about the State Density Bonus Law. It does allow for developer
s who are meeting certain affordability requirements to increase density up
to 35 percent, and they get upon their request reductions in parking lower
than the Code standards today. They can ask for concessions including
some that we have on menu and others that they might consider off-menu
requests. Anywhere we have residential density or residential floor area,
any one of those sites could increase pursuant to the State Density Bonus
Law. When you think about that in the context of the housing inventory
sites that we're looking to consolidate, we would apply the RT-35 standard,
which would also be the height of 35 feet, and they'd have to get that
project to fit within those parameters, bonus and all, except where they
asked for a concession. A likely concession would be height. With any of
these projects, you would look at the findings required to do that. I would
also note that a 100-percent affordable housing project is going to have less
of a parking demand based on not only State law but also with the HIS
incentives that we're proposing, if those get ultimately adopted. I wouldn't
think that a parking lift structure on a 100-percent affordable housing
project is going to significantly increase the height of a building. Let me just
end it there with a period. We don't have a project obviously before us that
we're reviewing, so we don't have that prototype.

Council Member Holman: That's kind of it; we don't have a sample that
we're using as a test case either. Just to stick with SOFA Ii for a minute
here. Clarification on Packet Page 321 "C," in the case of a conflict between
the provisions of this section and the RT-35 development standards, this
section shall control. Right about that—I should have started with that one.
"B" right above that is for housing inventory properties not located in the
RT-35 or RT-50 zones, the RT-35 development standards shall apply and
development of a mixed-use development is not required.             I do not
understand "B" at all.

Ms. Lait: I'll work on "B" while Clare takes a look at Letter C. What we're
saying with "B" is there are like four different zoning types we're looking at
with these 27 properties that we've identified, RT-35, RT-50, CS and CN.

                                                                         Page 77 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
