                          TRANSCRIPT
into the other lane to pass that bus.      It's not always just one.      There's
sometimes two or three of them.

Mr. Lait: We're not—that's not …

Council Member Kou: This is loading and unloading. I'm talking about
buses might be something that you categorize differently.

Mr. Lait: There may be an existing condition that we need to look at and
understand more fully. What we're talking about here is new development
that would be coming through to the City as a new application.

Council Member Kou: On housing for seniors, do you know if Channing
House is the 50 percent of the total spaces required for the site?

Mr. Lait: I don't have any details about that particular site.

Council Member Kou: For the one that you spoke about on page 327, "E",
modification to off-street loading requirements. I would like to safety
included in there as a word. When I look at this picture that you have here,
that was in the packet, Attachment D, you have for Kipling Street where the
loading and unloading is. That's come off of University Avenue, making a
right turn onto Kipling Street. That could be very dangerous if somebody
was walking across and not seeing it. Do you take the consideration of that
into account when you're specifying loading and unloading areas?

Mr. Lait: Yes. Any request for off-street—let me back up. All of our
projects are reviewed by our Transportation Staff, which looks at circulation,
access, safety queuing, any number of standards. Those are all things that
are evaluated in review.

Council Member Kou: The one that you have on this brochure is not
necessarily what we're going with or is this determined to be the loading and
unloading for 429 University?

Mr. Lait: I'm not going to speak to 429 because that is a project that is still
pending before the Council. That's kind of its own matter. I will say that the
language on Packet Page 327 with respect to off-street loading is the
language that we're proposing. If Council Members thought that we needed
to add some additional language about specifying safety, we can add that
language. Your colleague to your right, I think, had some concerns about
on-street issues. If there's some comments about that, we can certainly add
more language so that we're clear about what we're studying.



                                                                        Page 72 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
