                          TRANSCRIPT
      Transportation

      Human and Civil Rights

Council Member Kou: I just want to bring up the organizational chart for the
City. At the end of the day, it comes back to you as residents of Palo Alto.
When we're going about figuring out these Priorities, we have to recognize
and remember who it affects when we—these are Priorities—how it affects
the residents. When we're looking at the built environment, one of the
biggest things is mobility in town. It has to circulate. Of course, the
parking. At the end of the day, the livability, which is your quality of life. Of
course, naturally, when we're looking at that, we also need to take a few
steps back and look at the root of the issue and ensure we're going about it
the right way when we're looking at how to move forward on that Priority.
Again, I feel that, as Council Members, we also have a fiduciary duty to all of
you, to ensure that we are doing the right thing, that we are trustees of all
our resources, not just Staff resources but also natural resources. We want
to make sure that we're taking care of that. I agree with a lot of what
Council Member Holman said. Enforcement, living up to our promises so
that you, residents, are not having to watch out and to carry on the load to
ensure that we're doing it. There has to be some sort of way that is not
self-reporting. We need to have checkmarks of these agreements that we
have the different entities, and that they are acted upon. I would go with
living up to City promises and agreements also. Infrastructure, we've
identified the projects. That's something already going on. I'm not so stuck
on it because we have identified it. We do need to have an action plan to
make sure that it does go forward, especially after I found out from City
Manager that we could lose the funding for it if we don't do so. I do agree
with Healthy Cities and Healthy Communities; we have to carry on with that.
Airplane noise is something that falls under Healthy City Healthy
Communities. Obviously, it's not just for your health, wellbeing but also
there's a social aspect in that as well as mental aspect. I would think that
would fall into that. I read a lot of the comments, and I see how much it's
affecting everybody just mentally. That's bothersome. Social equality is
under Health Cities and Healthy Community and diversity. Of course,
there's the natural aspect of our town with the trees. I don't know if that's
supposed to go there, but I do have it there because there's so many
attributes that trees do for our health. Those will be my four.

      Built Environment- mobility/parking/quality of life/

      Living up to city promises/agreements

      Infrastructure

                                                                          Page 61 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
