                          TRANSCRIPT
Ordinance for R-1 neighborhoods in the Palo Alto Municipal Code. Over the
past few months, the PNQL group collected over 400 signatures from the
citizens of Palo Alto for a petition to ask the City to enforce Castilleja's
existing, year 2000 Conditional Use Permit. Tonight, I am submitting this
petition on behalf of PNQL and concerned citizens of Palo Alto and let the
City Council know enough is enough. We are requesting the City Council to
enforce the law now. In addition to submitting this petition tonight, we will
also be filing a formal Code violation complaint with the City of Palo Alto
citing this petition. Thank you for your time. We look forward to your
speedy resolution. On behalf of PNQL, Andy Reed, Hank Souza, Jacqueline
Taylor, Jim Poppy, me, Mary Sylvester, Nelson Ng, Neva Yarkin, Rob
Levitsky. For all of those who have supported us and our petition, would
you please stand up? Thank you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Rob Levitsky.

Rob Levitsky: Hello members of the Council. My name is Rob Levitsky, a
neighbor of Castilleja for 25 years. It hasn't been a problem, but now it is
because of what they're proposing. Normally when somebody decides to do
a development project on their parcel, they will go Downtown to the
Development Center and check out a map like this, which shows you the
zoning and the setbacks of your particular parcel. Then, you might also talk
to Dave Dockter, who will advise you about the trees on your parcel. Then,
you go back to your architect and try to design around the zoning
requirements, setbacks, trees, etc.         Castilleja has taken a different
approach. The only thing I can figure out is that the model that fits them is
that they don't have to follow the rules. They will take the setback on
Emerson Street, which is 20 feet, and ignore it; take the setback on Bryant
Street and ignore it; take the setback, which is 24 feet, on Embarcadero and
ignore it; take the rules against putting lots together that's over 10,000 feet
and ignore it; take a couple of R-1, beautiful old houses—there's only seven
on this block—and knock them down; and then decide that it's okay to put
up something like this. This is the exit to their parking garage. This isn't
theirs; this is the one at Stanford. Guess what? We don't have a map yet,
Mr. Mayor. We don't have a drawing. Eight months, we don't have a
drawing. It might not be that; it might be more like this one, which is the
one underneath this building. Not exactly something you would expect to
see in an R-1 neighborhood. Not something you would expect to do to your
neighbors. In terms of the trees, the arborist for them has identified 168
trees that would be impacted. This map shows each of the trees they want
to kill. In particular, the blue ones are oak trees, all mature. The yellow
ones are redwoods. They've already killed this one, needlessly I might add.
There's another 120 right here that they want to change into a parking lot.
Pave paradise, put up a parking lot. That's their attitude. They don't have
                                                                          Page 6 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
