                           TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Fine moved, seconded by Council Member Kou
to approve the Action Minutes for the January 3 and 9, 2017 Council
Meetings.

Mayor Scharff: If we could vote on the board.          That passes unanimously
despite Vice Mayor Kniss' opposition.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0-1 Kniss abstain

Consent Calendar

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're onto the Consent Calendar. We have a number
of speakers on the Consent Calendar, so we'll move to that. We're going to
have two minutes on the Consent Calendar as well. Our first speaker is Bill
Ross. That'll be followed by Patrick Cashmore.

Bill Ross, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Council Members, I'm
a taxpayer, and I'm addressing you on Consent Number 5. It's really an
effort dealing with reduction of your unfunded pension liability contrary to
the notice. It's a big ticket Item. If there's a cancer in your Agenda that
affects all of your Agendas, whether you want to spend money for
acquisition of parks, affordable housing, it's this one. This should not be on
Consent. It should be monitored like cancer, to make sure that you address
all the possible solutions there are to reducing this unfunded liability. I
would respectfully note that the very agency that controls it, PERS, hasn't
updated its information to you for 19 months. Why isn't it a legislative
priority like has been raised before the League of California Cities to get
legislation to require PERS to be timely on their financial obligations of your
unfunded pension liability? That's a good question. In this Report, I think
there are things that are missing, that are critical to this obligation. In your
own CAFR, which is only 7 months old, the total pension liability is
approaching $700 million. Certainly there are ways that you could address
this on a periodic basis. Mr. Bartel is one of the outstanding experts in the
field. Regardless, it should not be on Consent. This is something that
furthers every one of your political agendas because whatever you wanted to
spend money on, this takes money away from it. Also, if you're going to
have a Staff Report on this and you make a reference to the PERS site, it
should not come back with page not found when you're talking about
monitoring liabilities that are this great. Also, the Report leaves out the
existing litigation that's still current in the First District Court of Appeal that
challenges the 2013 pension reforms.             I would suggest again this is
something that affects you all. It should not be buried on Consent. It
should be more forthright. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Patrick …
                                                                           Page 38 of 122
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/23/17
