                              TRANSCRIPT
A.          Identify Alternative Concept Plan 7A as the preferred alternative to
            implement as a one-year pilot project; and

B.          Amend the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Appropriation for:

      i.         The General Fund to:

                 c.    Increase the transfer to the Capital Fund in the amount of
                       $200,000; and

                 d.    Decrease the Planning and Transportation Contingency in
                       the amount of $200,000; and

      ii.        The General Capital Improvement Fund to:

                 c.   Increase the transfer from the General Fund in the amount
                      of $200,000; and

                 d.   Increase the appropriation to Transportation and Parking
                      Project (CIP PL-12000) by $200,000; and

C.          Find the preferred Alternative Concept Plan exempt from
            environmental review as a minor change to existing roadways that
            would not result in significant environmental impacts; and

D.          Direct Staff to define clear metrics for level of impacts that will
            determine success or failure, so that Council can evaluate this pilot
            with data at the conclusion.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Seeing no further lights, let's vote on the board.
That passes unanimously.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Holman absent

13.         PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9663 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
            of the City of Palo Alto for the Creation of a new Residential
            Preferential Parking (RPP) Program in the Evergreen Park and Mayfield
            Neighborhoods Bounded by Park Boulevard, Caltrain Rail Corridor,
            Oregon Expressway, Page Mill Road and El Camino Real and Finding of
            Exemption Under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).”

Mayor Scharff: Now, the next Item, I know Vice Mayor Kniss has something
she needs to say.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Because we own real property in this particular area, I
need to recuse myself from the next Item.
                                                                          Page 73 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/23/17
