                          TRANSCRIPT
trying to find employees to work in the office anyway, driving that far. If we
have them park at the Cal. Ave. or further down in some parking lot and
then have them shuttled to the office, that requires additional time to get to
the office and less quality and less chance to keep those employees in my
office. I have 14 employees, and they deserve a realistic place to park. I
also have patients that are elderly and families with young kids. I cannot
ask them to park on El Camino Real for the safety factor or for my elderly
patients to walk through the community if they can get to that spot. I would
prefer to have a usable, workable solution for all, not just for the residents.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Connie Lyssand to be followed by Christine Lee.

Connie Lyssand: Hello, thank you. My name is Connie Lyssand. I'm the
office manager for Mulcahy Family Dentistry. I've two things. One, I'm an
employee; I'm also a manager. My job is to seek employees to come to our
office. As Dr. Mulcahy shared with you, many of them do drive quite a ways
to come when we invite them to come to Palo Alto and work for us. There's
a lot of concerns with our staff as what's going to happen if they don't have
a parking permit. Their jobs are dependent upon them being be able to be
here and be able to work and have a place to park. They should have a safe
place to park and it should be conditioned upon their employment. We have
young mothers in our practice. Asking them to park in a parking garage and
take a shuttle to the office would be difficult.        If they had a family
emergency, they would have to leave. They would have to try to make
provisions to be taken back to a parking garage and be able to get their
cars. One of the other conversations is about the parking and having to
move your car every two hours. If our employees are parking there, we are
healthcare providers. You can imagine that if you're caring for a patient and
all of a sudden your two-hour time is up, you're going to have to leave your
patient and go move your car. This compromises patients' healthcare. We
have some concerns about how this is going to be implemented and put into
place for employees. It sounds like there's still a lot of things that have not
been resolved yet to make this an easy thing for people who work in this
community. Most everybody here cannot afford to live in Palo Alto, so they
do commute into work. We're just asking that consideration be made for the
people that come into the area to work for employment. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.      Christina Lee to be followed by Mehran
Fotovafjah.

Christian Lee: Good evening. My name is Christian Lee, pediatric dentist.
Many of my concerns regarding the RPP mirror those of Dr. Mulcahy's. My
staff and I have to come from a pretty decent distance to come and serve
you. We try really hard to provide a good service. I need to be picky about

                                                                        Page 82 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
