                         TRANSCRIPT
push from either a Council Member or from—it was either Council or Staff
driven, there would be no move to move forward on that. Since I'm
speaking, I guess I'll speak in general. I am sympathetic to the fact that the
CAC put a lot of work into this. I do not think the work is lost. I think the
work is going into an implementation section at which point the differences—
instead of having a Comp Plan that we say here are all these programs we're
going to do, and we know we're not going to do them since we didn't do
them in '98, we're honest about it and say here's a bunch of programs that a
lot of people put a lot of time and thought into and think we should do, but
none of these have been vetted frankly by Council in a careful and
thoughtful discussion of each of them. If Staff thinks we should move
forward or a Council Member thinks we should move forward, at that point
we'll move forward. I actually think I'm going to support this, which I did
before, because that was my thinking on it. My thinking is we're not losing
it. We can still implement all these. The work is being respected because
it's not being thrown away, it's not being deleted. It's being put to the side
and saying over the next 13 years or longer, as these implementations
become feasible with the Staff time and Staff work, we will move forward on
them, assuming the Council wants to. It'll come to Council for a full vetting.
I actually think that makes a lot of sense, and that's why I'm going to
support the Motion. Council Member—who has not spoken? I'm getting a
little confused.   Council Member Tanaka has not spoken, and Council
Member DuBois has not spoken. Right?

Council Member Tanaka: I hear the opposition to this Motion. I definitely
understand. On PTC, we took the first cut at this, and we talked about a lot
of programs. I know a tremendous amount of Staff work and time has been
put into it, which is good. The reality is—I've seen the Comp Plan being
used to justify or not justify a project time and time again. The biggest
problem with the Comp Plan is that it contradicts itself. It's massive. It's
unwieldy and hard to use. There's an old adage of less is more. Very much
in this case, less is more. What happens when you have such a bloated
Comp Plan—the problem is that the okay and bad crowd out the great, the
good in the Comp Plan. Like has been said by others, we're not throwing
the work away. It's giving us a good starting-off point, jumping-off point for
other things. It's not gumming up the Comp Plan with programs that
contradict each other and just make this document not very easy or clear to
use. I'm going to be supporting this.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois, you've been waiting.

Council Member DuBois: I've been advocating to reduce and prioritize
programs. I think that's quite different than eliminating all programs. I
think we're removing our commitment to implement programs, and that's
                                                                      Page 100 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
