                            TRANSCRIPT
close to that. Eliminating the Downtown cap makes the most sense. I'm
going to support that. I also agree that we should have a 50,000-square-
foot limit along the lines of the Ordinance we have, but there's some tweaks
and stuff, and we should come back with some options. We need to get that
calendared, I think, fairly quickly because I don't think we necessarily want
it to expire. I'll just tell you my own thoughts on that. I don't think we need
to be prescriptive tonight because I actually think what we should do is have
a thorough vetting of this and a thorough thought of it. I for one think we
need to do away with the beauty contest part of this and have it as first-
come-first-serve basis. That'll make a big difference to the way it's operated
and to the way it works. So far the whole beauty contest thing has been
sort of a failure. I also think we should have some rollover provisions—I'm
not sure what the right ones are—if we don't use it up. In my view, the
whole purpose of this is to level it out, that we have growth at a certain rate
as opposed to huge amounts of growth. I think we should look at different
options on that. With that, I'm going to support the Motion. Go on.

Council Member Wolbach: Since I didn't speak, may I?

Mayor Scharff: Yeah.

Council Member Wolbach: Since I didn't speak before, let me just ask a
quick question. Is the Stanford Research Park included in the 1.7? If we go
with Option 2, I just want to get clarity about that.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, it is.

Council Member Wolbach: If it's okay with the seconder, I'd like to amend
that to exclude the Stanford Research Park from that. There are already
limits on how much Stanford Research Park can develop.

Mayor Scharff: I'm not going to accept that. I think the 1.7 was included
with—I think of that, 900,000 is roughly in the Stanford Research Park with
the rest of the City. That would be a big change. I'm not going to accept
that. I'm happy if you want to—I forgot. If you want to ask the question.
Go ahead, what was the question? You said find out.

Vice Mayor Kniss: The inquiry is can we find out. Is that 900,000, which is
what Stanford has left under their current zoning, included in the 1.7
million? That will be very germane to this question, to the Motion.

Ms. Gitelman: Stanford Research Park has always been included in the
monitored areas that fall under the cumulative cap, the 3.2 million square
feet that originally was put in place. Now, there's 1.7 left. We don't think
it's unreasonable, given the zoned capacity in the Research Park that they
                                                                        Page 34 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
