                         TRANSCRIPT
I don't need to repeat. We're all aware. I think you'll do an excellent job
leading the Council through an important year ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much. Now, we'll move to the public.

Council Member Kniss: Greg, before you do get to a vote, would you remind
new members which light to push for what reason?

Vice Mayor Scharff: If I'm not seeing lights from new members, there's a
little, silver button that you can just push up and down. If I don't see you,
go ahead—it's actually hard to see it over there.

Council Member DuBois: You're going to the public first and then …

Vice Mayor Scharff: No. I wanted to finish Council Members first.          I just
didn't see any more lights. Adrian.

Council Member Fine: Thank you very much. I'll be quick. Council Member
Scharff, as I know him, has been generous of spirit and information, but he's
also acute, direct and to the point. I believe he'll be a good leader for our
City in getting our business done. That's what we can ask of him. I will be
there to support him.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Tom, you had your light on.

Council Member DuBois: I didn't. I'll make a quick comment. First of all, I
just want to say welcome to the new Council Members. It's kind of an
interesting transition. Having gone through it, you're out there being
competitive, campaigning, and now you join the fellowship of nine. You get
to be collaborative and work with us for the betterment of this City.
Welcome aboard. I support the nomination of Greg, because I think he will
uphold the basic tenets of good government. We just heard the oath to
follow the Charter of the City. The Mayor is really one of nine Council
Members with really no more power than the other nine. Greg, I'd ask you
in your comments to reaffirm some of those things of good governance,
which I think you support, openness and transparency. We generally are
together on a lot of items, but we are a divided Council on other items. I
expect you'll be fair, and you'll be transparent and respectful. Because I
believe that, I support the nomination.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you, Tom. You can be assured that all the things
you just said I would aspire to do. Any speakers from—Eric. I'm sorry,
Greg. I have trouble with the name Greg.



                                                                         Page 4 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/03/17
