                         TRANSCRIPT
hope that the City can make a constructive effort to work with us. Having
worked with Mr. Buchanan, Neilson, Downtown, I can assure you that if you
provide us with a construct through which we can work together, there is no
problem that we can't solve to the benefit of all. We can decrease traffic,
allow for the core businesses to remain, and still provide for sustainable
growth. You guys have to give us a platform to work on that.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thanks for being here.

Mayor Scharff: Sea Reddy.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, City Council and citizens of Palo Alto. I'd like to
take a minute or two to get away from the City of Palo Alto issues and talk
about things of the world. I think we have a wonderful City. I want to
commend the Mayor for giving a great speech. That's wonderful. He
articulated well, perfect communication. I would give him a 10 for the way
he communicated. I also see a sea of change in the City Council, how
they're interacting with each other. Not everybody is a pundit. We are
taking inputs. I think that's a good healthy change. Of course, we are all
different, and the leadership is different, but I do see that. It's a great
thing. Going to the world issues. I think it's a great opportunity for
President Trump to think outside the box and negotiate a peace deal
between …

Mayor Scharff: You have more time. That was—keep going.

Mr. Reddy: … a peace deal between North Korea and South Korea. There's
no reason why they have to be separate. There are egos involved. They'll
save billions of dollars of potential deception due to nuclear arms race. I
think some of you are very effective leaders in the community. You can
contact the Congressman, Congresswoman and Senators and express your
desire for peace talks. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.    Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Bertha
Petersen-Perez.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. I
have a couple of things to suggest to you, that I think might help you do
what you want to do in housing, that is put in more people for fewer cars
and a little bit less congestion, certainly less traffic congestion. The first
thing you might think about is much the same—differentiating between
commercial and residential. You know how people are saying now that Prop
13 should have been different for commercial and for residential because the
result is that people in homes are spending more proportionately in taxes
than they used to relative to commercial. In the case of the housing, if you
                                                                       Page 37 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
