                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Kniss: Mine is dead because I didn't get a second.

Mayor Scharff: That's correct.      Council Member Tanaka, do you want to
speak to your Motion first?

Council Member Tanaka: We have three new members of Council who didn't
get a chance to actually interview a lot of these candidates. We have a very
active community. I think it's important to give (inaudible) a chance. To me
it makes sense to have equal opportunity for both Commission and Board.

Mayor Scharff:    Council Member Fine, would you like to speak to your
second?

Council Member Fine: Yes, quickly. Mostly the same reasons. Also on the
HRB, while I'm very thankful that we do have a number of citizens interested
in continuing their service, I'm a little surprised that there are three
incumbents for three seats. I would be pleased if there was a greater range
of applicants.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'll decline.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to add my voice in saying that I
actually think we should go out for both of them. I'm not sure why there
were so few applications. In the end, we might still vote to appoint from
those who have already applied. Whether it's because of the holidays or the
election or what, I was a little disappointed that we didn't get some of the
enthusiasm from the community on these issues expressed in applications.
I think if we open it up again, there might be an opportunity to get more
people to apply. I'd like to give them that opportunity.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I would support holding open interviews for the
newly opened position on Parks and Rec. We have an ordinance; we have a
schedule for doing interviews and for doing appointments. Again, that has
not changed, and it's always with these fall interviews. We interviewed
these candidates in November; it was unfortunate we didn't appoint them
sooner. I think it's a real slap in the face. They filed their applications; they
came in for interviews, and we're going to reject all of them and do it all
over. I think a more proper process, if we don't like the timing—we did this
last year; we changed the spring recruiting and interview time period—would

                                                                          Page 48 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/9/17
