                          TRANSCRIPT
perhaps others' confusion as to what happened with "H" on 1/30. My
question is am I correct. Were you voting for discussion? When will the City
Council take a pass or fail vote on Items Number H? I respectfully request
the Council schedule these Items earlier in the evening to encourage public
attendance. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bill Ross to be followed by Eric Mosqueda.
Sorry if I pronounced it incorrectly.

Bill Ross: Good evening, Mayor and Council. I'm speaking with respect to
your action of last week with respect to the Land Use Element. I'm mystified
as to what happened after reviewing the video of that action. I'm talking
about the 5-4 decision concerning the Land Use Element. You are a Charter
City, but like a Charter County, a Charter City, a general law City, you have
to have a General Plan that complies with the statutory requirements. For
the Land Use Element, that's set forth in Government Code Section
65302(a). How do you have something that sets forth land-use densities
and intensities, that's correlated with the Transportation Element, when you
chose to strip the housing designations and place them in an appendix? I
don't think there's any authority for that. Moreover, if you look at the new
General Plan guidelines, those formulated in 2015, how is that correlation to
take place much less the correlation with greenhouse gases and
sustainability? It's not there. It's not in the record. Many Attorney General
opinions have talked about the required specificity and the relationship of
the Land Use Element and its designation of uses both in text and diagrams.
Those Attorney General opinions have been confirmed in many case laws
dealing with this issue. No matter how novel or responsive you think your
action was, I don't think it complies with State law, and I don't think I'm the
only land use attorney that would come to that conclusion. When the
language comes forward in case law that says the circulation element must
be closely, systematically, and reciprocally related to the Land Use Element
of that Plan, how is that supposed to take place when one of the critical
elements of the Land Use Element, housing, is set in an appendix for you to
cherry pick at a later time? I respectfully suggest you reconsider that
action. I also, consistent with the Public Records Act under Government
Code Section 6450, request the communications that preceded—
communications defined liberally—between Council Members Wolbach, Kniss,
Tanaka, and Fine. I can't believe that there wasn't some discussion between
those Council Members given the type of dialog that occurred. I would also
encourage you to comply with the mandatory duty of maximizing,
maximizing public participation in the General Plan process, including under
the economic justice concept, that with respect to the Buena Vista project.
Thank you.

                                                                         Page 12 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
