                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Thanks again, Annie, for all your service.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll move onto Agenda Changes, Additions and
Deletions. I don't believe we have any. Then, we're onto City Manager
Comments.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and members of the
Council. A few matters to report. First of all, just a little update on the
spate of storms that we had this past weekend. In the good news category,
we didn't have any calls related to flooding as a result of blocked storm
drains. We were notified about a mudslide on Page Mill Road between
Skyline and Foothills Parks, which our street crew was clearing earlier today.
We responded to trees down in SF Creek between the Hale well station and
Chaucer Bridge yesterday. Other tree-related issues included a tree that fell
in the road at Philz Coffee on Middlefield on Friday night. On Sunday, we
responded to a call at Oregon at St. Francis involving a County tree that fell
on a City tree and also a call for other debris on roadways. Caltrans was
called out over the weekend to clear moderate debris within the trash rack
at West Bayshore. All the sandbag stations will be inspected today and
restocked. We've had a total of more than 23 inches this season as
measured at Foothill Park. That's good news for the drought. Of course, as
you can tell, we've been pretty fortunate to have these rains spaced out just
enough that the creek levels have really worked with us for a change. Cool
Smart City experiments. This year in addition to our planned Smart City
projects in areas including sustainability, transportation and energy, we have
a small set of four Smart City experiments. The first is the installation and
evaluation of smart lighting poles around City Hall. You can see in the
picture slide there the installation going up last week. Ultimately, the
lighting and the technology with these poles will let us be able to do things
such as counting cars that enter or exit the garage, being able to better
detect available parking spaces, and to be able to share that information.
We'll also be able to evaluate motion detection that will turn on a light or
brighten it based upon movement. Second experiment is we'll be deploying
four no-cost pilot project digital kiosks, actually called Palo.            My
understanding is they're going to be rolled out at the Super Bowl this year.
They've been picked up by Verizon. It's, I think, a startup here originally,
hence the name Palo. We'll be deploying one in the lobby of City Hall, one
on Lytton Plaza, one near Caltrain and one on Cal. Avenue. The kiosks will
be visual centers where our community can both interact and get
information on things that are happening around town, where appropriate

                                                                       Page 31 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
