                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kou: With the growth in the entire Bay area, if they haven't
updated it, then there is a concern there. Is there any way to address that?

Ms. Jensen: The Bay Area Air Quality Management District, as I understand
it, is in the process of updating the Clean Air Plan right now. They have not
adopted an update at this time. That is in process. Certainly if it's available
at the Final EIR and if Staff wants to direct us to look at that, we'd be happy
to. I will just note that the analysis—there is also a cumulative quantitative
analysis in the air quality chapter that includes development outside of Palo
Alto. It's not only limited to the City.

Council Member Kou: I'm just still very concerned because it's been 6 years
since they updated it, and we've been growing substantially. Measuring it
based on the past numbers doesn't seem to be right. I hope that we can get
answers to that for this EIR. In terms of the hazardous materials and
hazards, I see that the level is not significant. I also know that there are
issues with hazards and matters that are close to College Terrace. I'd like to
see that those are some of the things that we are addressing as well,
especially contamination that's going underground towards a neighborhood.
I'd like to see that more addressed and not be a low level of significance. As
Tom had mentioned about schools, I really do have great concerns that the
EIR has not taken into account trying to coordinate the growth of Stanford
and growth of MPA and the terms of the impacts. Also, I just want to bring
up a development from the past which is Arbor Real. It was estimated that
they would have no—it was built based on the assumption that there will be
virtually no kids coming out of that development. That was based on
national standards at the time. As you know, the minute it was built there
were so many kids that did go to our schools and actually overflowed the
schools. What Todd Collins wrote in his letter to us, it's really important to
note that while you're on this EIR, it's using multifamily apartment unit
student generation rate. We really need to look at it differently and add in
the single families and the rest of them.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Kou, if it's okay with the Mayor, we asked
our consultant to prepare a response to that comment letter. Maybe we
could just …

Mayor Scharff: Let's go with it; let's hear it.

Ms. Gitelman: I'll do that now.

Ms. Jensen: We did have a chance to take a look at the comments
submitted by Todd Collins today regarding impacts to schools. Very much
appreciate those comments and having a chance to take a look at them. I
just want to make a—the first point, we did consult with the School District
                                                                            Page 53 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
