                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to adopt the Retail Preservation Ordinance.

Council Member Filseth: I should speak to my Motion?

Mayor Scharff: Yes, wait. Council Member Filseth, speak to your Motion.

Council Member Filseth: First of all, I want to thank the Staff as well. The
Staff has done a very thorough and diligent job on this as well as the PTC,
which reviewed it in detail in at least two meetings and, I thought, very
thoughtfully. A couple of comments on this. First of all, I believe that
Staff—I concur with Staff that this is a very narrow Ordinance. It says if it's
already ground-floor retail, it should stay that way. It doesn't say we have
to put retail in such-and-such places where it isn't really right now. It
doesn't do things—the suggestion that we should concentrate retail in some
areas and not other areas, that does that, but this doesn't do that. This is
not expected to keep retail in town. This is not what somebody on the PTC
described as a retail master plan. It limits one of the pressures on retail,
which is competition from other kinds of uses that can, frankly, afford to pay
more money per square foot than most retail can. There's a variety of
reasons for that. Retail is very, very important to this community. It's a
very, very important part of our DNA in Palo Alto. As a lot of people have
pointed out, it is under a lot of pressure. The goal of this Ordinance is to
manage one of those pressures, not to fix all our retail problems. I don't
agree that this is putting restrictions on retail. It puts restrictions on other
kinds of uses than retail, but not on retail itself. A few comments in general.
First of all, I appreciate the outreach Staff did. It looked to me like the
stakeholder group was quite heavily weighted to developers and property
owners. I understand why that contingency would want more flexibility and
uses, which to some extent this Ordinance decreases. That characterizes
also and maybe even more so the speakers we had tonight. I was very glad
we had a couple of retail speakers, in particular Mr. Shuchat, who made a
comment in the PTC meeting. He said in terms of his building he's getting
tons and tons of calls for office space but very few for retail. What that
means for the City is if we want to have retail in town, then we do need to
be active in this area. I don't think we should wait for a couple of years to
do more study and so forth. We may well do more study, but we should
have this Ordinance in place before we do that. One of the big discussion
points has been the viability of different locations for retail in town. It's kind
of a curious discussion. It seems to me the question we're fundamentally
asking is are there locations where there's existing retail, but it's not viable,
which is kind of an odd question. You have to assume things about things

                                                                          Page 79 of 127
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/13/17
