                         TRANSCRIPT
later via Comprehensive Plan program and reference tables L-1 and L-2 and
include Staff comments regarding these tables and include references to
Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) wherever Level Of Service (LOS) is included in
the Comprehensive Plan.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Holman: The other reason that I want to do this is because
I don't want us to be in a situation where it seems like we're not going to be
adopting development standards and community indicators. The other thing
is—one could argue with me about that or not—under Option 1, Policy L-
1.17.1, 17.2, Policy L-1.18, a lot of these policies and programs underneath
that first option talk about community character and holding development to
the highest development standards in order to maintain Palo Alto's livability
and achieving the highest quality development with the fewest impacts. I
think that's really important. I think it's really important to the community.
I've never heard anybody in the community argue for eliminating any of
that.    I think it's important to have those goals and policies in the
Comprehensive Plan.       Again, it's a policy document.       That's why I'm
proposing the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Council Member Holman has just articulated very
well. I'll let her language stand.

Mayor Scharff: Fair enough. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I will be voting against the Substitute Motion, but
I'm also going to be proposing an alternative Substitute Motion after this is
voted upon, if it is not successful, which will hopefully provide a compromise
option that will be amenable.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I was initially in support of the original Motion. I
think Council Member Holman has convinced me on the Substitute Motion.
As I read this, we're not putting these in stone in the Comp Plan. We're
putting these in as reference documents to be fleshed out during the
implementation of the Comp Plan. There's been a lot of discussion about
performance benchmarks. I think this is a pretty good list, both on the
development requirements and the community indicators. It was pretty
much a compromise, I think.       There are a lot of things here in the
development requirements. Some of them are existing Ordinances, not
really changes, our Green Building Code, our Landscaping Code. It also got
                                                                       Page 79 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
