                          TRANSCRIPT
told me about how our neighborhood was once overrun by short-cutting
drivers and how residents and City employees and City Council people and
business people worked together to make our streets safe and quiet. That is
what I want. I want business people to pay the full cost of building
commercial buildings with adequate parking. I want City employees and
City Council people to make and enforce rules to ensure this. I want
residents to accept permit parking as a temporary, necessary inconvenience
rather than as a new normal. I am too young and not yet cynical enough to
smile and nod about how making legislation is like making sausage. I
understand that accommodating legitimate interests requires compromise. I
am a twin, and I've been at it since I was born. I reject the idea that once
someone has treated someone else unfairly and taken something from them,
they have a legitimate interest in keeping it. I strongly disagree that public
health, safety and welfare are improved by giving 250 business district
employees a right to park on nearby residential streets for up to 72 hours at
a time. I will likely live longer than almost everyone else in this room. I
shudder when I think about witnessing the next few decades of the
(inaudible), of climate disruption, of nonrenewable resource depletion and of
attendant social strife. All of us know that automobiles and their required
infrastructure are a huge factor in global ills. Almost all of us at least pay lip
service to reducing automobile use. Mandating that my neighbors and I
subsidize others' auto use by diminishing our quality of life is unreasonable
and unfair, not just to us but to people everywhere now and for the
indefinite future. I will be grateful if you will take a stand for reason and
fairness and make this a true Residential Permit Parking Program, where
permits are attached to residents by stripping it of permits attached to
businesses. Thank you very much for considering my views.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we'll have Tim Mulcahy. You'll have two
minutes.

Tim Mulcahy: Thank you. My name is Tim Mulcahy, and I was born and
raised in Palo Alto. I've been a dentist in this community for 34 years. For
the last 9 years, I've been owner of Mulcahy Family Dentistry at 1795 El
Camino, which is on the outer edge of the Evergreen RPP Program.
Residential parking has been squeezed by California Avenue, Caltrain's
parking in the south and Stanford employees in the north, who park in the
neighborhood and ride or walk to Stanford campus. The RPP proposal will
eliminate the Stanford employee parking, but the entire neighborhood area
is limited to 125 permits. Those 125 permits, if we go by the existing wait
list for the parking lots at Cal. Ave., will completely be swallowed up. There
will be none left for any dentists or any of the businesses on El Camino. My
employees come from 60, 70, 80 miles away. They can't afford to live here.
It means no viability to get new employees. I have a hard enough time
                                                                          Page 81 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/23/17
