                         TRANSCRIPT
goes on, on a weekend in August. If you have been to the area down east
where we call the Bank of America building, the tall building there, that's a
shadow area, and it's very cold in the summertime at Palo Alto Celebrates
the Arts. This big building is oversized in massing in terms of what it does
with the adjacent buildings. While it may meet the rules and regulations,
what it doesn't do is meet the look and feel of what our City should be. It
has some housing. I know the fellow was talking about housing in Palo Alto.
Yes, we need that, but these are luxury apartments. I encourage you to
turn this back to the ARB and reject it tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bill Lou to be followed by Rene Wood.

Bill Lou: Good evening. Many words have been said before, so I found out
the best way is talk about yourself and personal experience. I've been living
here with my family for 18 years, worked at CalTech for a few years. I also
lived in Europe for eight years, mainly in Zurich. In Palo Alto, I thought it
was good thing to be a builder with watching my kids here. A few years
ago, I decided to better use my intelligence, going back to renewable
energy. Today's meeting made me feel like I did the right thing. I've been
here a few times. ARB processes have not changed. I think today three
things. Take away number one, it's still about people not about a Code,
which is sad. Second thing, change is inevitable. It's very hard to do it
here. Third thing is no brainer to me. The design came from the same
architect group who has built here. The initial denial two years ago was
clearly a mistake. I've been through that process a few years ago. I'm in
support of both Elizabeth and Jaime. The architecture is a natural—it's good
stuff. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Rene Wood to be followed by Andrew Gottlieb.

Rene Wood: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. My name is Rene
Wood, and I'm not a resident of Palo Alto, but I visit here frequently and
follow your politics intensely. The thing that I'm hearing tonight was an
excellent presentation by City Staff, whereby they went through point-by-
point the history on this project and pointed out very clearly to those who
were listening what the ARB has asked for this design, Option Number 1.
They were also very clear in pointing out that Option Number 2 and Option
Number 3 have not been reviewed by the ARB, which is your process. The
attorney and the architect for Ms. Wong came up, and there was a lot of
hocus pocus in my view. There's a lot of shell-shifting going on. They did
not address the points that were made by the City Staff. In fact, they
basically insulted the City Staff by saying that selected emails which sought
to bring together various people on this project, which every City


                                                                       Page 49 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/6/17
