                         TRANSCRIPT
interesting point. The question for Staff, can we differentiate between
mixed-use locations and quiet residential locations, if the concern is housing
Downtown?

Mr. Lait: With respect to noise, I believe the section that the Mayor was
citing in the Ordinance had to do with the CS, CN zoning districts, CC zoning
districts. That's existing language, and that was not something we looked at
and are not proposing to adjust. There's also a provision in the Municipal
Code dealing with our performance standards, which deals with late-night
uses and activities, which has a whole set of—a purpose and requirement
section related to retail and when certain planning permits are required in
different zones. I feel like we have that—I don't know of that being an issue
that needs to be solved unless the Council has heard of some concerns
related to that.

Council Member DuBois: The other one I wanted to come back to is the
18.30C.040, which was this very specific thing about doing a survey
annually in September. The Business Registry's in spring, and I just don't
want to see us duplicate effort.

Mr. Lait: There is the potential for some duplication there as we think about
the Business Registry. I don't think that we were contemplating that when it
was presented at the PTC. We do annually report on the vacancy rate.
That's something that we do. The added provision of "and use" is probably
not necessary.

Council Member DuBois: I'd make a quick Motion if it's acceptable that we
just strike the "and use" part and we would get that from the Business
Registry.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: This is Packet Page 432, 18.30C.040.

Mayor Scharff: 432?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mayor Scharff: Eighteen what?

Council Member DuBois: 30C.040, annual monitoring of ground-floor retail.
I think the intention was good. It's just we don't need to capture the data
twice.

Mayor Scharff: You're striking that whole provision?

                                                                       Page 81 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
