                          TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto and have for some 60 years. It's a third generation practice now.
They've been very supportive of our position. I would say anecdotally half of
my neighbors are my patients, and a lot of them are friends. When they
found out about this issue, they were very supportive and offer how they
could help. Some of their suggestions have been incorporated into a
document that, I think, Josh Mello forwarded to you guys and some of the
solutions that we as a dental group can propose. That was done in
consultation with some of our neighbors. I had an unenviable task of
putting that together. Tonight, I just want to highlight three points and offer
a couple of suggestions going forward. The first point is we're not only an
essential service, but when we did our survey with the Dental Society, we
found that 90 percent of our offices are located a mile or even two from the
areas of high congestion that were identified in the survey maps. Most
importantly the garages being built. We're not really a part of the actual
problem as far as the density. Second, in the Evergreen area, we just did a
survey and got the response from seven offices. Five are fairly far from
California Avenue and the proposed garages. We're looking at .75 miles or
farther away. Together, we have 60 employees and 38 at any one time. We
offer 35 spots that we allocate to our patients. We take hundreds of cars off
the streets, and they're not circling for parking and helping eliminate traffic
and related issues that we have discussed previously. The only thing I
would ask you today is to, if this Resolution has to be adopted, at least in
this introductory period adopt it with an amendment to allow us to renew
our leases, to stay because you're not going to get a business that's going to
move into our place that's going to be more quiet, more critical to your care
and more peaceful for the community. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Council Member Holman: Mayor, I have a question for him if I could. It's
brief. I just want him to repeat what he said on Item 3.

Mayor Scharff: Come.

Council Member Holman: The third point that you made that was employees
and parking places. Would you repeat that please, just that?

Mr. Bee-La-Itz: For Evergreen area, we surveyed seven offices. We have a
total of 60 employees, 38 present at any one time. We offer 35 spots. From
the community, we really take three spots away, but we take so many more
cars off the road.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much.

Mr. Bee-La-Itz: You're welcome.
                                                                        Page 85 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
