                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Palter: The Foothills are considered an academic resource. There isn't
any immediate—there are limited academic facilities out there. There isn't
any plan right now for any substantial development out there. That's why
we're not seeking to move the academic growth boundary. Permanency is
something entirely different.

Council Member Kou: That's quite a concern since no maximum build-out is
discussed. I understand that it's hard to consider what could happen in the
future. Yet, that's a very important open space with an ecosystem of its
own out there. Also, in what you were talking about, you spoke mostly
about housing for the students and for your faculty. I didn't hear anything
about housing for the workers, your janitors and lower-income staff
members who, I understand in some of the community meetings that I've
been attending, come from the East Bay. Is there any plans in order to
provide that sort of housing for them on campus since we're also trying to
reduce the number of trips that are incoming?

Ms. Palter: Traditionally, Stanford has been a residential university since its
beginning. The core campus has really been used for students and faculty.
It's part of that living/learning environment and really the access to each
other in order to continue the teaching and research. Stanford has provided
quite a bit of staff housing, but it's outside this core campus area that this
permit addresses. There's staff housing at Stanford West. We have an
application pending in Menlo Park for more. When we're talking about the
core campus, the priority really is for students and for faculty because of
that mission. I will say we do seek to support staff in other ways with these
TDM programs that are continuing to evolve.              We are hearing the
discussions that we've heard at these community meetings and trying to get
a better handle on exactly what types of solutions might work in terms of if
people are coming from the East Bay how can we support them through TDM
as well.

Council Member Kou:        Talking about TDM, there's a group of Council
Members that are going to D.C. and going to be speaking with some of the
other officials over there about transportation. I'd hope that Stanford would
also join in, in terms of pushing for regional transportation that is a little bit
more longer term and strategically thought out in terms of things like
subways. I know these are all long-term things, and there's a lot of funding
that might be needed. It's definitely a good thing if you can lobby along
with the cities that you have boundaries with, then perhaps we can resolve
some of these issues in terms of trips and so forth. Can you do that? We've
been talking about Caltrain mostly and electrification and funding for that. I
think in a bigger picture and on a higher level we have to look at regionally.
Just coming up with these little solutions about providing shuttles and
                                                                          Page 34 of 102
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/27/17
