                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, just real quickly.

Mayor Scharff: I guess it's not time for a break.

Mr. Keene: It is. Just as far as break info, I don't know if it's 15 minutes.
Folks should know, who need to use the restroom, that they are limited
here. They're very constrained here. Part of the City's Healthy City Healthy
Community initiative, you can walk outside and around to the front door of
the Art Center itself, where there are more facilities, or you can go around to
the right and through the yard.

Mayor Scharff: Why don't we reconvene—it's now 5 of 11:00. Why don't we
reconvene at 11:10?

Council took a break at 10:57 A.M. and returned at 11:20 A.M.

2.    2016 Council Work Plan Performance Report.

Mayor Scharff: We're reconvening. City Manager, do you want to move us
forward on the Council Work Plan Performance Report?

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Members of Council.
We are about half an hour behind schedule. That was the easy part. That
being said, I'm going to try, as they say when you're speaking of airplane
noise, to see if I can't make up a little bit of time in the air here. Right now,
your schedule was targeting 11:45, which is a half hour from now, for lunch.

Mayor Scharff: Mr. City Manager, I just want to tell you that I was informed
that the lunch won't be here until noon.

Mr. Keene: What is scheduled right now is I was going to touch on last
year's Work Plan Performance Report, and then put some more texture to
the process for the Council Priority setting and some background. I would
guess that then you may have an—the next thing that would happen is the
Council's actual work on the Priority setting. Before that, you will take public
comment—is that correct—from the community. I'm guessing, Mr. Mayor, if
lunch doesn't get here until noon, we'll be able to get to public comment
before lunch, at least get that started. For the most part, you all have a
book there. After the agenda, there's a tab that says the 2016 Work Plan
Report Card. All that we were really expecting to do with this—that's this
sheet that has 79 projects that we put together for the Council, and you
added some. We did a midyear report to the Council last year. It's been an
evolving process to get more specific about how we actually implement and
perform on the Priorities that the Council has. Years ago when the Council
first adopted Priorities, we didn't actually specify projects or develop an
                                                                          Page 30 of 75
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/28/17
