                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I don't want to make as many comments as I
was originally planning on making because of the hour. I do want to say
thank you very much to Staff, thank you very much to members of the
public. I want to specifically call out two Hillarys in the room, who have
done a great job being very articulate and intelligent. My passion for civic
life started when I was about your age, by the way. I hope you don't lose it
and don't become cynical. It's very tempting. I struggle with that every
week. Also thank you to Josh and the rest of the Staff who have worked on
this, everybody in the community who's worked and been patient. I know
it's been a long time coming. I'm in a neighborhood that doesn't have a
parking impact problem or we don't need an RPP system. If we ever did
have the need, I'd want to be able to have at least a pilot like this to see if it
works. I'm glad that we're going to have a pilot to see if this works. Real
quick, I just wanted to check. Properties on El Camino Real are or are not
included in this?

Mr. Mello: They are included in the district, but the block faces along the
east side of El Camino Real will not be part of the RPP Program. The on-
street parking will not be regulated as part of the RPP Program.

Council Member Wolbach: The property at the corner of Page Mill and El
Camino Real, where there is—I think actually there's been filed an
application for a property that is saying we're not going to impact the
neighborhood. We're talking about having a lot of housing. It's not going to
impact the neighborhood. Would a residence in that property be eligible to
have parking permits in this district as the district borders are currently
drawn?

Mr. Mello: Yes, as currently proposed, they would be eligible to purchase
resident parking permits.

Ms. Gitelman: Unless there was something about the approval of that
project that precluded this residence, if this is legal, from obtaining permits.

Council Member Wolbach: I would rather head that off right now and deny
that property's future potential residents from being able to get free passes
in this district. That would just be a lot more cars competing for the same
amount of space. I would like to propose an Amendment …

Mayor Scharff: Your proposal is to remove that property from the district?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. I'm going to make a—correct me if I'm
wrong. I believe it's 2755 El Camino Real or 41 Page Mill Road, but it's the
corner of Page Mill and El Camino Real. The Motion would be to remove the
property, which was the former VTA park and ride lot at Page Mill and El
                                                                         Page 106 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/23/17
