                          TRANSCRIPT
Study Session

2.    Presentation by the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA)
      Regarding the Next Network Initiative and its Impacts on Bus Service
      in Palo Alto.

Mayor Scharff: Our first is a Study Session with the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority regarding the Next Network Initiative and its
impact on bus service in Palo Alto. Do we have a presentation?

Adam Burger, VTA Senior Transportation Planner: Hi, good evening. I'm
Adam Burger.         I'm a senior transportation planner with the Valley
Transportation Authority. With me is Jay Tyree, senior project manager, and
collectively we are the managers of the Next Network project. This is a
redesign of VTA's transit system. Before we dive into discussing about the
project, I wanted to thank the Council for having us tonight, thank Staff for
bringing this to the Council's attention. This is a lot more attention than
we're getting at other cities, and we really appreciate the input. I'd also like
to thank Penny Ellson and Arthur Keller; some super citizens who have been
helping us get the word out on this project and even collecting data for us.
We had 55 members of the public turn out to a public meeting in these
chambers on Thursday night, which is an incredible turnout for us for this
project. We very much appreciate that. This is a redesign of VTA's transit
network. This is a from-scratch redesign, much more than the standard
adjustments we make every two years to our system. We're talking about
where the bus routes go, when they operate, how frequently they operate
and which days of the week they operate on. This is not a capital project, so
we're not proposing to build anything through this. My objectives tonight
are to inform the Council of what we are proposing, to let them know why
we're doing this, some of the pressures that we're under as staff to put this
together, but then also to collect your feedback for how we can make this
Draft Plan better. For some background, we have three big goals for this
project. The first is to increase transit ridership in our system. This is a
chart of VTA transit ridership over the past 15 years. You can see that we've
fallen 23 percent since 2000, at a time when the population has been rising
12 percent over that period. You would think that more residents would
mean more riders for VTA, but it's gone the other direction. Part of that is
that VTA does not offer as many hours of service as we used to. That's a
result of increasing labor costs and increasing healthcare costs. VTA's
transit spending hasn't really increased; it's just kept pace with inflation over
that time. Higher costs and no new money has led to less service, and
that's led to less ridership. Another of our goals is to improve the efficiency
of our system. This is a chart of fare box recovery rates for major cities on
the western half of the United States. VTA is at the bottom. We are about
                                                                          Page 2 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
