                         TRANSCRIPT
be to actually change the fall period if there's a concern about new Council
Members. I wouldn't just reject it because of that. We did have four
applicants for three slots on HRB. That's not necessarily a Board where we
get 20 people applying every time. For the old openings that we interviewed
for already, I personally think we should go ahead and appoint those
tonight. For the new openings that happened after those interviews, I think
we should go ahead and open up and do a new recruiting period. I'm not
really hearing a good reason why we would reject the effort of the citizens
who applied and came in already.

Council Member Holman: If that's a Motion, I'll second it.

Council Member DuBois: Yes, I'd       propose a substitute Motion that we
appoint three candidates to the       Historic Resources Board and four
candidates to Park and Rec, and we    would reopen applications for the new
position on Parks and Rec for the     unexpired term ending December 15,
2018.

Council Member Holman: Again, I second.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to appoint three candidates to the Historic
Resources Board and four candidates to the Parks and Recreation
Commission for terms ending December 15, 2019 and direct Staff to reopen
recruitment for the unscheduled vacant term on the Parks and Recreation
Commission.

Mayor Scharff: Would you like to speak to your Motion?

Council Member DuBois: Just real quickly. There's two things going on
here. We interviewed people, and we went through a process. We told
them what the process and timing was. I think we should stick to that. If
we want to change the timing in the calendar year, we should discuss that
separately. I do think we had some good candidates. Certainly, we had
some really strong candidates for Parks and Rec. I don't want to send a
signal that we weren't happy with those applications.         We had four
applicants for three seats on the Historic Resources Board. I think we're in
good shape on both of those.

Mayor Scharff:   Council Member Holman, would you like to speak to your
second?

Council Member Holman: I think Council Member DuBois has spoken well to
it.

                                                                      Page 49 of 60
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/9/17
