                          TRANSCRIPT
times; they really did a good job for us—to simultaneously with considering
this RPP to look to the Transportation Management Association and
extending their charter over to the California area and funding them to
immediately get to work on a Comprehensive Plan for this entire district. I
think it's critical for its future, no matter where you stand on a lot of issues.
I think that you should continue on and accept this plan as written and keep
the phase-out on the table. Not decide to reconsider it in a year, but to
decide whether it can go forward in a year. If it is kept on the table just as
it is Downtown, it will take six full years for this program to be implemented.
As a community, if we can't begin to meet the needs of all the people here
including the dentists, in six years we're in a world of hurt and we're going
to have a lot of trouble dealing with the future that we all want to share
together. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 10:59 P.M.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now we return to Council for questions,
comments and Motions. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'd like to make a Motion, but I also have a couple
of questions. How procedurally should I do this?

Mayor Scharff: Just do your questions and then you can make the Motion.

Council Member Filseth: I actually had a couple of questions. I notice in the
plan the permit price is $149 a year as opposed to the Downtown one is
$450 a year. $149 a year is like 60¢ a day, which is like a third of a cup of
coffee at Starbucks or something like that. What's the reason that there's a
difference in price between the two areas?

Mr. Mello: A garage permit Downtown is $466, so the RPP permit is equal to
that. A garage and lot permit in the Cal. Ave. Business District is $149. We
matched that in our proposal for the RPP permit.

Council Member Filseth: You were looking relative to garage existing.
Another question I wanted to ask is—this is sort of an open-ended one, so
we may come back to this. You said this whole issue of who gets the
parking spaces, low income versus non-low income and so forth. You looked
at the issue of this kind of business versus that kind of business. This is sort
of open-ended. Did you look a lot at it, and the issue was it's complicated?
Anything quick you can say about that?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we decided just in terms of the administrative burden.
We would spend so much of our time arguing with people about what their

                                                                         Page 97 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
