                         TRANSCRIPT
thoughtful job on this. The proposal we've seen is consistent with the
Downtown framework. I do hope that some of the items that we have
looked at will get some discussion including pricing roll-downs, who gets the
permits. I think we ought to talk briefly about the number of scratcher
permits, which didn't really come up in the PTC meeting. That's how I hope
we'll proceed. Thanks.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you, and I'll speak to my second. I agree with
everything Eric just said. I'm really glad that we're moving forward, first of
all, with an RPP. I think the neighborhood really has been impacted, and it
has taken too long. I'm really glad we're doing that. It's really important
that we focus on the quality of life in the neighborhood. I also think it's
really difficult in that we need to balance issues that the dentists, for
instance, have brought up tonight. I do think that we probably underprice
our parking. I actually was going to ask the City Attorney is that something
we can put in the Motion or do we have to have a separate meeting to talk
about whether or not to raise the price or could we direct Staff to come back
tonight and look at that issue, if that was something that we wanted to do.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: I think that the RPP Program price is on your
Agenda, but the garage price is not. As I understand the recommendation,
Staff believes it makes sense to align the two.       That is probably a
subsequent Item.

Mayor Scharff:   We could direct Staff to come back with that as an issue,
right?

James Keene, City Manager: We could do that. I would just add that the
Staff, focused on Downtown now in particular, is developing a whole paid
Parking Study. Ancillary to that is the extension of that kind of conversation
to other areas of the City. That's on the docket for this calendar year,
coming to the Council. Of course, we've got an upcoming budget for FY '18
that the Council will be considering.

Mayor Scharff: With that said, I think as we go through this if people have
Amendments they want to make, that's fine. I don't think that I'm going to
accept anything as a friendly Amendment, frankly. I think that we should
take votes. I just wanted everyone to know that upfront. It's not that I
don't like your Amendment, I'm just not going to accept any friendly
Amendments. With that, I'll open it up to my colleagues. Council Member
DuBois, you were first.

Council Member DuBois: You guys moved quickly on the Motion. I do have
some questions, so I'm going to take a little time on that. I just wanted to
clarify a few things. Only the east side of El Camino would be part of this
                                                                       Page 99 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
