                          TRANSCRIPT
on Palo Alto Avenue. There is no stop sign coming around Palo Alto Avenue
to Everett going north. They just (inaudible) around. There is a stop sign at
Guinda, and people don't stop there either. Backing out of my driveway,
which is right there, is really difficult. You drive defensively. Making this
right-hand turn onto Everett just increases the desire to do that. It just
makes the traffic go along, because we're in an area that has very narrow
streets. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. John Guislin to be followed by Beth Guislin.

John Guislin: Good evening, Mayor and Council. My name is John Guislin; I
live on Middlefield. Most of you may know that I've been working on this
traffic issue for 3 1/2 years. I'm sorry that all my neighbors were not
included in the discussions. We tried to reach as broadly as we could. I
think people who may not live right on Middlefield don't understand the
magnitude of the issues we face. In the past three years, the traffic volume
on Middlefield has doubled from 8,500 to 18,500, in three years. That
means the traffic is backed up for hours each day. We have a mini
carmageddon like we experienced in December every afternoon and many
mornings during the weekdays.           All of this traffic causes all kinds of
problems including the accidents that we've documented. I think you
probably have seen some of the emails I've sent containing photos of cars
ending up on our sidewalks and even on our front lawns. That's because
people are going too fast. The four narrow lanes of Middlefield encourage
people to race or speed or try to get ahead of the car beside them. The
lanes don't support the large vehicles that travel on them now. The lanes
are about 10 feet wide. The Dumbarton bus is 11 1/2 feet wide, counting
the mirrors. The trucks and things cannot make turns or corners safely on
Middlefield. At the light at Lytton, there is no large vehicle that can turn
coming down Lytton, turn left on Middlefield without taking both lanes.
We've done a lot of homework, talking to the CHP and the California Office of
Transportation and Safety, collecting data.          In a sense, we did our
homework and we got the attention of the City. We wish to thank Josh Mello
and his Staff for doing an outstanding job of engaging with us and involving
us, looking at potential solutions. Of the proposals in front of you tonight,
only 7A addresses both safety and residential quality of life. Tonight's
meeting on Middlefield and the one coming up on RPP is going to be a
baseline for people to judge you and how you rate the importance of
residential quality of life going forward. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Beth Guislin to be followed by Tim Lindholm.

Beth Guislin: I'm Beth Guislin. I really request seriously that the Middlefield
Road be reconfigured to Option 7A with one lane in each direction and a

                                                                        Page 54 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
