                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, that's fine. You go ahead. I was a
little confused; I didn't see your light. Adrian's light is on. It's a little weird.

Council Member Holman: I just thought you would ask for questions, so I
hadn't put my light on.

Mayor Scharff: You didn't put your light on.

Council Member Holman: You didn't err in overlooking it. I just thought you
would call for questions.

Mayor Scharff: No worries. Council Member Holman, and you don't want to
go.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple of things. If Staff were—where'd he
go? Already leaving.

Mr. Shikada: Phil Bobel is still here.

Council Member Holman: Phil, if you could please. What kind of economy of
scale could we expect to get out of the current, identified site and is it going
to have to be a larger, physical site than we had earlier anticipated, and
what kind of noise does the—I've forgotten what it was—pyrolysis process
generate?

Mr. Bobel: The Redwood City pilot that Dennis referred to is going to give us
a lot of information that we don't now have. The very first actually in the
country happens to be right next door to us, which is great. We're going to
try some of our sludge on it. Whether we could squeeze it into our current
site is, exactly what they're doing in Redwood City, a little questionable.
That's one area that we're going to have to look at, could we fit that in. The
pyrolysis unit itself, as Dennis said, is quite small, and we could definitely fit
that in. The problem is you have to dry it before you put it in there. The
dryers at Redwood City are larger. We'll have to see if we can fit it in or not.

Council Member Holman: Noise factor?

Mr. Bobel: That shouldn't be a big problem. The noise from the fans of our
current incinerator are probably greater because they're older technology. I
think the noise of either anaerobic digestion or pyrolysis would be smaller
than our current incinerator noise.

Council Member Holman: Thank you, and thank you for your perseverance
on this. You've been at this for several years now. Thank you very much.
                                                                             Page 9 of 102
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 2/27/17
