                          TRANSCRIPT
Downtown. Because of this, we need broad uses, not restrictive. Downtown
just lost two of our major national retailers, North Face and Anthropologie.
Both left for Stanford. They're going to pay probably three times the
amount in rent, but they're going to probably get 500, 1,000 times the
amount of foot traffic. To retailers, that is huge. This Ordinance is just way
too broad.      As a personal example, I had a strong retailer that was
interested in the North Face building. In order to accommodate them, I had
to provide additional parking for them to succeed. I designed a plan to
demolish 2,000 square feet at the rear of my building to accommodate a
mechanical garage that would add the additional parking that would allow
the retailer to be successful. Unfortunately, Staff could not support that idea
because the interim Ordinance prohibited any reduction of retail and
provided no discretion to Staff even when the reduction was sensible and
beneficial. The space has been vacant for over a year. This is the world
we're living in of unintended consequences. Again, without some flexibility
I'm concerned that we'll see continued vacancy or marginal tenants that
bring little benefit to our community. It's time to really slow down and ask
the question what is the intent. I urge Council to set up a real, true
stakeholder committee that was done in 2009 and not rush this issue.
Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Simon Cintz and Ben Cintz after Jon Goldman.

Jon Goldman: Thank you. I've worked in Downtown Palo Alto in property
management and retail leasing for 20 years. I just had my anniversary last
month. I was a member of the 2009 stakeholder group. Frankly, that was a
great experience. We had property owners, residents, retailers, City Staff. I
think that's the right way to do it. Right now, it feels like there's a focus on
fast-tracking what I consider a pretty big bundle of changes to the
Ordinance. I just want to address a few of the issues where I think it's a
little bit being fast-tracked. To prepare for tonight on a beautiful sunny day
in Palo Alto, I went for a walk so I could think about the design elements,
the design standards. No window coverings, clear glass. I walked on
Ramona Street and Emerson Street between University and Hamilton. The
following businesses had window shades: Shoji Sushi, Jing-Jing, Rangoon
Ruby, Patxi's Pizza, Palo Alto Creamery, Edge Salon, Juut Salon, Three
Seasons, Osteria, Cardinal barber shop, Pace Gallery, Amber Dhara, Opa,
Natural Mattress Store. Pizza My Heart has extreme dark glazing. That's in
2 blocks. Those design standards, in my mind, are unworkable. With regard
to the use provisions, I think they are very strict. They don't just prevent
office conversions. Why are art, dance and fitness studios limited to 15
customers? Retail-like uses can't be reduced even to make way for housing
or parking. There are extreme restrictions. For example, film, data, and
video processors can't process any items for offsite stores. If they have a
                                                                         Page 49 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
