                         TRANSCRIPT
other Proclamation that's for Ken and Caretha Coleman. To receive that
Proclamation, we have Ken Coleman's niece, Lynnette Jones, here to accept
the Proclamation.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.     We have Vice Mayor Kniss reading that
Proclamation.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you, Mayor Scharff. It was a pleasure to stand in
for you last week. Karen, thank you for helping with the duties when I had
to leave. I appreciated that. She read the Proclamation into the record.
That's an astonishing number of accomplishments.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. If you want to come up to the podium.

Study Session

5.   Update on Stanford University’s General Use Permit (GUP) Application
     to Santa Clara County.

Mayor Scharff: Now, we move on to our Study Session. We have an update
on Stanford University's General Use Permit, GUP, application to Santa Clara
County.

Council Member DuBois: Greg.

Mayor Scharff: Am I missing something? Tom.

Council Member DuBois: Because I have Stanford as a source of income,
I'm going to recuse myself from this item. I'll be here, so call me back.

Council Member DuBois left the meeting at 6:42 P.M.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Mr. Mayor, members of the City
Council, actually Hillary has handed to me the opportunity to introduce our
guests here. While the specific topic we have before you this evening
relates to the Notice of Preparation on the General Use Permit, our ongoing
partnership with Stanford is obviously a very important one for the City. It's
my pleasure on behalf of the City Manager to introduce this topic. We have
with us this evening Jean McCown, Assistant Vice President and Director of
Community Relations, as well as Catherine Palter, Associate Vice President
for Land Use and Environmental Planning. I'd like to also acknowledge that
Kirk Girard, the County Planning Director, is also here with us this evening.
Is he here? We'll see Mr. Girard shortly. The County, as you know, is
responsible for the environmental process and ultimate approval on the
General Use Permit. We invited Jean and Catherine to provide an overview
of Stanford's application under the General Use Permit, or GUP as you'll hear
                                                                       Page 11 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
