                          TRANSCRIPT
shouldn't overlook the alleyway either. Kipling especially at night is a street
of very strong character, and it's very obvious. During the daytime, it is. At
night time, it especially is.      When looking at compatibility, rhythm,
transition, and scale, we're not looking at 429 University Avenue in
comparison to 525 University Avenue. We're looking at the building in its
context of the more immediate vicinity, the more immediate environment. I
would point to the recent Citizens Survey. What it seems to me is that when
we have projects that don't comply with, aren't consistent with our
Downtown Urban Design Guidelines and our Context Based Design Criteria
and our ARB findings, projects are either appealed or they're very unpopular
as we see and hear comments. The Citizens Survey has given us a declining
score on development the last several years. I think it's really important
that we pay attention to these matters. While they're not numerical, they
are just as important. Board Member Lew has brought forward and I've
mentioned too there are ways that buildings—not to repeat what I said
earlier—there are ways that even this building could make itself more
compatible and more transitional. I don't know why the applicant has been
resistant to making those changes. To this point, they seem to have done
that in ways that I've described previously and other Council Members have
spoken to and members of the public.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: I have a few questions for Staff. A lot of the
public speakers and a lot of the emails that we got had concern around three
topics. One was traffic; another was parking, and then the third was the
idea of mass or square footage or FAR. I want to take each of these Items
one-by-one. For traffic, with the studies that Staff has done, is there an
issue with traffic here at this project?

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Council Member. We did do a Traffic Study. In fact,
we also did a—what did we call it? We did a TIA, but then we also did the
residential one, the traffic index—some other study that we don't typically
require because of the concerns that we heard expressed about this issue.
This was in support and concurrence with the applicant. The results of that
showed that this did not trigger any threshold for significance in terms of
traffic impacts related to this project.

Council Member Tanaka: What about parking?

Mr. Lait: Parking is a function of meeting Code. The project meets the
development standards with respect to the parking. It is located within the
Parking Assessment District. The property owner has been assessed parking
spaces for contribution to the parking lot. There's a, I'll say, credit for those

                                                                          Page 63 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/6/17
