                          TRANSCRIPT
Preserve and was going pretty fast and took a jump a little higher and longer
than what I normally do and stuff. It turns out I crashed. As I'm lying on
the ground with three broken bones, Greg Schmid and his lovely wife come
up. They stand me back up again and help me get back to my truck. I
didn't even realize it was them when they had their sun hats on and stuff
until we started talking. When I reflected back on that, I just want to say
that watching Greg over the years, it's truly a reflection of his personal touch
on the City and the caring that he put into the years that he was here.
Thank you. Marc, I didn't have a chance to work with you, but I hope to in
the future at some point. Congratulations on your new seat. There you go.

Nadia Naik: Hi. First of all, congratulations to Mayor Scharff and to Vice
Mayor Kniss. Welcome to the newbies. I'm sure we'll be seeing you a lot. I
wanted to say on behalf of CARRD for those of you who don't know what
CARRD is, you'll soon learn on the Council. We just wanted to say thanks to
everybody. Thanks to Greg Schmid for all of your work. When we started
as fellow data junkies, we appreciated how you dove into those crazy
spreadsheets the way that we did. We thank you for that. With Council
Member Berman, our paths didn't cross as often. Now that you will be in
Sacramento, they probably will more often. Welcome to the challenge. Of
course Pat, I feel awkward also talking to you backwards, but I guess we'll
do this all night. What can we say? You more than anybody, I think, helped
us become the active citizens that we became and the reason why the rest
of the Council now knows who we are. Thank you for that. You have been
helpful in doing citizens advisory and the Rail Committee and so many
things, long-range planning. Your regional leadership, the meetings that
you helped us set up, working from San Francisco all the way down to San
Jose, really not about just keeping it local but thinking really broadly have
really impacted everyone. You have just worked tirelessly to help citizen
activists like me, accidental activists basically, get pulled into the thread and
not be able to back away from things. We thank you profoundly for that.
We're excited your tireless work has now got us the money from Measure B
so we can continue to have grade sep conversations in the community,
which we certainly are looking forward to doing. All I can say—this is mostly
on behalf of Elizabeth—you don't just talk the talk, you bike the bike. We
thank you for that. Thanks from all of us. We'll miss you.

Mayor Scharff: Arthur Keller to be followed by Lisa Chung.

Arthur Keller: Thank you. First, congratulations to Mayor Scharff on your
election as Mayor and to Vice Mayor Liz Kniss on your selection as Vice
Mayor and also on your reelection. I am interested in your comment about
the wheels on the bus turning round and round because we're about to lose
the 88 bus, which I'm sure that Penny Ellson will talk more about. We need
                                                                           Page 19 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/03/17
