                          TRANSCRIPT
requirement should be less. There is also some State stuff that reduces it
anyway. I'm not sure I'm supportive, but we'll see where people go. I
probably wouldn't vote against it just on that issue. I do have concerns
about not fully parking projects, especially in areas of SOFA II. If we built a
bunch of these without parking in SOFA II, that would be a problem.
Anyway, I'll hear what other people have to say. Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: A couple of questions. I'm very sympathetic, Karen, with
what you said. At the same time, though—Hillary, to ask you. A hundred
percent affordable means what?

Ms. Gitelman: It means that all of the units developed on the site would
have to meet the definition of low, very low, or moderate-income housing,
less than 120 percent of area median. They would have to be deed
restricted units.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I see no way that any developer could put together any
type of parcel in that area. I know that area well. You would really have to
do handstands, and on top of that you're going to have to get funding from
at least five different sources. I think that's one of those where we've just
passed the Retail Ordinance. Now, we're talking about this from another
angle. It's not making much sense to me. I don't know how it can be
rewritten or not written. I think that's one of those if you could make that
happen, I'd be absolutely amazed at it. You've got to get a fair number of
units to get any kind of funding from the State, from the Federal
government, and so forth. Am I correct?

Ms. Gitelman: You're absolutely right. What this is setting up as an
incentive is an extremely high bar on small sites. We're doing our best with
the sites we identified in the Housing Element to come up with a package of
incentives. Really the expedited review and waiving the planning fees are
probably the most meaningful of these. The others would be really, really
hard to make use of.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I see your concern, Karen, but for the life of me I can't
see how they could put something together there. Whether or not we leave
it in as is, because it meets the Housing Element, I think it's up to the nine
of us. I just would not see it as being threatening in any way, especially not
with the Retail Ordinance having just been passed. I certainly think people
are going to look at that differently, who might look to develop something in
that area.

Ms. Gitelman: One thing I should add to Mayor Scharff's point. I think HCD
would be absolutely thrilled if we tried to identify other larger sites than
these in our housing inventory. I think they forced us to include this
                                                                        Page 84 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
