                          TRANSCRIPT
complete than the ones that we had. I want to thank you for your
leadership and your service. I also want to say probably the thing that came
out in a lot of this besides working with you on San Francisquito Creek and
the Caltrain work that we've done statewide is you've certainly put your
stamp on this City in making it a leader sustainability-wise and
environmentally-wise.       That should be duly noted and recognized.
Congratulations. For former Council Member Schmid, as was noted, he is
probably the only Ph.D., and we have noted the Honorable Greg Schmid
Ph.D. on our Resolution. Again, our Resolution may not be as fulsome as
the City of Palo Alto's. I want to say that one of the things that did come
out, that your stamp on the City has been both tangible, such as the
addition to Foothills Park, and also the less tangible, which is your ability to
use data to inform and drive decisions of the City. That is not as much
appreciated but should be very much recognized. We thank you for your
service. Happy new year to all.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Sandra Slater to be followed by Penny Ellson.

Sandra Slater: First of all, congratulations to the new Council and to Mr.
Mayor and Ms. Vice Mayor. I just tonight wanted to take this opportunity to
express my deep appreciation for the outgoing members of the Council
tonight. We're watching the kernel of democracy, the peaceful turnover of
power with the knowledge that everyone here this evening has made the
commitment to make our City even better. The call to public service is done
out of the desire to serve the public interest and to serve the larger
community. It's with really tremendous gratitude that I offer my remarks
this evening.      The City Council reflects our values, concerns and
opportunities. I'd like to implore every resident of Palo Alto to come down to
Council on Monday nights and see the hard work, dedication and thoughtful
deliberations this fine group of citizens, who are sacrificing their Monday
nights and sometimes Tuesday mornings, not to mention the various
Committee and task force meetings, liaison responsibilities and so much
more, to make our fantastic City even better. We all know that you didn't
make that sacrifice for the money but for a profound sense of duty and
responsibility to oversee the enormously complex task of running a City and
wanting to make a difference in our collective lives. Thank you also to the
Staff who just does an astounding, wonderful job on every level. Every
interaction I've had with Staff has been just really, really terrific. A special
thanks to our Mayor Burt, who has been a champion of sustainability and
environmental causes for as long as I can remember, from bike and ped
infrastructure to our S/CAP to shepherding our Utility to carbon neutrality
and of course the Cool City Challenge. He's been leading the charge, and we
and the planet are grateful for tireless commitment to a green Palo Alto. We
lose a great environmental leader tonight at Council and sincerely hope that
                                                                          Page 21 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/03/17
