                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: One thousand may be too small. I'm not sure. I think most
of those yoga studios are bigger than that, frankly.

Council Member Filseth: I think I'm not going to accept it. If you can get a
second, we can discuss it. I think what we're trying to do here is not—I
want to make sure we don't try to design retail and studios here. We want
these guys not to have to bid $10 a square foot against the offices next
door.

Council Member Wolbach: Exactly. We talked about earlier the utility of it.

Mayor Scharff: I think your concern of a low density is a one-off concern
that happened.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm going to defer to others if somebody wants to
make a motion to have something in there. I guess the last thing I'll say is
I'm not going to—I'm not sure it needs to go in here, but I just wanted to let
Staff know that, at least speaking for myself, there's a lot of encouragement
to make sure we really do fill that Economic Development Manager role in
the City Staff. It would be great if that's somebody who actually has the
ability directly or through connections to help the City be more effective in
getting good retail and curating our retail and working with the Chamber and
working with the Business Improvement District and working with the
California Avenue business members. I don't think it needs to be in the
motion, but I just wanted to make sure Staff knew that Council really does
support, at least I do as one Council Member, getting that role filled.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Just a few amendments. I
suspect they're going to be unfriendly. One, I'd like to remove 18.30A.035
and 18.30C.03 …

Mayor Scharff: Why don't we just take one at a time?

Council Member Fine: These two are related.

Mayor Scharff: Where are they?

Council Member Fine: These are the design standards.

Mayor Scharff: Which page?

Council Member Fine: Packet Page 430 and 432. I think we heard from a
number of retail business operators that these were overly prescriptive.
These are the window standards.
                                                                       Page 96 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
