                         TRANSCRIPT
was speaking to was that the new Apple store was one of the sites for which
TDRs were granted. The Code's interest is to remove seismically vulnerable
buildings and shore them up and replace them with buildings that meet the
current standards. In the process of the building permit construction, it
turned out that the existing walls that were to be retained couldn't be
retained, and they were removed. The site was essentially demolished and
built anew. That's not inconsistent with how some other projects in the City
have been previously reviewed with respect to TDRs, but it did raise the
conversation that the Council did talk about and directed Staff with respect
to seismic upgrades of buildings where the Council had expressed an interest
that Staff no longer allow complete demolition to be a means for meeting
that standard. Now, you do have to retain and actually rehabilitate the
existing structure. That was a conversation that happened subsequent to
the City granting the TDRs for that site.

Council Member Filseth: Where does that leave this project? You're saying
it was okay under the old rules but not the new rules. Did I understand that
right?

Mr. Lait: We're saying that this project was evaluated consistent with City
practice, and we believe that the TDRs are valid for this development site.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: If it's all right with the Mayor, I see a member of
the ARB. I wanted to ask a couple of questions.

Mayor Scharff: Sure, go right ahead. That's what you get for coming.

Council Member DuBois: I have two questions for you. The first one was—
Option 3 has been described as highly similar to designs that you guys
looked at. Do you agree with that?

Alexander Lew, Architectural Review Board Chair: I do want to be clear that
normally when a representative for the Board comes here, we represent the
whole Board's opinion. The Board has not seen Option 3, so I can't tell you
what the Board thinks about Option 3. You're actually asking is Option 3
similar to Option 1. The Board only saw a preliminary drawing set of Option
1. It was like a pencil drawing set. Not all the drawings were included. We
didn't have perspective renderings from different sides or whatnot. Option 1
really has not been thoroughly reviewed by the ARB.

Council Member DuBois: The second question is—in November of 2015
Council made a specific Motion to ask the ARB to evaluate the project on six
specific findings. What was the result of that review?
                                                                      Page 55 of 78
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/6/17
