                          TRANSCRIPT
pursue. I do think it would be helpful to have these programs in an
appendix or something where they could be referenced, but just keep this
element focused on the goals and the policies that we have all diligently
looked at.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I almost don't know where to start on this one.
Seriously, if this was a direction we were going to go and we were just going
to focus on goals and policies, we should have had this discussion a year ago
or more. We have three members of the CAC here. I think others were
here earlier. While we can sit here and say we respect and appreciate the
work that the CAC has done, I don't know how that can possibly be true.
It's not possible. It's so inconsistent with this action. I don't mean
disrespect to my Colleagues.         I'm, as a friend of mine would say,
gobsmacked at this Motion. I'm truly gobsmacked. Look at all the time that
the Staff has put in on developing programs, that we've had consultant time
spent on this, all the money and time that has been wasted developing
programs that now we are just like "we don't need them, we don't want to
do them." This is not the time to be taking this action. I also don't think it's
a prudent action to be taking. The prior Comprehensive Plan had goals,
policies, and programs. The problem that we had with it was that there
were some conflicting ones. What we should be working towards in this
document is eliminating any conflicts. The last time this came to the Council
we talked about how the language could be trimmed, because some of it is a
bit flowery. Some of it is redundant. I vehemently oppose this Motion. I
don't think I've ever said that at the dais before. I vehemently do oppose
this Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: I've spoken.

Mayor Scharff: You spoke already. Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Karen, I sympathize with this; however, I spent a lot of
time over the weekend looking at the programs. Every one of the programs,
to me, looked as though it had more Staff time spent on it than I could
imagine we could possibly do on each one of those policies. They are
extensive. There are many—I didn't count how many new programs there
were, but there are any number of new programs. If we are really trying to
trim down this document and make it a really usable document, I didn't see
how we could do that number of programs that's included in it. I don't
remember how many programs there were. Hillary, do you remember how
many new programs there were?
                                                                         Page 98 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
