                          TRANSCRIPT
      Existing 4,626 Square Foot Commercial Building. Environmental
      Assessment: Not a Project. Pursuant to Section 15270, California
      Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Does not Apply to Disapproved
      Projects. Zoning District: Downtown Commercial (CD-C (GF)(P))
      District.

8.    Fiscal Year 2017 Mid-year Budget Review, Approval of Budget
      Amendments in Various Funds and Approval of Amendments to Three
      Salary Schedules.

9.    Approval to Issue a Contract Change Order to Contract Number
      C16163847 With Wadsworth Golf Construction Company in the
      Amount of $198,850 for the Construction of a Prefabricated On-course
      Restroom at the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote. That passes unanimously with Vice Mayor Kniss
absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Action Items

10.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9666 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Ordering Weed Nuisance Abated.”

Mayor Scharff: Now, we're going to move to weed abatement. Do we have
any speakers on weed abatement? We do. Congratulations. I think this is
the first speaker on weed abatement in a long time.

Public Hearing opened at 8:04 P.M.

Mark Lee: I'm speaking only on my behalf.

Mayor Scharff: Mark Lee, take it away.

Mr. Lee: My name's Mark. Good evening, Mayor and the Council. I live on
707 Moreno Avenue in Palo Alto, right up at the corner of Middlefield and
Moreno, which cross-street is Walgreen. The reason I brought that up is
that the characteristic of my location—I will talk about that more in detail. I
received this notice from City and the County regarding putting me on the 3
years watching program because I had, I think, at one time in last year I
had the weed. I didn't know that such thing even exist in the first place. I
lived in Palo Alto over 20 some years, this particular property over 15 years,
and always kept my lawn the proper maintenance and never got into this
issue before. Now, I got this notice. Just because, I think, one time I had
the grass that I did not take care of. The grass all died, and I had a few
                                                                         Page 24 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
