                         TRANSCRIPT
Again, had it not been for Pat—Pat, I won't give you a hug and I won't shake
your hand because I have a cold—certainly [foreign language], as we would
say in Spanish, to him for again this deep soul sense of equity and justice
that, I think, he brought forward in that discussion with us. Thank you very
much, Pat.

Mayor Scharff: Before we conclude public comment, I wanted to call
Supervisor Simitian and just say did you have something from the County
you wanted to present tonight. Did you say that? If you want to do it now,
that'd be great.

Mr. Simitian: It can wait.

Mayor Scharff: You don't want to do it now. In that case, we'll move on.
We have some—let's see. I think the next thing is we actually vote on all
three Resolutions. If I could have a Motion to approve.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I so move.

Council Member DuBois: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois to
adopt three Resolutions expressing appreciation for outstanding public
service to Patrick Burt as Council Member and Mayor, Greg Schmid as
Council Member, and Marc Berman as Council Member.

Mayor Scharff: It's moved and seconded. Please vote on the board. That
passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Scharff: Before we do Oral Communications, we now need to present
the plaques. The first one is to Mayor Burt. Thank you for your service.
(Inaudible).

Patrick Burt: Given that I stand between us and the refreshments, I'll try
and make it short. It really has been a privilege to serve this community for
nine years on the Planning Commission and nine years on the Council and
time before that and neighborhood leadership. I wouldn't have done it if it
wasn't such a wonderful community to live in, to raise our children and to be
part of. We certainly always have our great challenges going forward. They
continue to evolve. Yesterday's challenges are not the same as tomorrows.
I do really commend our community and the Council for what we're now
engaged in, in our Comprehensive Plan, in our Sustainability and Climate
Action Plans that are building on the work of prior Councils and the

                                                                        Page 25 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/03/17
