                          TRANSCRIPT
and, therefore, the impact at large. It is, therefore, our opinion that until
the Staff comments are properly addressed, this stance of the ARB should be
maintained and the project denied. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we have David Kleiman to be followed by
Jeff Levinsky.

David Kleiman, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 7: Good evening,
Mr. Mayor, Council Members. I'm going to show you a set of slides. I'm
going to move through them very quickly so that in three minutes you've
seen about 45 photos. Please take a look at them. At the end, I will
respond to the prior speaker from whose client, by the way, I did receive a
letter of endorsement approving my project, as I did as well from the other
adjoining neighbor. I have two. What you see here is the original project
that I proposed a little over two years ago. Essentially, it's new construction
on top of an existing building. I did receive strong input from Staff at that
time to proceed not with a sympathetic renovation that was mid-century in
character, which was my initial inclination, but instead to go with new
construction. We did that, spent quite a bit of money on it. When we got to
the ARB, I was given surprisingly just the opposite message: "It's too bad"
"It's a great mid-century building," "Maybe you ought to consider taking a
different approach." I was already predisposed to that, so that was fairly
straightforward. Just by way of introduction, you can see this is on the
corner of Emerson and Forest as outlined there in red. These are photos of
the streets surrounding the property. You can see, if you see the stop sign,
upper right, my building is to the right. You can see to the left there's a
five-story structure across the street. This is a view looking towards the
train tracks down Forest, again five-story structure. My property is out of
the photo to the right. This is a view looking towards City Hall. You can see
my building on the left in the foreground. This is my neighbor to the north,
up Emerson. It was at one time quite an attractive building. I've seen some
historical photos. It's now essentially a wood-clad remaking of a building
that has no particular architectural style. Whereas, you can see mine on the
right is clearly a mid-century. The building to the right, which is down
Forest next door to me, has a strong mid-century identity. We've done all
that we can, which you'll see in the last slide, to try to emulate that mid-
century character. I'm going to skip through essentially all of these slides
and get to the end. This is our proposal. It has rhythmic windows, it has a
mid-century character to it. It is responsive to virtually all of the very
limited number of comments that we received from Planning. Essentially
what I'm asking you to do is—I'm sorry.

Mayor Scharff: Time is up. If you have one sentence.


                                                                         Page 21 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
