                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: The guidelines would apply because the Council was wishing to
establish that design requirement in the district generally. It needs to apply
generally. With respect to current legal nonconforming uses, we have an
additional issue, which is noted in the Staff Report. We really cannot with
the passage of an Ordinance simply resolve those issues. That may involve
some amortization, and we need to look at that separately. We have an
extra hurdle with those businesses. You can establish that design standard
if it applies generally to all businesses in the district because you want that
user experience for folks on the sidewalk. Then, we can come back for
amortization. Does Staff have anything to add?

Mayor Scharff: Putting aside amortization, because that's the concern, are
you saying we do not have the authority to say that a building, for instance,
that is being used as an office use that has opaque windows cannot be
forced to have non-opaque windows in the district? Is that what you're
saying?

Ms. Stump: You need a rational basis for a design standard.

Mayor Scharff: The rational basis would be that the other places are retail
and that they are not breaking the block. Whereas, an office use in the
middle of the block breaks the block by putting opaque windows and by
having a user experience where you walk by and you see what people are
doing creates visual interest on the street. I don't …

Ms. Stump: What I just heard was that you're wishing to actually allow
retail businesses to not have that design standard, to actually create an
opacity. In fact, there's some inconsistency in the record here. I think
Council needs to clarify what it is you want for a design standard. We do
need to deal separately and in another Ordinance with the existing
nonconforming uses.

Mayor Scharff: I guess the question is, though—I'm still confused. If we
make this apply to the entire district, does it apply to an office building?
Someone has an office building; that's what they're using it on the ground
floor. It may be a nonconforming use. Can we say to them, "You must now
take off the paper that you've put on your wall because our Ordinance says
that you must do this" or not? It's not telling them they can't run an office
out of there. It's just simply telling them that they may not have opaque
windows.

Mr. Lait: If I could answer your question. It's a two-step process is what
we're saying. One is we need to have a standard. That's what we were
hoping to do with this Ordinance. Two, we were going to come back with an
Amendment to the Municipal Code, not in the zoning section, to give us the
                                                                       Page 100 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
