                         TRANSCRIPT
closed to traffic, viewing stands erected, speakers and performers on King
Plaza, all culminating with a big-screen viewing of Dr. King's most famous
speech, which brings me to a request for a different big screen reprise. In
April 1967, Dr. King spoke at Stanford's Memorial Auditorium. It was a
difficult time. Largely condemned by the press for opposing the Vietnam
War, poverty program funding sapped, the FBI trying to destroy him,
nonviolence losing ground to darker forces, King's speech The Other
America, the America of poverty, unemployment, substandard housing and
despair, in front of a packed house was filmed. On its 40th anniversary,
LaDoris Cordell and the Aurora Foundation at Stanford played it. I can't
adequately describe the feeling of sitting in the same Memorial Auditorium
where students and faculty sat and stood in 1967, watching and hearing
Dr. King speak, calm, eloquent and without notes, now on film and via the
big screen. You could find it on the web, but I hope that others will have the
experience as I and that it will be played again on the 50th anniversary in
mid-April and in Memorial Auditorium.         Thank you immeasurably to
Dr. Jones and all those who keep the Kings' work and mission alive and
relevant to the present.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

1.   Fire Safety Month Poster Award Recognition to Palo Alto Unified School
     District Students for Excellence in Design, Art and Messaging
     (Continued From January 9, 2017).

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll move onto the Fire Safety Month Poster Awards
recognition to Palo Alto Unified School District students for excellence in
design, art, and messaging.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief: Good evening, Mayor Scharff and Honorable Council
Members. I'm Eric Nickel; I'm your Fire Chief. I'm excited to introduce a
group of extraordinary youth fire prevention leaders. As you walk through
the hallway to the front lobby, I hope you had an opportunity to see the fire
safety artwork created by the amazing artists I'm going to present to you
this evening.      This group of young artists and their parents are a
demographic we typically don't see here in Council Chambers. These young
community members, though, are an important part of the Fire
Department's community risk reduction program.         As you may know,
October was fire prevention month, and it was established to commemorate
the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 that killed more than 250 people and left
100,000 homeless. This year, the Palo Alto Fire Department sponsored a
series of events including open houses, a City employee safety day, and of
course our annual youth poster safety contest. This year's theme was Don't
Wait, Check the Date, Replace Smoke Alarms Every Ten Years. The advance

                                                                        Page 2 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
