                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I think I've spoken to it enough. I'll leave it at
that.

Mayor Scharff:    Council Member Fine, would you like to speak to the
Amendment?

Council Member Fine: Sure. Just to reiterate Council Member Wolbach,
housing is the number one concern of this community. Palo Alto for decades
has not pulled its weight here. Here's an opportunity for us to show some
leadership, make moderate changes in our community, support our
environmental goals through the S/CAP in terms of smart growth near
transit and jobs. I also want to mention, as the Motion stands, 3,500-4,400
and 9,800-11,000 is still a jobs/housing ratio of 3:1. We're not really
making a dent in the problem which our residents are worried about. Yes,
we can moderate job growth. We can also build more housing. That begins
to address that gap. I don't think the limit of 4,400 really begins to do that.
We've heard from hundreds of residents that housing is their number one
concern. Housing types are of concern to them. Housing prices are of
concern to them. I just don't think moderation is the way to go on this. I
don't actually believe that 6,000 is illegitimate or going too far. Mountain
View is doing 10,000. Menlo Park is looking at similarly big numbers, and
they're half our size. I'd like to see Palo Alto be a leader on this, on housing
particularly.

Mayor Scharff: I'm just going to correct you.       Mountain View is actually
doing 15,000. Sunnyvale is doing 10.

Council Member Fine: Sunnyvale's doing 10, Mountain View is doing 15, and
Menlo Park is doing—I think it's slightly below 10.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member DuBois, do you want to speak to this? You
don't have to. I just wasn't sure.

Council Member DuBois: I had my light on for the original Motion.

Mayor Scharff: I'm going to clear the board. Just put your lights on if you
want to speak to the Amendment. Vice Mayor Kniss. Sorry, Vice Mayor
Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: The reason this is so important is that, for those of us
who ran last fall, the only issue was housing. There was nothing else. It
was housing, housing, and more housing. Sometimes it was affordable
housing. Sometimes it was micro units. There was absolutely no question it
was about housing. I'm not sure we've got to go tit for tat with other cities.
I don't think that's really the point. We're making a long-term plan tonight
                                                                            Page 72 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
