                         TRANSCRIPT
addendum and as alternatives to be considered by a future Council and not
adopted in the Plan. This is a striking difference from the current Plan where
all programs are officially part of it. Elimination of programs results in
greater arbitrariness in decisions by Councils. Programs provide essential
guidance to Staff on how to review future projects. The Comp Plan needs to
be enduring and represent the community consensus. That's why last year
we did not rush to forward the Plan under the prior Council. We agreed to
proceed deliberately, allowing the CAC to work to reconcile different
viewpoints of the community.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Deb Goldeen to be followed by Bonnie Packer.

Deb Goldeen: I'm here to speak in favor of the 6,000 housing units. In my
opinion, it's not whether or not; it's how. If they're well planned and
implemented, it's not going to be a problem. Fortunately, on this Council we
have some brilliant planning minds. Thank you, Greg. I feel confident that
that's possible. As for your—it's just a drop in the bucket. Lives are being
crushed from lack of housing. It's been horrible. I've watched it all my life.
This is just a drop in the bucket, but we owe to the greater community to
provide our little drop. As far as your Comprehensive Plan goes—Lydia,
please listen. Thank you. As far as our Comprehensive Plan goes, man
proposes and God disposes. The question is are you going to make a
righteous decision or as selfish one.

Mayor Scharff:     Thank you.     Bonnie Packer to be followed by Trina
Lovercheck.

Trina Lovercheck: I'm taking the place of Bonnie.

Mayor Scharff: You need to state your name.

Ms. Lovercheck: Trina Lovercheck.

Mayor Scharff: Bonnie's not speaking tonight.

Ms. Lovercheck: Right. I thought this discussion was starting at 8:00.
When she didn't see me here earlier, she stepped up. Good evening,
Mr. Mayor and City Council Members. My name is Trina Lovercheck. I'm
reading this letter on behalf of the League of Women Voters of Palo Alto.
Dear Mayor Scharff and City Council Members, the League of Women Voters
of Palo Alto has longstanding positions in support of diverse housing
opportunities for all, particularly for very-low, low, and moderate-income
people, and in support of an efficient and effective transportation system to
serve all, particularly those who are transit-dependent. Accordingly, we take
this opportunity to make the following points regarding the supplement to
                                                                           Page 39 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
