                          TRANSCRIPT
fine. If they're also required to have, say, six charging stations, then you've
got to provide those six charging stations, which would be separate and
independently accessed. They're not going to be …

Council Member Kou: They're not going to be on the lifts.

Mr. Lait: Right. We're talking about puzzle lifts where cars are moving
around to accommodate something. There's no way to charge that. Maybe
there's a way, but I don't think there's a feasible way.

Council Member Kou: On Number E, mechanical lifts shall not be used for
accessible parking spaces or loading. What does accessible parking space?

Mr. Lait:   That's exactly the point you were talking about with the ADA
access.

Council Member Kou: Thank you. I'm done.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you. Thank you, Staff, for being this before
us. This is helpful. I think in general it clears up a few small items in the
Code. I've got two quick comments and one question. One comment to my
colleagues. I would be happy to support the Staff recommendation as is. I
think we could go into details. I'm not sure it's really worth it. There were a
couple of comments about parking and why we should or shouldn't
necessarily remove the parking requirement for 100-percent affordable
projects. The two main reasons I can think of are: one, by removing the
parking requirement, you're lowering the cost of producing that housing, so
we get more of the good we're actually seeking; and two, as Palo Alto
Housing as spoken to us on numerous occasions, parking demand at many
of their sites is less than compared to other housing types. Affordable
housing essentially needs less parking in some cases, and we can produce
more of it if we require less parking. Just one quick question for Staff. Page
329 on the TDM plan, Number 3, it says you have to do a TDM for all
projects requesting a parking reduction. I'm just wondering if you can
quickly go over the different ways you may get a parking reduction. That's
pretty broad, and I'm wondering what are exact ways, whether it's buying
out in the assessment district or whatever else it might be.

Mr. Lait: Clare may have some more details. If you turn to Page 326 in
your packet, you'll see a whole list of reasons why somebody may request a
parking reduction.



                                                                        Page 74 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
