                         TRANSCRIPT
leadership and support during your service on the Planning Commission and
City Council. The results of that support is thousands of new students in
Palo Alto walking, bicycling, riding the bus and carpooling to school more
often. We've grown the ranks of alternative commuters by an order of
magnitude. As a volunteer for this program, my heart leaps when I see
fleets of young people on bicycles flowing into our secondary school
campuses. We thank you, we thank all of you for making that possible.

Mayor Scharff: Debra Cen to be followed by Ruben Abrica.

Debra Cen: First, I would like to congratulate the new Council and the new
Mayor, Greg Scharff, and Vice Mayor Liz Kniss. Especially I would like to
congratulate Lydia Kou and Liz. Now with two of you plus Karen we've got
three women serving on the Council. Congratulations. Also, I would like to
congratulate Greg Tanaka and Lydia Kou for becoming the two Chinese
Americans serving on the Council. Congratulations. Next, I would like to
speak on behalf of Chinese community. I would like to thank Mayor Burt for
his outreach to the Chinese community. Mayor Burt was very approachable
and very personable. The first time I met—maybe I should explain a little
bit. My name's Debra Cen and I'm a cofounder of Palo Alto Chinese Parent
Club three years ago. Our goal is to engage Chinese community, which is a
growing community—everybody knows the Chinese immigrant community—
to engage with the community and to become a bigger contributor to the
City. When I explained to Mayor Burt two years ago during, I think, Lydia's
campaign, I met Mayor Burt and explained to him. He's in full support. He
come for me and say, "I took Chinese class in my high school." He speaks
on Chinese to me. He said, "I have a Chinese friend." That made me feel
instantly very comfortable with him. Early last year, 2016, the Chinese
community also work with the City as a cosponsor, put on the inaugural
Chinese New Year fair. It was an enormous success. We have 1,200 people
attend the fair. We invite Mayor Burt to come and to give us speech. Just
last year. We really appreciate that. This year, we put all the flyer on your
desk and hope all of you will come. New Mayor will speak in the fair. Thank
you very much.

Ruben Abrica, City of East Palo Alto: Good evening, everyone. My name is
Ruben Abrica. I'm Vice Mayor of the City of East Palo Alto. I want to
definitely congratulate all the new Council Members, the new officers and
also the outgoing members of the Council and new Assembly Member from
Palo Alto but from our area too. I represent the City of East Palo Alto on the
Joint Powers Authority for the San Francisquito Creek, and I have done that
for quite a few number of years. I think I may be one of the oldest serving
members at this point. I have a little bit of the history on it. I live by the
creek. I want to say a few words in particular to Honorable Pat Burt for your
                                                                         Page 23 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/03/17
