                             TRANSCRIPT
A.         Identify Alternative Concept Plan 7A as the preferred alternative to
           implement as a one-year pilot project; and

B.         Amend the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Appropriation for:

     i.         The General Fund to:

                a.    Increase the transfer to the Capital Fund in the amount of
                      $200,000; and

                b.    Decrease the Planning and Transportation Contingency in
                      the amount of $200,000; and

     ii.        The General Capital Improvement Fund to:

                a.   Increase the transfer from the General Fund in the amount
                     of $200,000; and

                b.   Increase the appropriation to Transportation and Parking
                     Project (CIP PL-12000) by $200,000; and

C.         Find the preferred Alternative Concept Plan exempt from
           environmental review as a minor change to existing roadways that
           would not result in significant environmental impacts.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Thank you. Looking at this, I think you could find both
good and bad in 7A and 7B. What I found persuasive, aside from the fact
that it's very clear that's what the residents prefer, in addition if you look at
the final concepts on Page 11, it reduces collisions and reduces
neighborhood impacts from through traffic, which is exactly what we're
looking for. Then, it has very few significant environmental impacts. This is
the one that makes the most sense to me. I think Staff has done a very
good job of reviewing this. Thanks especially to residents who have been so
patient through all of this and who have stayed in touch, have really worked
hard to come up with a solution tonight.           I hope this goes through.
Congratulations to all of you who have been involved. Remember it's still a
pilot. This doesn't have to be the finale. I think this pilot is probably going
to a little over a year, but I think the pilot will give us a very good
understanding of what happens in particular on roads like that, when they
double their traffic in—was it three years when they doubled the traffic? I
know John knows. Three years. That's a big difference in the amount of
traffic on your road. With that, onto the seconder.

Mayor Scharff: Adrian, would you like to speak to your second?


                                                                         Page 68 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
