                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'd recommend that. Also, I actually just looked
it up. I had forgotten it or maybe had missed it before. A lot of people have
been talking about House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy essentially uses
our area as something of a piggy bank. He comes here a lot for fundraising.
He is from Bakersfield, a Central Valley Congressman from the 23rd District,
I believe. I think it's important to make sure that we communicate—I know
Carl Guardino from the Silicon Valley Leadership Group has been
communicating with him, but I hope Stanford will join in communicating with
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy to make sure that he understands
that Caltrain electrification is not inherently tied to High Speed Rail. It has
been separated by the State Legislature. The courts have ruled that it is
distinct. In order to support Caltrain electrification, one, in Congress, the
Department of Transportation need not support High Speed Rail. Make sure
that he understands that if our region is going to be able to be economically
vibrant and provide the fundraising resources that he wants to do and to be
the influential figure he is in Washington, D.C., we're going to need to stay
vibrant. We're going to need our transportation to be functional, and that
requires Caltrain electrification. I hope you will join in the next few weeks as
we communicate with Mr. McCarthy and others in Washington to make sure
they understand the gravity of the situation.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Also, thank you so much for being here and being
flexible about the date change and coming back again. Also, thank you for
being a leader in a lot of the innovation that you have provided at your
campus and overflowing to Palo Alto. I hope that we get to see you continue
with leading in these innovative ideas and implementing it but also being
accountable to the neighboring communities. My first question is was there
ever a maximum build-out that was discussed in the 2000 GUP? I know
many of us have already asked that. Talking with community members who
were involved in the 2000 GUP, there was mention that there was discussion
or maybe even implementation was there of maximum build-out.

Ms. Palter: The Sustainable Development Study that I mentioned was
approved by the County in 2009 and did address the idea of a build-out
study. There was a couple of paragraphs in the very beginning, like starting
on Page 2, that says essentially what Jean said before. It becomes so
speculative in a sense that it's not even helpful. That's why the sustainable
development study looked at the horizon that it did.

Council Member Kou: Would also Stanford also consider for the Foothills to
be Foothills and open space forever?


                                                                         Page 33 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
