                          TRANSCRIPT
Ben Sigman, Economic and Planning Systems: Sure. Thank you, Council.
Good to be here tonight.        My firm, Economic and Planning Systems,
conducted the Study. First off, to the point about inconsistency with past
studies, we carefully look forward rather than backward when we're looking
at revenue projections. We're looking at the marginal contribution of new
housing and the price points that come with that and the tax revenue that
comes with that. If you look across Palo Alto today and you took the
average tax revenue, property tax in particular, because of Proposition 13
and other factors, it's not going to necessarily have the same result as what
we're finding looking forward. Concerning costs, just to echo the Director's
statement, it's a snapshot of the 2015 Operating Budget. We're assuming
that cost controls where necessary are put in place to rein in anything that
might be growing now and looks to be growing in the future. The pension
piece is not explicitly captured. If the expectation is that it's going to grow
beyond today's or 2015's as a share of the total Operating Budget, then
those are additional costs that aren't in the Study.

Council Member DuBois: We certainly have had a lot of forecasts that that is
true. If I could ask you one more question. We've had projections that
pensions are going to take an increasing amount of revenue. The other one
is a lot of this seemed to be sensitive to property tax and the turnover of
properties, particularly residential. Did you make any assumptions in terms
of a shift of rental properties versus owned properties that might be resold?

Mr. Sigman: The split is fairly similar to what we have in the City today. We
did conduct sensitivity analysis that's documented in the appendix, that
looks at if turnover rates were to shift upward or downward pretty
dramatically, what would be the effect on the findings of the Study. We
found the sensitivities to be really modest.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: Let me see here. With regards to the Bay Area Clean
Air Plan, I see that it's from 2010. We measure air quality here based on
that plan. Do we have our own thresholds?

Ms. Gitelman:     We have thresholds of significance.      One of them is
consistency with the Air Plan for the region. We find a significant impact
there primarily because it hasn't been updated and it didn't anticipate what
we're doing with this General Plan. It's just one of several thresholds we
use.


                                                                            Page 52 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
