                          TRANSCRIPT
Fortunately, no injuries to citizens or firefighters. For the longest period of
time, we've had less than ten structure fires in the course of a year. City of
Palo Alto Staff and Cubberley tenants will be hosting the Third Annual
Cubberley Community Day this Saturday, March 25th. The day will begin at
9:00 a.m. with Canopy and Kiwanis leading volunteers in tree planting and
mulching projects around the front of the campus. At 11:00 a.m., there will
be performances and demonstrations on the stage in the outdoor Cubberley
amphitheater. Please come and enjoy the vibrant community at Cubberley
and see all the opportunities and activities available to the public. It's
always a great way to show support for the artists and other folks who make
Cubberley their home. Volunteer activities will run from 9:00 a.m. to noon
with demonstrations, food, and activities running from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00
p.m. March 31st marks the deadline for businesses currently enrolled in the
City's Business Registry to renew their registration. New businesses are also
required to register with the City through the online tool. To make the
process as simple as possible, the City has developed an easy to use website
for online registration at https://registermybusiness.cityofpaloalto.org.
Thousands of businesses were notified over the past 2 weeks about the
deadline, including information about how to register online. The registry
flat fee covers only the administrative expenses of the program and is not a
revenue-generating tool of any sort for the City. Most businesses should
have the necessary data readily available and be able to fill out the
questionnaire and pay a fee online in a few minutes. We'll certainly give the
Council a follow-up report on the reregistration process on this year's
Registry. From the City Clerk, just another reminder that the City is looking
for engaged community members to serve on the Human Relations
Commission, the Library Advisory Commission, the Public Art Commission,
and the Utilities Advisory Commission. Applications are available on the
Clerk's webpage at cityofpaloalto.org/clerk, and the application deadline is
April 4th at 4:30 p.m. Finally, tomorrow night, March 21st, celebrated
author Shaka Senghor, author of Righting My Wrongs: Life, Death and
Redemption in an American Prison, will be speaking at Cubberley Theatre at
7:00 p.m. This is part of the annual Silicon Valley Reads program and is
sponsored by the Friends of the Palo Alto Library. This year's theme is
justice for all. You can find more information on the Library's webpage.
That's all I have to report. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much.

Oral Communications

Mayor Scharff: Now, we'll move on to Oral Communications. We have Sea
Reddy to be followed by Mark Petersen-Perez. You'll each have 3 minutes.


                                                                             Page 4 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
