                         TRANSCRIPT
shadows are—nuclear winter is coming. Traffic and parking, no impact. Yet,
we're supposed to stand there and watch cars ram into each other on Kipling
Street. I don't believe that. Pictures opposing my project show flat
elevations because we're required by City Code to present flat elevations.
That puts the building in its worst light because nobody looks at a building
that way. You look at it in 3-D. The Comprehensive Plan, you can find
quotes in the Comprehensive Plan that oppose it, and the appellant has
found many. I have found many that support it, and I've enclosed those in
a letter to Council including quotes from the Comprehensive Plan and the
Urban Design Guide. This project is good for Palo Alto; it's good for me.
The Architectural Review Board has seen every page on that project except
for the one with the sizes because the numbers changed a little bit, so I had
to redo a new page. If you liked Option 1, you will love Option 3. All the
pages are the same, and the ARB has seen all those drawings. The ARB
went on record to say, "We need approval of the appellant or else the
appellant will appeal again." I don't think that's right. To continue on with
the presentation from earlier, here is a view of what it looks like from the
alley right now. It's a service alley. It has dumpsters, and the garbage
trucks come every day and pickup garbage from there, and cars park there.
That's it. It's hardly used by pedestrians as the Traffic Study that we
presented to the City shows. We have some slides about compatibility to
show that Palo Alto is really a diverse collection of tall buildings, small
buildings, modern buildings, older buildings. They take design cues from
each other, but it's all diverse. This building does the same. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, Michael Harbour.

Mr. Harbour: I wanted to summarize here and thank you again. This is a
colossal building on the narrowest street in Downtown Palo Alto. I want to
point out in terms of some metrics Bryant Street is 49 feet wide versus
Kipling at 29. It's about 70 percent larger. That same four-story building,
which would be allowed on Bryant, is going to appear much larger and have
much greater impact on that narrow Kipling Street. We've heard many
people come up and tell you emphatically that this building meets all the
Code requirements, the FAR, the square footage. Code requirements do
include FAR and square footage, but they also include the Municipal Codes
about context and compatibility. Those are just as important, the Codes, as
just the square footage alone. The only reason why we are at almost a 3.0
FAR is because of a transfer of development right, which the City has
admitted probably would not be granted in this day and age. It doesn't
mean that the applicant gets to use all of it. You have to look at the
receptor site for this area. Don't feel sorry for the applicants here. The
applicant went to the media. The front page of the newspaper in August,
the applicant has agreed to reduce the size of the Downtown project. It was
                                                                       Page 52 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/6/17
