                         TRANSCRIPT
through our multiple meetings with Josh and the rest of the traffic team we
knew that they were balancing capacity impact of the interior neighborhoods
together with the safety and quality of life which were our concerns. I heard
the call today about more discussion and more time, but you have to
understand how bad it is right now on the Middlefield Road. You have to see
it. You have to see the buses that can't fit in lanes and how they turn and
what the real capacity is. You see four lanes; there aren't four lanes. There
really is only two lanes. What Josh has come up with, I support Option 7A.
When you think about voting today, I appeal to you to take a timely action
because safety is a major issue and vote based on three things that I think
are important to balance, safety, capacity and quality of life. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Mark to be followed by David Hirsch.

Mark Eden: Good evening, Council. I also live on Middlefield, so I'm at the
junction of Hawthorne. I've lived there about 14 years. Traffic has gotten
significantly worse. Just to be clear, I don't think any of us are under any
illusions about reducing the volume of traffic. That's not really the goal of
this. The goal really is primarily safety and quality of life. There's been
occasions where we've had the frequency of accidents at a rate of about one
every week. It's almost, as Andrea said, you're almost awaiting the next
accident. Fortunately, I don't think anybody has been seriously injured, but
it's only a matter of time when that's going to happen. I do think that
Option 7A, that Josh came up with, addresses the safety issue, and it also
provides the residents in this stretch with some improved quality of life. I
also heartily back Option 7A. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.    David Hirsch to be followed by Stephanie
Munoz.

David Hirsch: Good evening, Council. My wife and I live on Palo Alto
Avenue, between Everett and Lytton. We appreciate that the present traffic
improvements will both improve safety on Middlefield and the concerns of
the residents of Middlefield. However, we want to note a problem that will
negatively impact the entire Crescent Park area to the east. Present traffic
problems in this area result when the traffic lights on Lytton and University
are red and cars begin to queue up. Those drivers not wanting to wait for
the light to turn green will short cut their path to University onto Everett,
Palo Alto, Guinda and the rest of the streets in the neighborhood to the east.
It happens constantly now and will increase substantially. Please request
the traffic department to redesign these intersections to prevent this
situation. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Stephanie Munoz.

                                                                       Page 58 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
