                           TRANSCRIPT
apparently enough Code Enforcement persons to adequately address
occupancy and use violations. When it comes to the fiscal analysis, I'm not
okay with our current level of services. I'm not sure that's what we ought to
be striving to achieve going forward. There are going to be impacts; those
impacts are going to continue. We suffer them now. Why would we want to
be satisfied with the level of service that we're getting now in some of those
areas that require, quite frankly, more financial resources? One of the
notes—it's a lot of material. I don't remember where it was. Maybe it was
repeated in the presentation tonight about how there's not a Conditional Use
Permit to regulate employee density. Perhaps we ought to do that, because
it's directly related to demand on City services. It's directly related to traffic.
I don't need to expand on those. We have done our analyses on 4 per
1,000, and we know in a great number of cases it's not 4 per 1,000. We're
kidding ourselves if we think it is. Other Council Members have mentioned
too great a reliance—members of the public did as well—on a TMA that is not
only unfunded for the most part to this point in time, it's not even proven
itself to be—we're hopeful. To this point in time, I don't think we can rely on
it like here's our solution. I don't think we can do that. TDM, if we're going
to rely on TDM, obviously they have to be enforceable TDMs. Whether it's
TMA or TDM, whatever we add in terms of a workforce, if it's a 30 percent
reduction in trips, there's still the 70 percent that's traveling by other means
that aren't public transit or carpool or however you want to address that.
The physical character, some of the scenarios also talk about considerable
changes that could occur to the physical character of the town. It's another
reason why I want the ADU recently adopted Ordinance to change. There's
a lot of that that, I think, could have a quite significant effect on the physical
character. A member of the public mentioned something about—one or two
members of the public talked about housing units and for whom. That is a
really good point.         That could affect both the economics and the
environmental impacts. Let me see if I've covered most of my comments. I
do appreciate—you are still here. Gil Friend sent an email. I apologize. It
seems like I’m just running from one thing to the next these last weeks. I
apologize I have not responded to it. Thank you for your email regarding
embodied energy.          I appreciate that very much.          While it isn't a
requirement, I do still wish that the City would be responsible and proactive
in looking at the embodied energy in existing buildings and what it takes to
construct new buildings. It goes a little bit beyond—it's more in the LEED
category. It's not just the embodied energy, but it's also the energy it takes
to recycle materials and the energy it takes to produce the new construction
materials and transport them to the site. The last time I read it, it's before a
construction product gets from the manufacturing site to the construction
site it's transported seven times. These are not insignificant. I don't want
to make you regret what you put in your email, Mr. Friend. If the City even
looks at its purchasing practices, its greenhouse gas impacts go up quite a
                                                                               Page 60 of 91
                                                                Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 03/20/17
