                        TRANSCRIPT
C.   Direct Staff to propose a limit to daily hangtags per employer; and

D.   Remove 2755 El Camino Real (former VTA Parking Lot) from this RPP
     Program; and

E.   Replace in Resolution Section 4.A.c. “two employee” with “three
     employee” and replace in Sections 4.B.1 and 4.B.2, “resident living”
     with “residence”; and

F.   Refer review of this RPP Program to the Planning and Transportation
     Commission prior to Council’s review; and

G.   Direct Staff to investigate ways to streamline purchasing of parking
     garage permits and consider valet parking; and

H.   Allow employee permits to be shared between employees of the same
     business; and

I.   Direct Staff to investigate ways for businesses to share permits within
     the Business District; and

J.   Direct Staff to schedule a Council Agenda Item relating to the creation
     of a California Avenue Transportation Management Association (TMA)
     or expansion of the Downtown TMA.

Mayor Scharff: Now, let's vote on the whole Motion.

Council Member Fine: Mr. Mayor, one last Amendment?

Mayor Scharff: You already spoke. I'm sorry. I'm not going to open it up
for a whole other round. That passes 8-1.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Council Member Filseth:     Can I ask a question before we leave this
completely?

Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Council Member Filseth: I don't think we should drop the issue of medical,
dental, local-service retail versus tech software companies that have tons
and tons of employees and very deep pockets crowding those out. How do
we revisit that issue? What's the process?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we're going to understand very shortly after we start
implementation of this program if we've designed something that's going to

                                                                     Page 121 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
