                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: I'm going to try something a little different.

Council Member Holman: Could I speak to my second?

Mayor Scharff: Yes, you can, but just wait. I'm going to try something
different. I want you to think about this all. If Tom's going to have three
Amendments—I didn't quite anticipate we'd have that many. If every
Council Member has one or two and then we have a long Council discussion
about each of them, we are going to be here 'til 2:00 or 3:00 in the
morning.     What I'm going to suggest is we actually don't have any
discussion on the Amendment. We vote. If you want more discussion on
the Amendment, abstain. If the vote doesn't get five votes negative or
positive, then we can have a discussion on it. If there's overwhelming
support for it or overwhelming negativity, we'll know that right away. If you
really want to talk about it, abstain. If the abstentions get the most or
there's no consensus otherwise, we'll then have a big discussion about it. If
anyone doesn't really object too much to that, but I will let Karen speak to
her second.

Council Member DuBois: Actually I just want to clarify it. Six months after
it launches, not six months from now.

Mayor Scharff: Karen, do you want to speak to your second quickly?

Council Member Holman: Yeah, quickly. The intention is not to have Staff
do the rigorous kind of outreach that you did to get this far. I applaud you
for getting this far. To have a check-in that—we're going to hear things.
We're going to hear things as Council Members. You're going to hear things
as Staff. The merchants and medical offices are going to have comments to
make. I think it's an opportunity for the Council to just hear and Staff to
hear too how it's going. Certainly not the intention of doing the extensive
outreach you did to get to this point in time. We don't expect that.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we understand that. It's just that it would—it's the
same Staff who will be working on the Southgate program, the Downtown
program and other parking projects.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the board. That fails on a 4-4 vote.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-4 DuBois, Fine, Holman, Kou, no, Kniss absent

Council Member DuBois: My second attempt. I'll word this carefully. To
consider the creation of a phase-out program for business permits, that

                                                                     Page 103 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/23/17
