                          TRANSCRIPT
bad that it turns out the owner, Sand Hill Properties, secretly asked the City
to let them put cars onto neighborhood streets without, by the way,
notifying neighbors. We were told traffic wouldn't be a problem, but the
neighbors all point out how bad it's become. Most ironically, we were told
that adding housing would help, but it turns out the houses that were added
sold for about $3 million each, more than the cost of the single-family
homes around them. It actually made affordability worse. In summary, the
City in the past did not think we could grow much. When we were promised
growth that wouldn't impact parking, traffic, or affordability, the City was
wrong on all three counts. Please remember that tonight. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Kniss: If any of you have not turned in your cards yet, could you
turn them in now so that we can add you to the list and have some kind of
tracking of how many will be speaking tonight? Thanks. Katie Talbot.

Katie Talbot: Good evening. More and more people want to live in Palo Alto
because it is beautiful, it is filled with interesting people, it is a home of
innovation. Some people want to live here because it's home. For whatever
reason, Palo Alto needs a lot of housing, a lot more housing. When you're
planning for that housing, I am going to ask you to keep in mind the needs
of your most vulnerable population, the developmentally disabled. They
grew up here. They're members of the community, and they add lots of
diversity and vibrancy to the community. Palo Alto has a persistent problem
with housing the developmentally disabled. I hope that you will consider
that when you are looking into your housing discussion here. Thank you
very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Amy Sung to be followed by Annette Ross.

Amy Sung: Good evening, Mayor, Vice Mayor, and the members of Council.
Thank you. My name is Amy Sung. I am here to speak before you. I am
very excited to see that Scenario 6 is calling for at least 6,000 units to be
built. Let's be honest about housing. Housing is short. There is a severe
housing shortage up and down the Peninsula. Looking at San Francisco all
the way down to San Jose, all our neighboring cities are doing something to
try to address this issue. There is growing pain, and the pain it is. We are
looking to the Council for leadership. (Inaudible) taking us to the moon, and
anything could happen. That is one. How are we going to address this
sound like a lot of units. Six thousand units in 10, 15 years really is not that
many in a per year. There's a range of housing types that can be imagined
between single-family homes and apartments. There's duplex, condos and
townhouses and multiplexes. Finally, I actually wanted to address—as a
member of the CAC, I just really applaud that Council Member Wolbach for
the proposal to separate the programs from the Comp Plan. I just heard

                                                                            Page 36 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
