                         TRANSCRIPT
Bryant on more than one occasion. The light changes, and my car is stuck
there because Castilleja is not adequately bringing traffic. I think you're
relying on Castilleja's self-reporting of traffic management. Really, we don't
want the City Council looking like the (inaudible) of a school that is
attempting to put one over on the neighborhood. We also—did that beep
just go off?

Mayor Scharff: No.

Ms. Taylor: Also, we would like to request a full EIR scoping and invite
members of City Council to come to the February 8th meeting that the
Planning and Transportation Committee is having to look at the scoping
issue for Castilleja. I think there are numerous—that groundwater issue is
huge here because of the proposed underground garage—land stability
issues as well, all kinds of things, also the trees. Some of us were at the
lovely Canopy event, an amazing event the other night. The importance of
trees to Palo Alto—there are 168 trees to be impacted, 167, one is already
gone. We would love to see you enforce the preservation of that as well. I'll
stop here. Thank you so much for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Kimberley Wong.

Kimberley Wong: Hi. My name is Kimberley Wong, and I live at 1260
Emerson Street, across the street from Castilleja girls schools. My family
has been here since 1905. I was very upset to hear about the Master Plan
and their plans to tear down two homes cross the street from us, to remove
168 trees on the Castilleja campus, some of which are redwoods and oak
trees over 100 years old. Why? To be build an underground garage. This
will change the traffic flow of our streets from and onto Embarcadero and
cause backups around the neighborhood by the spillover effect. Believe me,
cars will spill over to the neighborhood, communities, every which way. It's
not about me or my daughter who walks to school every day; it's about the
impact to all the children who have to travel through Palo Alto to their
schools. My biggest fear is about the increase in traffic and the resulting
safety dangers involved. I'm fearful for the traffic on Embarcadero corridor
currently clogging the cars coming to Paly, Stanford and Town and County.
Who will be at most risk? The students on the bikes traveling to school.
Adding more cars turning onto Bryant, our special bike boulevard created to
provide safe passage for bicyclists, will endanger the students of Addison,
Jordan and Paly. Increased bikes, cars, pedestrians, frustration with the
gridlock along Embarcadero is a dangerous combination which has gotten
worse over the years.        If Castilleja wants to be serious about traffic
mitigation, they need to consider offsite parking, shuttling students. They
cannot propose a plan to add more traffic with an onsite, underground

                                                                        Page 50 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
