                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: For me, this is kind of like how I felt about the
annual limit. I think it's important. It should remain an Ordinance. I don't
think it needs to be added as a policy or a program into the Comprehensive
Plan. It hasn't been a policy or program in the Comp Plan in the past, and I
don't think that's necessary. It's very clear to all of us up here on the dais
how important it is to the community. This Motion is simple and doesn't
change the status quo and doesn't risk a substantial change for the
community.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think we're maybe losing sight of something
tonight. That is—that's what it seems like anyway—the Comprehensive Plan
is a policy document. If our policy is to retain the 50-foot height limit, then
it belongs in the Comprehensive Plan. It can then be reaffirmed in a zoning
document. Having such things as height limits, just like having development
limits, is a policy, so it belongs in the Comprehensive Plan. I don't think
finite details about every little nick-knack belong in the Comprehensive Plan
because those are development standards that actually belong more
specifically and more finitely in a Zoning Ordinance. A height limit, given the
community dialog about this over decades, is a policy, and we need to be
clear on that policy. With that, I will making an Amendment. I would move
that we include Policy L-6.7, which would maintain the current 50-foot
height limit in the Comprehensive Plan and add to that "with potential
limited exceptions for the Fry's and Cubberley site."

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Kou to add to the Motion, “include Policy L-6.7 and add possible,
limited exceptions to the Fry’s and Cubberley sites.

Mayor Scharff: Second from Council Member Kou. Do you wish to speak to
your second?

Council Member Holman: Give Staff just a moment to get it up here. While
they're putting it up there, I'll say that we shouldn't forget that we have—
coming back to the Council at some point in time, we have a PC process.
Where there are limited places, very exceptional places, where we might
want to exceed the 50-foot height limit, it could be addressed that way. We
also have Density Bonus Laws that in some ways and in many ways actually
constrain our ability to control things such as height limit. I think we're
going to lose more and more control as time goes on. I don't have
confidence over the life of the Comprehensive Plan that we're going to be
able to maintain that without some kind of more firm standards. To add
with some possibly limited exceptions, to the City Clerk, at the Fry's and

                                                                        Page 56 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
