                          TRANSCRIPT
July and November, the stakeholder process progressed. We also collected
several more data sets. As the conversation moved forward, we realized
that there were additional data sets that needed to be collected in order to
understand what was occurring and formulate the program. In December,
we went back to the Planning and Transportation Commission, and they
recommended moving forward with the Evergreen Park program. There
were a couple of modifications that they recommended, and I'll talk about
those later. Here we are in January, presenting to you the Resolution that is
attached to your Staff Report. Our ultimate goal is to begin enforcement of
this program in April, which is when the enforcement for the Downtown RPP
will begin if it's renewed. Going back to the May 9th Council meeting, where
you gave us direction to move forward with the Evergreen Park Program,
there's two clauses from that Motion that are relevant to Evergreen Park.
The first is to implement an RPP in Evergreen Park through a stakeholder
process including parking management options and determining how many
permits to be sold for low-income workers as well as retail and personal
service workers from the adjacent California Avenue District and direct Staff
to explore options including sharing permits so that low-income workers as
well as retail and personal service employees can afford permits. That
stakeholder process began immediately after you authorized us to move
forward with the Evergreen Park RPP Program. It included a community
workshop, where we presented the outline, the framework of the Citywide
RPP Ordinance. We also talked about lessons learned from the Downtown
RPP Program. That was followed by a resident focus group in August and a
business owner and operator focus group in September.             Finally, that
stakeholder process capped off with a community workshop in July.
Immediately following that workshop where we presented a draft program
design for the Evergreen Park/Mayfield RPP, we mailed out surveys to all of
the residential property owners and occupants in the proposed RPP District.
The data collection that we typically do for the initiation of an RPP Program
includes an occupancy survey. We do these occupancy surveys during four
different times of day. We do a morning, a lunch time, an evening, and an
overnight occupancy count. For Evergreen Park, initially we thought the
program was only going to include the Evergreen Park neighborhood, so our
first round of data collection is only in the Evergreen Park area. That's
what's shown before you here. We also included Southgate in this data
collection efforts, because there's a parallel program moving forward in
Southgate. We also included a portion of Old Palo Alto, so that we would
have a baseline to see if there's any intrusion into Old Palo Alto after this
program is implemented. Some of the things we found is that the midday is
the busiest time of day in Evergreen Park. Thirteen blocks were over 85
percent occupancy at various time periods throughout the day.               Not
surprisingly, the blocks nearest to California Avenue and El Camino Real
have the highest occupancy. Overnight data. We used overnight counts to
                                                                        Page 75 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
