                    ACTION MINUTES
     h.    Remove design review and requirements;
     i.    Remove door orientation requirements for ADUs;
     j.    ADUs to have the same parking requirements as JADUs; and
     k.    Remove requirements for covered parking on properties with an
           ADU or JADU; and
     l.    Allow required replacement parking on an existing driveway
           within the front setback; and

1.   Add the following language to Section 18.42.040 to address potential
     impacts on historic properties from new detached and attached ADUs:
     “For properties listed in the Palo Alto Historic Inventory, the California
     Register of Historical Resources, the National Register of Historic
     Places, or considered a historic resource after completion of a historic
     resource evaluation, compliance with the appropriate Secretary of
     Interior’s Standards will be required, as determined by the Planning
     Director.”
2.   Add to the Ordinance Section 18.42.040 (a) 9 (xi) Tree Preservation:
     “No protected tree shall be removed for the purpose of establishing an
     accessory dwelling unit unless the tree should be removed because it
     is dead, dangerous or constitutes a nuisance under Section 8.04.050.
     Any protected tree removed pursuant to this subsection shall be
     replaced in accordance with the standards it the Tree Technical
     Manual.”
3.   Staff to return to Council next year with options and discussion of
     possible incentives to make ADUs available for moderate or low
     income residents, seniors, people with disabilities, or public
     employees; and
4.   Staff to return next year with options and discussion of mechanisms to
     bring existing ADUs into compliance, including when existing ADUs do
     not meet new standards; and
5.   Direct Staff to revise the Ordinance to allow a property owner to rent
     both the ADU and principal residence to one tenant without subletting.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-2-1 DuBois, Holman no, Kou abstain

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 12:05 A.M.




                                                                            Page 8 of 8
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Action Minutes: 3/7/17
