                          TRANSCRIPT
and how they'd deal with this. I don't think we're actually taking any action
other than tell Staff to come back with us to look at this.

Mr. Lait: What I was going to say is that I don't believe this is agendized for
the Council's discussion.    We're doing an Ordinance on retail.           The
amendment here has to do with late-night uses and activities.

Mayor Scharff: You put an Ordinance that we're supposed to approve, and
it's in the Ordinance. If it's in the Ordinance, I don't see how we cannot
have to speak about it.

Mr. Lait: What we're doing is providing a section—we're providing the use
tables because we're addressing the uses. There's a footnote to the table.
What we do is provide the language that follows that for the context. This is
not something that we've advertised or had any conversation about, dealing
with late-night …

Mayor Scharff: I don't believe we're taking any action except to direct Staff
to come back. We've done that before.

Ms. Stump: Just to clarify. I think they're asking that this come back as a
new item at some point in the future …

Mayor Scharff: That is correct.

Ms. Stump: … not to amend this Ordinance now.

Mr. Lait: We'll add that to our work program.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth and Holman, do you need to speak?

Council Member Filseth: I'll just say I think Staff knows what we want. I
don't think we have to smith it too much here.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just quickly. I'm not sure we really want to do
this. Those of you who have been around for a while, some of you have
been. Mayor Scharff, you have. There have been numerous—we have a
different kind of Downtown than, say, a big city does where you have tall
buildings and you have entertainment on the top. We've had numerous
Code enforcement complaints, again, about—I don't want to name
businesses—businesses that run late and have entertainment late. I think
we do want the protections of restricting noise after hours.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.
                                                                       Page 107 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
