                         TRANSCRIPT
know or to think we know what's going on with somebody else's head, I was
never really sure going into a meeting, not because Greg was indecisive but
because he kept his own counsel. He would listen to people, but he would
have an open mind, and he would come to what he felt was the right
decision every single time. That meant that we'd have to work to get your
vote. If I wanted you as the fifth vote on something that was narrow, I'd
have to work really hard. I'd have to make the case. I'd have to use logic.
I couldn't just say "pretty please." I appreciate that. I think that's
important because as much as politics and governance is about people, it's
really about setting good policies for the future of Palo Alto. Since I'm not
going to be able to pick your brain up here on the dais or in the back room
anymore—for those of you who don't know, Greg lives right around the
corner from me—please don't be surprised if I come knocking on your door
to pick your brain in the future.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Greg, I'm going to ask you to do what others have done,
stand up when we talk about you. It's much more fun. First of all, thank
you. Greg comes to us with a background in economics and has utilized that
very effectively during his time on the Council. It makes a big difference
when somebody brings a particular discipline to that which they are going to
do on the Council. Greg, yours is decidedly a very intense background in
economics, which I've appreciated. One more thing that I wanted to
mention because you and I are part of a very select group of people, the
group that first served this community on the School Board before you came
and ran for the Council. You and I have discussed that before. I think there
are probably only four or five people in this community that have actually
done that. You've done your service. You've done it at the School Board
level, and you've done it at the City Council level. We owe you a great debt
of gratitude and a great big thank you. Appreciate that.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: It's been my privilege to serve with Council
Member Schmid. It was my honor to have Council Member Schmid be the
Vice Mayor when I had the privilege of being Mayor. I think Council Member
Wolbach said it very well. You have a voracious appetite for information.
Oftentimes, it comes in the form of data, but just a voracious appetite for
information. Sometimes I would ask you, "How did you know that? Where
did you learn that?" "I was reading …" It'd be some obscure document
somewhere or other. Greg reads all of this and retains so much of it and
has, I have to say, an enviable filing system too. He will pull out documents
to bring to a meeting for something that we discussed three years ago. It's

                                                                        Page 15 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/03/17
