                          TRANSCRIPT
over here parking facilities for required parking related to service and repair
shall be excluded from the calculations. When I'm looking at all of this and
addition that you did in Number 3, I think you're speaking mostly to what
happened with the Mercedes auto dealership. My concern now is what about
the auto dealerships in the rest of the City, where there is less land and
perhaps close to bicycle boulevards and schools and neighborhoods. It's like
this one here kind of takes it Citywide. I have a concern about that. How
would we address that?

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Council Member, for your comments. I would say
that—a couple of comments to that. We believe that 3(i) is a reflection of
past practice. It has been our standard that we would exempt this parking
space because we believe that the definitions in the Code already exempt
parking facilities for this type of use. We have applied this to other projects.
Where it came up with the project that you referenced, it was a question
among some Council Members about whether or not Staff's interpretation or
reading of that Code provision was aligned with other perspectives. The
reason we're proposing this here is to memorialize what we believe has been
a past practice. Our Staff Report tries to draw that connection between the
definitions to get to that decision point. The other one on 3(ii) extends that
concept further because on that particular project you mentioned that was
an area of concern. I also think that probably was a creative way of looking
at that Code provision. The question to the Council is if we are trying to
incentivize auto dealerships for the reasons we noted in the Staff Report,
this might be another area to consider if we want to exempt that vehicle
queuing area where nothing much happens except for the cars being
dropped off or picked up. There was a question in that Mercedes project
about was there service or some kind of sales activity taking place there. In
our understanding of that operation, that's not typically what happens. This
is just being put forward as a way to, one, memorialize past practice and,
two, address this other issue about the vehicle queuing and drop-off which is
not as clear in the Code.

Council Member Kou: I guess my main concern here with the queuing, etc.,
is whether it's going to go on the street and impact certain roads.

Mr. Lait: That's a different question than the one I answered. This is
addressing how do we add up the different square footage of a building to
see how big it can be, how massive can it be. That's one of scale and mass,
what this is trying to address here. The question about queuing and going
onto the street is a circulation matter that we would evaluate with any
project that is going forward. This actually has nothing to do with that. We
would still independently review any project for potential impacts about


                                                                         Page 69 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
