                           TRANSCRIPT
turn restriction signage, but this petition generated much more interest in
this project. We decided to move forward in July with an evaluation of the
time of day turn restrictions and also move directly into a more
comprehensive Traffic Safety Study.            Throughout July and August, we
collected traffic data, which I'll talk a little bit about on the following slides.
We also collected speed and collision data for this corridor. Throughout
August and October, we worked jointly with the neighborhood stakeholders
to develop several alternative configurations for this corridor.              That
culminated with a public meeting in August. We have gotten to the point
where we've refined these alternatives, and we've brought two to you this
evening for you to consider directing us to implement one as a preferred
alternative. The data that we collected following the conclusion of the turn
restriction pilot, which lasted for one year, found several things. The first is
we found that the existing time of day turn restrictions are ineffective. We
actually found more people making left turns after they were made illegal
than before. We also found that the 85th percentile speed on the roadway,
which is signed at 25 miles an hour, was 34 miles per hour. That's a speed
at which 85 percent of motorists travel at or below.               We found one
interesting tidbit. We found that there were more collisions occurring at
Everett Avenue and Middlefield even though the volume was lower than
Hawthorne Avenue and Middlefield.            We went out and did some field
investigation after this. We think that's related to the fact that the sightlines
at Everett Avenue and Middlefield are severely compromised by a row of
street trees on the west side of Middlefield road, just north of Everett.
There's very little visibility when you're pulling out of Everett Avenue,
crossing Middlefield. The bulk of those collisions were related to right-of-
way violations. Right-of-way violations are when one motorist pulls in front
of another motorist who has the right-of-way and does not respect the right-
of-way. Those typically occur when vehicles are on existing side streets and
crossing a main street or making a left onto that main street. That confirms
what we think is happening at Everett Avenue. The bulk of the collisions are
likely people making a left out of Everett or crossing Middlefield on Everett.
That's confirmed by the fact that broadside collisions are the most common
type of collision at Everett Avenue. Broadside collisions are also known as
T-bone collisions; that's where one vehicle strikes the side of another
vehicle. After we collected this data, we held two stakeholder meetings with
a group—I think many of them are in the audience this evening—that lives
mostly along Middlefield Road on both the east and west side. We reviewed
the collision data, the speed and volume data, and then we talked at a
higher level about what some of the project goals should be, recognizing
that this is a corridor that a lot of folks depend on for mobility but does have
abutting residential properties and people that need to walk their dog, cross
the street, check their mail, pull in and out of driveways. It's not a
traditional arterial street that's usually abutted by commercial properties.
                                                                           Page 48 of 122
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/23/17
