                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Minor: Do you want to do the …

Mayor Scharff: Yes, let's do the vote.

[The Council completed Item Number 5 before proceeding with this item.]

Mayor Scharff: If Staff wants to proceed.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. I'm going to introduce Jean Eisberg with Lexington
Planning, a consulting group that is assisting City Staff with this project.

Jean Eisberg, Lexington Planning:          Good evening, Mayor Scharff and
members of the Council. Again, I'm Jean Eisberg with Lexington Planning.
Based on the City Council's direction, Staff has prepared a draft Ordinance
for permanent retail protections to replace the retail interim Ordinance when
it expires. Tonight, we're requesting that you review and consider an
Ordinance to protect ground-floor retail conversion Citywide, design
standards in two combining districts in the Downtown and on California
Avenue, and modify the ground-floor boundary Downtown. The Ordinance is
very narrow. It's a very narrow zoning intervention to address one issue
affecting retail. It responds to the Council's concerns about office and
nonretail uses replacing retail, installing window shades and films that were
reducing the vibrancy particularly Downtown. There are a number of other
policy interventions that could help support retail and development, but
those are not contemplated as part of this Ordinance. Just looking back at
the interim urgency Ordinance, this was prohibiting conversion of ground-
floor or basement retail or retail-like uses Citywide to any nonretail use. It
was adopted during a period of time when the City, particularly Downtown,
was undergoing these conversions and seeing vacant retail spaces replaced
with office uses. This Ordinance will expire at the end of April. The interim
Ordinance defines retail and retail-like uses as shown here. You'll see in the
proposed Ordinance this same list of uses appears. The Council twice
discussed priorities for permanent retail protections in Downtown, (South of
Forest Avenue) SOFA II and Citywide. These are the key outcomes shown
here that drove the draft Ordinance before you. Looking at the input along
the way.      The Architectural Review Board discussed potential design
standards at a Study Session, generally supported standards that supported
transparency in addition to the existing design standards and guidelines that
are already in place. The Council directed Staff to conduct informal outreach
to solicit feedback on the Ordinance. The project has a website, a mailing
list, and we interviewed stakeholder groups, individuals, developers,
property owners, architects, residents, store managers, and retail business
owners. While some stakeholders supported the idea of extending the GF

                                                                       Page 42 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
