                          TRANSCRIPT
what you have in your Development Services Department, your Building
Department, is infectious. I've never seen it before, never. I took the
information back and the nomination and everything that was available to
me, presented it back to the board, and the board unanimously picked the
City of Palo Alto. There are no employees here. There's nobody here
involved in projects. None of us are currently gaining or have previously,
other than one that was here years ago, collecting employment from you. I
would like to present the City of Palo Alto the Industry of the Year Award.
By the way, you're the first city in 60 years that has gotten this. One
municipality has gotten it before. This is quite remarkable. I'd like to say
thank you because you have built a team that is second to none. I'm not
sure that everyone here knows it.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you so much. We really appreciate it. Obviously,
thank you to all of you in the Building Department. We're really proud of
you.

Mr. Weidner: While investigating this and everything else, the Building
Department most of the time is a thankless job because you have to enforce
things. While doing so, it doesn't make everyone happy because sometimes
a homeowner, a jurisdiction, a builder, a contractor has got to spend a few
dollars to do things right. That's paramount because your safety should be
their biggest concern, and it is. I'd like to present the leader of that
department, who has allowed us the ability to communicate, to talk his
forward thinking. I'd like to present George Hoyt. This is what it says for
George:. for your teamwork, advanced planning, proactive approach to
improve the building and inspection industry not only for your City but for
statewide.    I'll tell you real quick how he does that.        His other two
employees, working for him, I'd like to come up here. I'll keep talking while
they come so I can get out of here because you're going to follow this up
with kids, and I'm going to look like … Robert Dunbar and Bud Starmer.
What your department does, what your City does to improve the inspection
and construction industry, you've produced books.            You've produced
inspection manuals. You've produced guidelines. You share those freely.
Normally in the inspection industry, when you produce something like that,
you kind of tuck it away. I've seen it. I don't do it. You tuck it away in your
shirt, and you hold it back because you think you have the information that
no one else has, that it makes you better. Your City doesn't feel that way.
They try and make the industry better. These two gentlemen need to be
recognized for it, Robert Dunbar and Bud Starmer. Thank you, gentlemen.

5.    Appointment of Three Candidates to the Historic Resources Board
      (HRB) and Four Candidates to the Parks & Recreation Commission
      (PRC) for Terms Ending December 15, 2019; and Appointment of one
                                                                         Page 8 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
