                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: We'll have two minutes each. I'll call the public speakers
first. Alan Luntz to be followed by Danielle—Bonnie Henkels-Luntz.

Alan Luntz: Thank you very much. I want to say that I am a stakeholder
but don't live on Middlefield Avenue. We live on the corner of Guinda and
Palo Alto Avenue. I sympathize with our neighbors on Middlefield, but we're
all facing increased traffic and speed problems and so forth like that. Where
we live there's also a blind intersection, a stop sign which people avoid or
don't stop at and so forth. We have near misses and crashes and so forth.
One of the things, as far as I can understand 7A and 7B, they will put turn
lanes onto Everett Avenue and, I guess, Forest or Hawthorne. What that will
do, we believe, is to divert a lot of traffic down Everett and, in our case, to
Palo Alto Avenue and Guinda Street. Let me just say that I sympathize with
them, but nevertheless we're going to have increased traffic from this. I
would like to say one thing. I assume the Council has not memorized the
Comprehensive Plan. Let me just read a few sentences from it. Policy T-30,
reduce the impacts of through traffic on residential areas by designated
certain streets as residential arterials. It says the City has designated some
streets as residential arterials to recognize that they carry larger volumes of
through traffic, but also have residential uses both sides of the street. The
City's objective is to address the desires of residents of these streets, who
would like to have slower speeds, safer conditions for bicycles and
pedestrians and aesthetic improvements. This is the point I want to read.
This must be done economically and without appreciably reducing traffic
capacity or diverting traffic onto local neighborhood streets. I don't see how
having left turn-lanes is going to achieve that latter part. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Bonnie to be followed by Katherine Abu-Romia.

Danielle Henkels-Luntz: Thank you, Mayor and Council Members. I think
Palo Alto is well known for its efforts to include stakeholders. In this
planning, a lot of stakeholders were left out. I think it's shortsighted to
move to the final stages of this planning and to make a decision on these
alternatives when at least as many households, possibly more, along
Guinda, Everett and Palo Alto Avenue down to let's say Chaucer, have been
left out of this planning process. We do not know of these community
meetings that were held apparently in October and November. We received
no notice that there were alternatives that were seriously being considered.
I think really it's very important to include input and give a chance for the
rest of the neighbors to consult with this planning before final steps or even
year trials are initiated. It just requires us to start complaining to the
Council and get a movement going to the Council about how it's affecting
our neighborhoods after this is done. I'd really like to ask you to consider


                                                                        Page 52 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
