                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman, I started this. You're welcome if
you want to—but what I said is we're going to have a full discussion of all of
those on May 1st , every one of those on "E." That's an easier time to do it.

Council Member Holman: That's a clarification. We're going to have full
discussion of each one of these items? How are we going to do …

Mayor Scharff: You could talk about any of those items on May 1st, and we
can make Motions and all of that. We're going to have a Council meeting,
which we'll talk about stuff. We may have two, depending on how much
time we have.

Council Member Holman: That's good. Just to give everybody a head's up,
the one I want to talk about is the hotel increased FAR, again what the
impacts of that are from a variety of different angles. The other Amendment
I would like to offer is that the jobs go—this is "C"—at a range between
8,868 from Scenarios 5 and 6 to Scenario 2, the 9,850. I'd like to offer that
as an Amendment.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no …

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to replace Part C of the Motion with, “estimated
employment growth would be between Scenarios 5 and 6 (8,868 jobs) and
Scenario 2 (9,850 jobs).”

Mayor Scharff: Seconded by Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Holman: Surprising. Cory, I'm sorry. I thought no one had
seconded it; that's why I said surprising. Thank you for that.

Mayor Scharff: Would you like to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Holman: Yeah. Council Member Fine said it too. If we
increase the jobs, we're increasing the demand for housing. We're dipping
our toe in one place and sticking our thumb in the dike the other place. I
don't think it makes too much sense to be increasing jobs to a great extent
when we're still trying to address the jobs/housing imbalance. That's why I
offered it as an Amendment. Those are reasonable ranges. It's still a lot,
2.4 million to 3 million square of office development, nonresidential
development. That's a lot. If you take into consideration and in concert
with the Stanford GUP development that's being proposed and the Stanford
GUP development that hasn't yet been built from the 2000 GUP, it is a huge

                                                                           Page 77 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
