                         TRANSCRIPT
Just RT-35, CS and CN. What "B" is getting at is for those CS and CN
properties. One of the incentives that's being proposed is if you are one of
the five properties located in the CN or CS zone, we would apply the RT-35
development standards to those properties. Because in the CS and in the
CN zone, you have to have a mixed-use project in order to get housing, the
second part of "B" says you don't need to meet that commercial
requirement. You can do 100-percent residential on a CN or CS zone lot if
it's one of these five lots that are in the housing inventory survey.

Council Member Holman: Basically, as a part of this we're rezoning.

Mr. Lait: I would say we're not …

Council Member Holman: The development standards are changing, so why
aren't we rezoning? It seems like to me that's a rezoning.

Mr. Lait: What we're saying is it's one of the incentives that we're offering.
There are other requirements that, I think, need to be met. What we're
proposing is the RT-35 just be applied to those lots. Yes, it's applying those
development standards to those five parcels.

Council Member Holman: It's a rezoning.

Mr. Lait: We're applying those development standards to those parcels.
We're not changing the district map to read RT-35, but we are using that
discrete land use development standard for those five properties in the
Housing Element.

Council Member Holman: I've never heard of that being done without it
being a zone change. It seems …

Mr. Lait: This is the zone change. This is where we're making the change.

Council Member Holman: "C," do you want to address that one? I think he
just did that. I guess what I'm looking at here—I have questions also on "I,"
"K," and "L." I guess what I'm looking at here. None of this was anticipated
in the SOFA II cap. We keep talking about wanting to do coordinated area
plans. What we're doing here is basically ignoring the coordinated area plan.
We're changing parking requirements.          We're changing development
standards, which a parking requirement is a development standard. We're
incentivizing lot combining, and we're incentivizing the lot combining on a
number of parcels that are on Emerson in a retail corridor. We don't have
any mechanism to preserve existing retail. I can tell you that if these
incentives go forward, while they're good to incentivize housing production,
we're going to lose dry cleaners, automobile services, Pilates studios.
                                                                       Page 78 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
