                           TRANSCRIPT
sales tax. That's not the same as what happens just with VTA and how
much they're spending.

Council Member Tanaka: Do you know what percentage of your budget
you're spending in Palo Alto?

Mr. Tyree: I don't know off the top of my head. We could find out and get
back to you on that as well.

Council Member Tanaka: Is it less than seven percent?

Mr. Tyree: I don't know.

Council Member Tanaka: If it is, you guys should spend more here. I guess
more—it's one thing for us to complain about it, which we've all done. It's
another thing for us to do something about it. I don't know if the City
Manager can answer. It seems like this has happened a lot. The Vice Mayor
has said it before. I've seen it happen quite a bit. How do we change this?
We could sit here and complain about it more, and that's not going to help.
How do we change this? How do we get our fair share, so to speak?

Mr. Keene: I don't have the answer to that, Council Member. I think it's a
more complicated conversation than that as far as how we get the
assessment of what we're paying and what we're receiving. Certainly, as
we've talked about it as it relates to the Measure B transportation dollars of
late, of course we've clearly talked about the ability to fund the backfilling of
some of our own services if VTA has to make cuts or make readjustments
due to their system-wide goals. I think that's an ongoing conversation we're
going to have to have.

Council Member Tanaka: For us, we have to understand, not just give you
feedback that you listen to sometimes and don't listen to. We need to know
how to actually affect this, how to actually affect the process. You look at
the map and the routes in Palo Alto get chopped away and get chopped
away and get chopped away. We are a relatively small amount of population
even though we fund a lot of it. How do we stop that from happening
because it keeps on happening? We have a lot of people out here who are
deeply impact by it. It can't keep going like this. It has to stop. I would
like to know. I think the other thing is on Council we only have so much
time to spend on issues like this. One of the recommendations would be to
utilize our Planning and Transportation Commission to dive into this deep
and try to see if there's a more optimal way of doing it. At the highest level,
we have to understand politically how to affect this more impactfully other
than coming before us, you guys listening kind of, and then doing whatever
you feel like it. I don't know the answer, but I think that's important for us
                                                                         Page 25 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
