                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: The idea is that Code Enforcement, when they go
to enforce it, would see if it's retail or not.

Mr. Lait: I think I understand the question. The design standards that
we've incorporated into the Ordinance—I forget who asked the question. It
applies in two areas, the GF which is in Downtown but also some places on
Middlefield and in the R district. In each of those districts, the R district and
the GF, retail and personal services and now these potentially conditionally
permitted uses on the ground floor on University are the only types of uses
that you would have that. You don't have the office use—you may have the
office use as an existing nonconforming issue, which I guess is the point
you're getting at. I spoke earlier about Forest as an area of concern. That
actually is not covered in this Ordinance. I think we noted in the Staff
Report our interest in needing to come back to the City Council to address
the concern that was previously expressed by the Council about addressing
those uses. That's my answer to a question that may have been asked.

Council Member Filseth: If I understand that answer, it's that—let me see if
I understand this right. The issue with the tinted glass is you want to be
able to look inside and see that somebody's not manufacturing bar stools
there or something like that. On the other hand, if I understand what you
just said, requiring clear glass doesn't protect us from that anyway.

Mr. Lait: I think our interest isn't so much seeing the bar stools. It's
creating a visual connection on the street into the building, sort of like this
almost passive view into the establishment. It's less about the offending
use.

Council Member Wolbach: It's still your Motion, right?

Council Member Fine: Yeah. As you suggested, it's more narrowly targeted
at the nonconforming offices in these areas.

Council Member Wolbach: For the Clerk, it's not my Motion. It's still Fine
and Tanaka's Motion.

Council Member Filseth: Does Staff concur that this basically targets non …

Mayor Scharff: Our City Attorney has something to say, I can tell.

Ms. Stump: Maybe you can clarify where we are.

Mayor Scharff: I can clarify where we are. The Motion is now that these
guidelines will only apply to in effect nonconforming uses.


                                                                         Page 99 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
