                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I'll start talking about the options, and we can dig deeper
when we get to them. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: That concludes the Staff Report?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Mayor Scharff: First of all, I'd like to thank the CAC for all their hard work
on this. I know it's been a lot of effort. It's been a yeoman's effort, as they
say. I know you've met over and over again. I know you guys have put
your heart and soul into it. I actually found it very useful, the way it was all
laid out. I think it was a really good job. I also want to thank Staff for their
hard work on this as well. Now, we return to Council. What we're going to
do first is talk about several items. We're going to talk about all the caps, so
that would be "A," the cumulative cap. It would be "B," the annual limit,
and it would be "E," the Downtown cap. We'll take that first, and then we'll
probably do building heights after that.

Council Member Filseth: Questions first?

Mayor Scharff: No, no questions. You can ask questions if you put your
light on, and that kind of stuff. You can make comments, questions,
motions, all that. We have a lot to get through tonight. I'm sort of hoping
we can be efficient. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me also say thank you to Staff and thank you
to the CAC, and thank you also to the members of the public who, whether
as part of the CAC or just on your own, decided to come and offer your
input. Of course, we've had a lot of public input over the last couple of
years on this. I think it's deeply appreciated by all of us. Looking to the
Mayor just for clarification before I move forward with my questions and
possible motions on the process here. If I have any motions I wanted to
suggest relating to caps, now would be a time that I could do that?

Mayor Scharff: Yes, now would be the time to do it.

Council Member Wolbach:        Can I ask a couple of questions prior to
(crosstalk)?

Mayor Scharff: Yeah. You don't have to make a Motion. I'm just saying
you can make motions or questions or comments, all of that.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me start with a couple of questions. If it
would be okay with the Mayor, I'd like to ask a question of the Stanford
team if there are any members of the Stanford team that are still here.

                                                                         Page 29 of 108
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/30/17
