                          TRANSCRIPT
enables. I ask for the socially just action of removing our money from the
institutions that financially support this project. As we are all aware, we
cannot look to Washington for help. We must act in whatever ways are open
to us. Money is the one thing these institutions really care about. Let's take
it away from them. I ask the City Council of Palo Alto to divest from all
institutions that support DAPL or in fact any activity that furthers the
destruction of our planet. This is the very least we can do to support those
who fight courageously for this cause in our name, most of whom are native
peoples. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Kirsten Flynn to be followed by Keith Bennett.

Kirsten Flynn: Hi there. Thank you for listening to us. I really do
appreciate it. Got to get my phone to go on. I'm here as a Palo Alto citizen,
and I live in 471 Matadero in Ventura. I ask that the Council, as my
previous speakers have, consider divesting from all banks that offer any kind
of financial support for Dakota access pipeline or the newly resurrected
Keystone pipeline, which I thought we were finished thinking or talking
about. I was raised in Palo Alto. I went to the same elementary and high
schools as my kids. I raised three children in Palo Alto, and I actually have
15 family members in Palo Alto. I think of Palo Alto as a good place to raise
a family, and I think of it as a City that cares about families. I also think I'm
a reasonable person. I usually leave you guys more or less alone to do your
jobs, because I think you do a pretty good job. There are times that I make
decisions based entirely on values. Any monies that are spent on fossil fuels
are monies that are spent directly against the future of my children, because
it is them that will have to reap the effects of global climate change. For
those reasons—I should have turned it not to turn off—every dollar is a vote
how you want the world to be. It's one of the only votes that, I think,
sometimes counts. Please spend our City's dollars wisely. Thank you so
much. Please consider this action.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Keith Bennett to be followed by Mark Petersen-
Perez.

Keith Bennett:    On March 7th, Council will discuss regulations for
construction dewatering.   Save Palo Alto's Groundwater has sent two
presentations to Council, a presentation to the December 14 PSC and
information requested on local versus broad-area dewatering prepared by
Dan Garber. Dan and I are available to answer questions and provide
additional information as requested.      Palo Alto residents have been
concerned about the impacts of construction dewatering since before 2004.
We now have hard factual data, not just hypothetical reports, supporting our
previous concerns. The amount of groundwater extracted and dumped in

                                                                         Page 46 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
