                          TRANSCRIPT
Bill Ross: Good evening. My comments focus on the proposed draft
supplement to the DEIR, which on Page 4 incorporates the reference to that
document. A review of that document would indicate that it does not
contain a current, accurate project description reflecting your actions of
January 30th. For example, in looking at the Action Minutes, Attachment F
to the Staff Report, at Page 11, there's no indication of the action required
by a Board majority of Wolbach, Kniss, Scharff, Fine, and Tanaka, directing
Staff to remove from the final draft of the Comprehensive Plan all programs
from the Land Use Element not required by State law and to take them up at
a later time. There are four other substantive Council actions that affect the
project description, that is the substantive content of the Comprehensive
Plan. I would also ask—I think there's another person that has yielded their
time to me. If you examine the substantive sections of this supplement,
those project changes aren't set forth. This is true with respect to the
executive summary, the introduction, the project description particularly. If
the project description is not accurate, then the alternative sections, .6, .1,
is also inaccurate because you have no way to determine what's a
reasonable alternative. The same is obviously true with respect to the traffic
section. I would respectfully suggest that the appropriate action is to get a
proper project description in the supplement to the Draft EIR for the project
before you proceed. Right now, those substantive changes aren't reflected
there. How can any member of the public much less members of your
Council comment on that supplement to the DEIR?. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Don McDougall to be followed by Ken Joye.

Don McDougall: Mr. Mayor, Council Members, good evening. All I want to
do tonight is comment, in the time I have, on the programs and the
allocation of the programs. As I've said and as I've written, the draft of the
Comprehensive Plan that we have today represents a great deal of time,
effort, and thought and compromise and an awful lot of broad citizen input.
I think it is a good and complete work as it is. It is a strong guideline. A
guideline, not rules, for action. It's not something that has to be followed.
I'd like to urge Council to, number one, keep the number of programs that
are already there, maybe even some of the deleted ones.             Keep the
programs with the policies. That's the way we developed them in the first
place. Repeat the programs in an implementation section and element if
that's necessary and useful. Lastly, I would say properly finish the Plan not
by trying a prioritization but, in fact, defining which programs would be
reviewed and initiated or deleted in 1, 5 or 15-year periods. In terms of the
number of programs we have, I'll share my analysis with you. It's not as
dire; it's not as large as you think it is. The places where we have added
more programs should be informational to the Staff, the Council, and even
the citizens. We've added programs in Community Services because this is
                                                                            Page 32 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
