                          TRANSCRIPT
schedule, which then may break something at the other end of the route. I
think the better answer is more frequency. Coming every 12 minutes, it's
not that big of a deal if you miss one connection. The next bus is not far
behind. That's the idea. I'd prefer to put the money into frequency rather
than trying to coordinate all the schedules.

Council Member Holman: I think other colleagues have made very good
comments as well as the public.          One other comment.          While it's
understandable that any entity wants to operate as a business and not
operate at a loss, something like VTA just as a city also provides services.
Not all services can be operated at a profit or even break even. I would ask
that VTA take a look at what services are really necessary to provide good
service and balance that with the profitability of VTA. I think that's it for me
right now. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I just want to say thank you very much, again, for the
presentation. Also, I want to extend a thank you to Penny Ellson for all the
work that she's doing with the schools and making sure the kids have their
rides. Also to Arthur Keller as well for all that he's done. All my Council
colleagues actually have expressed everything that I wanted to say, so I'm
not going to say all of it. However, I do want to say that we in Palo Alto are
also taxpayers. I don't actually think that cutting back services or working
to fill the gaps is something that we should be doing. You should be putting
every effort in terms of ensuring that we retain as much services, especially
for our vulnerable population. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you very much for
coming tonight and presenting all this information to us. I think it's pretty
clear.   You've heard from Council and from the public that folks are
concerned about our school and transit-dependent communities, particularly
in south Palo Alto. A few things I want to echo. As Council Member Wolbach
brought up, if you are focusing more on frequent service routes, it may be
helpful for the 522 to make a few more stops in Palo Alto. One of our public
comment emails mentions a few locations, which would be helpful to the
system. In terms of the Core Connectivity program, I think you've got a lot
of support here. There may be an opportunity to test or bridge the gap as
VTA makes changes here in Palo Alto, particularly along the 35, 32 or 88. I
think we would probably be interested in being a pilot case for that. If you
are going to draw down service in those areas, is there a way for the Core
Connectivity program to make transfers to our shuttle program where we

                                                                         Page 22 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/23/17
