                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Kleiman: Yeah, one sentence. I'm just asking you obviously to pull this
off the calendar and give me an opportunity to have an appropriate hearing.
That's all I'd like. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Jeff Levinsky.

Jeff Levinsky, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 7: Good evening,
Mayor Scharff and Council Members. I'm here also to talk about 203 Forest.
I agree with the first speaker and with the ARB recommendation and the
Staff recommendation that you not pull this Item off Consent. I'd also like
to point out a problem with this project that the Staff Report doesn't discuss
really. That is that this project is under-parked. It's under-parked by six
spaces. The reason is that it was converted to office use. It was formerly
the Cardinal Cleaners; it was converted to office use. At the time, the extra
square footage upstairs was not part—it was not put into the Assessment
District for that upper space. As of today, this moment, that building is a
Code violation. It violates Code 18.52.070 of the Municipal Code. As a
result, the City has been losing money by not charging the owner for
violating that Code. In addition, the City could earn about $370,000 by
requiring the building to pay into the In-lieu Fund. Who will benefit from
that? Frankly, all of us taxpayers and business owners and commuters and
everybody who uses Downtown are being asked to pay for garages and such
instead of having the owners of buildings that are under-parked and
currently operating as under-parked fulfill that need. It is particularly
disappointing on this project that Staff did not stand up for proper parking of
this project.    This project is in the Assessment District just like 261
Hamilton, across the street. Staff there ended up not finding any reason to
exempt it from having to be fully parked. The same logic applies to 203
Forest.     Why treat it with an exemption that doesn't apply to other
buildings? I ask you once again to make sure that Staff enforces these laws.
It will help with the parking situation. It will help with City finances. Thank
you very much.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. On the Stanford GUP, we have one speaker, Sea
Reddy.

Sea Reddy, speaking on the Stanford GUP: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, for the
flexibility to allow me to speak. Stanford came last week and made a
presentation, or week before. Wonderful presentation, good and thorough
planning. I do have a couple of things that I'd like them to consider.
They're going to put about 900 more people on the east side of the campus.
It directly affects me. I'm speaking on my own behalf. I live on Stanford
Avenue. In front of Stanford Avenue, the campus is on the west side. There
is already a lot of traffic. Children are crossing to go to Escondido school.

                                                                         Page 22 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
