                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Hayes: North of Stanford Avenue?

Council Member Holman: Yes, yes. It's set back further off the street. If
you have a wall right near El Camino and you're pushing the housing
forward to get away from the housing in the back, putting a wall there
seems really unfriendly and un-pedestrian friendly.

Mr. Hayes: A seat wall?

Council Member Holman: It still seems kind of off-putting. Maybe some
landscape. I don't want to give that kind of detail, but that's something I
was like "Mm." I think that's it. At this point in time and knowing what I
know, I think I could not commit to anything beyond an RM-15.

Mr. Hayes: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka.

Council Member Tanaka: Thanks for bringing this project forward. I found it
interesting. I could consider something more than RM-15, perhaps even
RM-30. I do think it makes sense to have higher density here in terms of
units. You might have known, but I think micro units make a lot more
sense. Smaller units make more impact on a housing crisis. With that said,
when we are looking at an up-zoning, which is what you're asking for,
getting neighborhood buy-in is super important. If this were to come around
with RM-30 and the project something like it is and you wanted at least my
vote on it, I would say that you really need to get the neighborhood to buy
into it, the neighbors around there really to buy into it. If they didn't buy
into it, I probably would not vote for the project. To get neighborhood buy-
in, I think there's a couple of ideas I have for you. These are kind of
dramatic from what you have right now. I noticed that the project doesn't
have full basement parking. It only has it under a portion of the condo
units. If there is a parking situation there—I don't know if there is or not—
you could extend it all the way under the whole condo structure and, thus,
make maybe some public spaces available, giving a public benefit as a way
to get buy-in from the neighborhood. That's one idea. The other idea I had
is there's a Walgreens there. You look across the street, and there's a bunch
of retail facing El Camino. El Camino is one of the busiest streets in Palo
Alto. In general, putting housing right against traffic is never a good idea.
Housing doesn't love traffic, but retail does, hotels do. A lot of other types
of land uses love traffic, but not housing. I'm not a huge fan of actually
putting a bunch of housing right against traffic. I just think it's not terribly
compatible. Another idea I have for you is perhaps front-facing. This is not
a big lot unfortunately. Another idea is to actually have that retail or some
sort of neighborhood-serving retail. The reason why would be trying to get
                                                                         Page 29 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
