                         TRANSCRIPT
construction near Highway 101 that resulted in severe subsidence of several
nearby businesses and the ongoing losses against the developer. All of you
received a link to that article in the newspaper. Not only is more than 50
million gallons of groundwater a very large amount of water to waste, as our
research has shown, the proposed construction at 900 North California has
the potential to impact about 46 or even more residential properties. The
neighbors are not against developing the properties at 900 North California,
but they would like some confidence that their properties are not negatively
impacted. Neither the current nor proposed 2017 regulations, which will be
presented on February 27th, not 23rd, to the City Council address the
impacts of the magnitude of this residential dewatering on nearby properties
and on our aquifer. In view of the risks involved, I respectfully request that
the City Council withdraw this Item from the Consent Calendar. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Peter Underhill to be followed by Mark Petersen-
Perez.

Peter Underhill, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: I reside at
920 North California, and my lot directly abuts the project.            I was
encouraged to read on the bottom of Page 7 of Staff Report 7655 "evolving
policies will ensure that dewatering impacts will be minimized." However, in
this one regard I believe the process is still too vague. Since the 2017
groundwater pumping season is fast approaching, the prospect of benefiting
from still evolving policy seems minimal at best. I suggest a more prudent
stance would be to explicitly require a method that without question reduces
the amount of groundwater removal necessary. Given the current absence
of a detailed policy, I request in the interim that the Council require the
developer to implement the alternative cutoff wall solution proposed by Dan
Garber last December. By requiring cutoff wall methods, the Council can
significantly lower the volume of groundwater needed to be removed, lower
the risk of potential harm to existing structures from settlement as well as
lower the growing tension amongst the citizenry over the bewildering
process of broad-area dewatering. It is time for the applicant, the neighbors
and the Council to join in reviewing the 900 California project as a test case
opportunity to save groundwater, reduce risk while gathering enhanced
geotechnical information to help frame 2018 policy. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Mark Petersen-Perez. Mark, I noticed you're
speaking on three items. Do you think it's possible you could do it in four
minutes or do you need a little bit more time or less maybe?

Mark Petersen-Perez, speaking regarding Agenda Item Numbers 5, 9, 10:
We'll give it a shot. How about that?


                                                                       Page 42 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
