                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: Council Member Tanaka, do you want to speak to your
second? No. Does anyone else need to speak to this or can we just vote on
it? Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I have a question on this for Staff. The 1.7 million
square feet currently is all nonresidential uses, and that includes the
Research Park. Right?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. That is currently included in the …

Council Member Filseth: If we split out all other uses and focus the cap only
on R&D—we split out retail and hotels and doctors' offices and chiropractors
and CPAs and everything else—haven't we just effectively raised the cap on
office space? It would be a reasonable assumption that before that maybe
office/R&D would have been two-thirds or three-quarters of the 1.7 million,
but now it's all of it. Haven't we just raised the cap if we do that?

Ms. Gitelman: Not necessarily. Under the way we do it currently, if you
have a big warehouse building or a big retail store and you convert it to
office, it doesn't count towards the cumulative cap.       Under this new
suggestion, where we're only counting office/R&D, it would count. Let's say
you have a huge warehouse, 100,000 square feet, and you convert it to R&D
space. Under our current cumulative cap, it wouldn't count because we're
monitoring both and we're counting both warehouse space and R&D. With
this proposal, it would count; 100,000 would count against the cumulative
count on office/R&D. See what I mean?

Council Member Filseth:        The warehouse would already have been
nonresidential space, right?

Ms. Gitelman: It's the conversion. If you converted …

Mr. Keene:  What this is really saying, for the most part, if there is
redevelopment now, that doesn't count against the cap.       If there is
redevelopment, that would count against the cap. You have some …

Council Member Filseth: I see. What Council Member Fine is proposing is
that we take the Research Park, which has 1 million square feet left to go or
800,000 or something like that, out of the 1.7. What you've said is that, on
the other hand, redevelopments would be considered part of the 1.7, which
they aren't already. I think I'm going to vote no on the Amendment. First
of all, I don't think we're going to hit the 1.7 million anyway, no matter
what. There's 800,000 square feet left in the Research Park. That basically
raises the cap to 2.5 instead of 1.8. That's a big increase.

                                                                      Page 43 of 108
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/30/17
