                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Borock: Thank you. I was going to suggest that. I'm glad they follow
my suggestion. As far as Stanford, I don't know what control we have over
that. If someone told me something was at HanaHaus, I would go to the
Stanford campus where there is a historic house called Hanna House. Forty-
six years ago, I lived on Parkinson Avenue. From time to time, the marching
band from Harker School used to march down my street. The school wanted
to expand. They didn't lie to their neighbors. They didn't try to build
something that didn't belong in an R-1 neighborhood.          They sold the
property, and they moved someplace else where they could expand. Over
time, we've had at least a couple of Mayors who have had daughters who
have gone to Castilleja School. The reason they were able to become
Mayors of Palo Alto is, when they wanted their daughters to go to that
school, they moved to Palo Alto. They didn't move to Woodside or Portola
Valley to be able to come to that school. We've had a prominent attorney
who is responsible for the City vacating a street—I believe that's where the
playing fields are now at the school, and maybe that formally vacated street
will be an excellent way to have the driveway into a garage rather than
using a lane of Embarcadero. As far as applause, I'm sure the Council
Members appreciate their applause and never complain when they're the
ones being applauded. The only one who seems to be concerned when there
is applause for somebody else are members of the Council. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I misspoke. I will let Ms. Gitelman explain
what's going on with the Planning and Transportation Commission.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Scharff. Members of the Council, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. The Planning Commission is scheduled to meet this Wednesday,
on the 8th. They will convene at 6:00 as usual. At 7:00, when the Castilleja
scoping meeting was scheduled, we're going to propose that for continuance
to the Commission's hearing date of March 8th. It will resolve this conflict
with the Mayor's State of the City. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I think I left out the—it says Brock Turner, to be
followed by Becky Sanders.

Brock Turner (Mark Petersen-Perez): I've been let out of prison as a result
of good behavior. The Brock Turner case was horrible. It sent shockwaves
around the world, didn't it? Horrible, horrible, horrible. Disgusting case.
What is equally disgusting is the Palo Alto Police Department has labeled me
for the past 10 years as a rapist. Pretty hard to have to deal with being
locked up emotionally in prison, isn't it? But I have. It's terrible. What is
even equally terrible is that we have a criminal justice system that allows us
to confront our accusers. Now, for the past 10 years—Molly, listen up.

                                                                        Page 14 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/6/17
