                         TRANSCRIPT
subsidence happens, will the burden of proof rest with the owners of
damaged buildings? Does that mean my two minutes is up?

Mayor Scharff: It does. Thank you.

Ms. Cashmore: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Keith Bennett to be followed by Jim Wong.

Keith Bennett, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: I'm just going
to give you some data based on other dewatering. I'm going to leave it to
the Council to decide whether or not this 900 North California project has
significant risks. This is actual data for a dewatering project in 2016. The
groundwater level was 10 feet below ground surface. The top line is the
pull-down of the water table at the next-door house, 45 feet away. The
lower line is for the water table pull-down two doors away, 115 feet. You
can see that the water table at those locations were pulled down four or five
feet respectively. This particular place, they stopped pumping; it came up.
They started pumping again. The total amount of water pumped at this
property was 31 million gallons. This is another example. In this case, this
graph is 220 feet away from the property. Again, the water table started at
10 feet below ground surface, and it was pulled down about 2 1/2 feet. The
City has the requirement in 2016 for an enhanced Geotechnical Report.
They did an enhanced Report for the second site. The water pumping rate
predicted from that Report—I've copied the Report done by Mr. Dan Hinkle
in Bonner, Montana. The water pumping prediction rate was less than 20
gallons per minute of flow. The actual measurement over the entire project
was 102 gallons per minute. They also did a drawing of the water table pull-
down. It's hard to see at this Resolution. The prediction was that the water
table would be lowered less than 1 foot at a distance of 50 feet from the
dewatering boundary. The actual measurement was 2-2 1/2 feet at a
distance of 220 feet. I think this Geotechnical Report is not even close. This
900 North California site, the starting water table will be between 4-6 feet.
I'll stop it.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Jim Wong to be followed by Rita Vrhel.

Male: (Inaudible) my time?

Mayor Scharff: No. Jim Wong, do you want to speak?

Male: (Inaudible) my time.

Mayor Scharff: Rita Vrhel.


                                                                       Page 40 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
