                          TRANSCRIPT
that that we knew, I'm sure they would have come and told me that. Thank
you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.    Terry Holzemer to be followed by Lucinda
Lenicheck.

Terry Holzemer: Good evening, Council Members. Thank you tonight for
the opportunity, very much, to voice my full support and thanks for the
planning of this RPP for Evergreen Park and Mayfield. I especially want to
thank the City Staff that's in front of me for making sure and recommending
to the City that my neighborhood, especially Mayfield, be included. City
Staff and the residents of Mayfield have seen firsthand the impacts of
increased office development, growth in commercial parking and traffic
congestion along Park Boulevard, Sherman, Grant and Sheridan.               In
recognition of all of these impacts, over 60 percent of our residents returned
the City-sponsored survey saying yes, they wanted to be part of this
program. In addition, I personally have sent out a survey to my Mayfield
residents and certain condominium associations at Silverwood, Grant Avenue
and at 410 Sheridan Avenue. All of their boards have said, "Yes, we would
like to increase that percentage." They've also told me that they wanted to
be part of this program. It's clear that the residents want to try this
program for this one-year period. I encourage you greatly to consider this
pilot one-year program, because it will be such great benefit to the residents
in our area. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff:    Thank you.    Lucinda Lenicheck to be followed by Aileen
Yang.

Lucinda Lenicheck: I'm a member of the Evergreen Park problem. I want to
first say many, many thanks for addressing this issue, many, many thanks
to Josh and all the people working very hard to plan solutions. I was
honored by the Weekly to be quoted having addressed in this chamber once
with a quote of one of the ten best quotes of the year of "It's criminal to pit
neighbor against neighbor." It's criminal for the dentists to be upset with us
and for us to be upset with the dentists. I hand it to Josh and all of you. Let
us find a solution where everyone can—as they say, can we just get along?
If we find a solution, I would think we would want to have a transportation
management program. We want enough parking garages and enough
available parking. I don't know if the County takes care of El Camino Real.
My question is, isn't there enough commercial parking available along El
Camino if you don't have Stanford overlapping? Isn't there available parking
for all these folks near Park Boulevard and El Camino that would help solve
their problems in addition? Thank you for helping solve our problems and
for distributing the parking that is closest. We're on Oxford Avenue. We get

                                                                        Page 89 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/23/17
