                           TRANSCRIPT
the Comp Plan because that's pretty much a done deal. I don't see that to
be a problem in getting that done this year. That was really my comments
that I had. I'm going to bring it back to Council for motions. I'm going to
make the motion of what I think should be the Priorities after listening to
you all. Hopefully, I'll get a second. I would say, first of all, it should be
transportation, housing, infrastructure, budget and financing, and Healthy
Cities.

Vice Mayor Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to adopt the
following 2017 Council Priorities:

A.   Transportation; and

B.   Housing; and

C.   Infrastructure; and

D.   Healthy City, Healthy Community; and

E.   Budget and Finance.

Mayor Scharff: I'll just speak to my second. Yes, five. Why five? We often
talk about three. That's because we don't want to overburden and have too
much. When I look up there, we have all this stuff under transportation, all
this stuff under housing, all this stuff under infrastructure, budget and
finance. There's a bunch of stuff under Health Cities that are important,
human rights, airplane noise and a bunch of other things we talked about. I
don't think by having five we overburden Staff. What we really do is put
them in independent categories that allow us to then communicate
effectively to the public. I originally had the built environment down, which
encompassed a lot. I was swayed by a lot of the comments here that we
actually should break that out into something that's clearer and more
understandable. Frankly, the built environment has always bugged me a
little in that it's seems jargon-y. We want to communicate clearly with the
public, and those do.          To say to the public, "We're working on
transportation," they know what we mean. We're working on housing.
We're working on the infrastructure. We're working on budget and finance.
We're working on a Healthy City. That's fairly clear to the public and easy to
communicate. Thank you. Do you want to speak to your second, Council
Member Kniss?

Vice Mayor Kniss: Yes. As we always say, briefly. Listening to all nine of us
talk, this sums up what we have said as a group. I hope Staff will pay
                                                                        Page 63 of 75
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/28/17
