                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Scharff: I'm going to clear the board if anyone wants to speak to this
amendment. You don't have to. I just have a question on it. What is the
different in a project? What are we looking at? When you say 50 trips or 75
trips or 25 trips, I don't really have a feel for what I’m voting on. Am I
voting for—how big a project are we talking? What are we looking at here?

Ms. Gitelman: If you think about the projects where we do a quantitative
analysis, we have two in the Research Park right now that are big
replacement projects, where we did traffic studies, I'm pretty sure.
Although, I'm not sure they had net new …

Council Member DuBois: This is net new trips too, not just total (crosstalk).

Ms. Gitelman: It's net new. We do err on the side of being conservative
when we have development projects. Sometimes we do require studies for
less than 100 trips. There's some rationale for going lower. It's just that we
thought right now the Code is written that these things are voluntary. It's
when people want to request a parking reduction. This is a change. We're
going to impose a requirement for the first time. We thought we should use
the standard as its written in the VTA guidance. It's up to Council.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was just going to say that my back of envelope
on this one was … If you use the City's current standing assumption of four
cars per 1,000 square feet, in order to get to 100 cars, if every single one
drives at peak, then you need 25,000 square feet. Not every single one is
likely to drive at peak, so somebody's going to come through and say 75
percent and so forth. You're looking at this applying to projects that are
30,000, 40,000, 50,000 square feet. We just don't have a lot of those,
which is to Council Member DuBois' point. At 100, we're never going to see
it. I think that's the justification for looking for a lower number.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Just wanted to check does this apply to all types
of development or only commercial or only for office and R&D or does it
apply to retail or does it apply to restaurants? Does it apply to residential?

Ms. Campbell: It would apply to any project that generated those trips.

Mayor Scharff: Let's vote on the board. That passes on a 6-2 vote with
Council Members Wolbach and Fine voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-2 Fine, Wolbach, no, Tanaka absent

                                                                       Page 87 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
