                          TRANSCRIPT
response to a lot of the mobility and built environment issues—and secondly
in Public Works, a lot of those around infrastructure and other related issues.
That's all I had on that section, Mr. Mayor, but I welcome (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: You're ready to go on to the next section, if we don't have a
lot of comments?

Mr. Keene: I am.

Mayor Scharff: First, I'll see if we have any comments. Adrian.

Council Member Fine: One quick question. Mr. City Manager, what do you
regret not working on the most? Which of these? What do you think was
the biggest mess that you would have liked to have … What do you need to
get it done, if you still plan to do it?

Mr. Keene: I'm not begging off on that. If I were to hit some specific
projects, I'd rather come back and tell you all what it was. I will speak to it
a little bit in the next piece of this.

Mayor Scharff: Karen.

Council Member Holman: Just clarification. Basically you're just reporting.
As you go forward, you want questions or comments from us about this next
year? I just want to get clear on what you're looking for right now.

Mr. Keene: What I wanted to say was if this report card, in a sense—if there
were questions that you had about it, they'd be best handled just sending
them to us afterwards. We'll report to you. From my own point of view,
that's less important than to what extent this is a foundation at all for you
when you're thinking about Priorities for 2017. We're going to ask you to
look at some projects later, not just the Priorities, but the Council signing off
on projects for FY '17 in some general way. This might be helpful in that
regard. A good example is just take the Comp Plan.

Mayor Scharff: Just to tee it up. What the City Manager is saying is he's
provided us this from last year. It's good background information. If there
are particular in-depth questions you have, you should email him. He'll
respond to the entire Council. We're basically a half hour behind. If there
are some burning questions you have on this, that you want to get out,
obviously now is an opportunity to say something, but don't feel like you
have to say anything. Tom.

Council Member Holman: Just to follow up on that then. I'll make it really,
really quick here. I continue to recognize that the Fry's site is not on this list

                                                                           Page 32 of 75
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/28/17
