                         TRANSCRIPT
Jacquie Sew & Sew isn't on this list, but Cobblery is. We're going to lose all
that fine-grained character that's embedded in the neighborhood of SOFA II,
contrary to the ordinance that we just passed, the Retail Preservation
Ordinance. Even if we redevelop and retail gets put back on the ground
floor in this Emerson corridor, which is required, we're going to lose all of
those little businesses. I think it's a travesty. I have to say I think it's a
travesty. Not anticipated in this SOFA II cap. Not one that I think will meet
with great favor in the neighborhood, who use those services day in and day
out. We have a conflict here of wanting to produce housing and wanting to
preserve neighborhood and neighborhood services and keep people from
driving to other communities to get the services they can't any longer get in
Palo Alto. I think what we're doing here—or looking to do here—is really
antithetical to what the community wants and the community quite frankly
needs. Having to do with TDM, I think I've said that. We're in conflict with
the Retail Preservation Ordinance, and we're in conflict with the SOFA II
plan. We're going to lose potentially a lot of these neighborhood-serving
businesses.

Mr. Lait: On the latter point, the difference being—just so I'm clear—as it
relates to the parking incentives, it seems. What we're suggesting is in the
SOFA II area, where we only have RT-35 zoned properties that are these
housing inventory sites, 21 of them, the development standards are not
changing for those properties. What is changing there are the parking
incentives that are proposed. That's the difference. Any of those 21
properties could do an affordable housing project today. They wouldn't
benefit from the parking incentives, the financial incentives about waiving
fees or the streamlining efforts, but in theory that could happen today.
Presumably that was envisioned in the cap.

Council Member Holman: What I’m pointing to is incentives incentivize
redevelopment.     That's the purpose of incentives.      In this area, the
incentives are going to have devastating negative effect because it's going to
incentivize redevelopment of parcels that hold The Cobblery and those sorts
of places.

Mr. Lait:    Again, I understand your comments.         That's for Council
deliberation, to talk about the—we have different policies, and we need to
balance those priorities that we have. Yes, I look forward to the Council
deliberation on that point.

Council Member Holman: I would just say if 21 of these sites are in SOFA II,
that's really a neighborhood. Twenty-one of these sites, that's phenomenal;
it's really phenomenal.


                                                                       Page 79 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
