                          TRANSCRIPT
You can make anything up to say why something shouldn't be approved.
It's clear how this reflects a broken system. Homeowners, landowners in the
area shielded from the effects of the limited supply through Prop 13 have
every incentive to deny every single project. Why would they? Why would
you allow a project? You don't really have any effect to you. You might
make up any perceived slight to just shoot it down because there's really no
balance to counteract it. In a more perfect world, residents who want to
have a lower density living, they would pay for it with higher taxes. Prop 13
made this not the case. In any case, my tax dollars go to Palo Alto for its
infrastructure, so I feel like I'm not getting my money's worth (inaudible)
finding a place where I might be able to live. Anyway, the failure of Palo
Alto to make an approval system that will actually supply this housing is
catching the attention of Sacramento more and more every day. It's really
up to Palo Alto to either solve its housing problem or have Sacramento try to
solve it for them. I think Palo Alto has the potential to make it happen.
Downtown Palo Alto, this is supposed to be the low-hanging fruit. You need
to add housing. Three to five units in this place has become this massive
train wreck of this approval process. How are you going to get any housing
built if this blows up this way? You need to figure out big picture—what's
your plan here? The problem's not going away. This is just one more
example of how this is just kind of a wreck. Thanks very much for your
time.

Mayor Scharff: Rita Vrhel to be followed by Neilson Buchanan.

Rita Vrhel: I have so much to say. I feel like we've seen this pig before. It
keeps coming back, and it's got a little new dress on, but it's still the same
fat pig that doesn't fit Downtown. I remember last year, Mayor Scharff,
when you said when the applicant came back, "Why are you here?" The
answer was that she couldn't get her way at the ARB. You said to her, "You
need to follow the Codes." You actually shook your finger at her and said—
do you remember this? I do. It was wonderful. You said, "We can take a
very long, long time to approve your project." Why is this project back here
again? You have the ARB, which apparently hasn't even seen some of these
designs, and you're going to approve something. I think the attorney was a
little disingenuous. I can see why Dr. Harbour feels like he has been
slammed. I heard some very veiled threats on if you don't approve this
project. To the young man who would like to live in Palo Alto, who spoke
before me, these are luxury apartments.           These are large, luxury
apartments. All that the Planning and Transportation Commission and the
ARB did was ask the applicant to reduce the size. I feel like this applicant is
wasting your time, our time. Obviously it doesn't have the approval from
most of the community. This is not a Chinese community versus the rest of
us situation. This is an ugly building which is going to be replacing a very
                                                                         Page 42 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/6/17
