                         TRANSCRIPT
going to have more people here. Our neighbors are doing the same.
Mountain View is adding a lot of housing to North Bayshore. The centers
that we have that are commercial will need to grow, but they need to grow
in providing more retail and in providing small office spaces for professional
people. If we put housing in them, like we did at Edgewood and Alma Plaza
that would prevent us from actually using them in the future as the
commercial centers that they should be and for retail.                    The
recommendations of the CAC mostly was not to develop those, Midtown and
the other ones, Town and Country and Charleston Center.              I would
appreciate it if you leave them without housing. The other thing I wanted to
say is there were a lot of interpretation of what quality of life means. To
me, it's the trees. I would support retaining the height limit but, if the
height limit is going to be changed, then maybe the setbacks should be
expanded so there's more room for trees and a little bit of nature next to the
buildings. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Stuart Soffer, who's our final speaker.

Stuart Soffer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Stu Soffer. I live in
Menlo Park; I've an office on University Avenue, Downtown Palo Alto. I'm
here to talk about the safety and security of valet parking in Lot R, which
I've parked at for at least five years now. As you know, if there are no spots
available, the cars are double-parked on the ramps, and they're double and
triple parked on the floors themselves. That opens you up for lots of
problems. A year ago, someone backed into the side of my car getting out.
Just before Christmas, my car was broken into in Lot R on the valet floors.
Last week, as I was parking, three cars had been broken into on the fifth
floor at the top. I asked the valet parkers, do they report this. They said
they only report it to their boss, their management. They don't know if it's
ever reported to the City. I suggest that for all the fees one pays for the
permit and for Business Improvement District and some other fee I get, I
think it should be safe and secure to park your car in Downtown Palo Alto.
Let me say, I thought I was in Menlo Park, listening to the prior speakers.
I'm really impressed how Menlo Park can get the same development done
with just five Council Members versus nine.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Now, we return to Staff for a presentation.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment: : Thank
you, Mayor Scharff and Council Members. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm joined tonight by Elaine Costello to my right, Joanna Jensen to
her right, and then behind us Elena Lee of our Staff. We do have a
presentation to try and introduce the item this evening. I recognize we've
put a heavy load on you with a long recommendation section with a lot of

                                                                       Page 24 of 108
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/30/17
