                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman and I have also heard in the community was raising
an issue that I've heard. My understanding is that when we do ownership
BMR units, it creates long-term problems in the homeowners associations in
terms of upgrades or maintenance issues or seismic retrofit, all of those
issues. I actually think, in terms of being more inclusive, that rental BMRs
work better. With the Palmer decision, we don't get many rental BMRs built
into that because we can't require it. I was going to ask Staff—I was
unclear. I think currently what we do when we have a condo project is we
basically put a deed restriction on it, and it is for-sale housing. If we said
nothing, that would be the direction that would occur in this. At least that's
the ones I've seen. I don't know if that's correct, but that was sort of my
understanding of it.

Mr. Lait: For projects that would comply with the City's BMR requirements,
they would be restricted. Yes.

Mayor Scharff: One of the things I think—I was intrigued at Council Member
Holman.     When I went to the Palo Alto Neighborhood (PAN) meeting
recently, this issue was raised with me as well. I would be interested if we
could restructure our BMR program. I don't know if we can, but I'm
assuming we can. On condo projects, we contract with somebody to
manage those units, whatever they are, probably Palo Alto Housing
Corporation. Those units become rental units within the condo complex, and
then procedures are put forward on that rent and that kind of stuff, that
allows for maintenance and all of that and payment of the homeowners
association, and that we set up a system that works better. If not, I think
we need to set up some sort of a system for people who have the BMRs, that
the maintenance and the improvements can be made, that aren't a financial
hardship for them at the same time. With that, I think we're done. I hope
that was helpful.

Mr. Hayes: Thank you.

Council Member Holman: (inaudible)

Mayor Scharff: Go ahead.

Council Member Holman: Just one clarifying question please. Considering
the Council Members' comments this evening, if the project were going to be
up-zoned, would that happen concurrent with or separate from the project
review? A multifamily housing project doesn't get reviewed by the Council.
I don't know that the applicant is going to want to do a lot of design work on
something when they don't know if they're going to get an up-zone or not.
Would you explain what the process would be?

                                                                       Page 31 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/13/17
