                          TRANSCRIPT
the questions that the Finance Committee raised and to include the
additional scenarios. Bottom line is all of the six scenarios would have a tiny
positive impact in terms of revenues, an impact on the General Fund. I
think it's probably better to say the conclusion is they would not have a
negative impact on the General Fund because the positive increase is so
slight. Also, if you remember last time around, we were really focusing on
trying to quantify the impacts and benefits of residents versus employees.
The conclusion was that the expected fiscal benefit of a new resident, again,
is slightly greater than the expected benefit from a new employee. I think
our consultant will be here this evening to answer questions, if there are
any, on the Fiscal Study. What we're looking for tonight, in terms of the
public hearing on the EIR portion of the evening, any questions or comments
from the public or from the Council on the methodology or conclusions of the
analysis, anything about the mitigation measures we proposed, anything
about the significant unavoidable impacts that will require a Statement of
Overriding Considerations when the Council adopts the Plan. Those are
specifically related to air quality and traffic. Any other topics or issues within
the scope of the EIR would be welcome this evening. When we get through
the public hearing process, again, we're hoping that the Council will help us
shape the preferred scenario as it's described in the Final EIR. Essentially,
the point of identifying a preferred scenario is so that we can demonstrate
how the Comp Plan that's ultimately adopted falls within the range of
scenarios that have been analyzed in the EIR. What we've done in your
Staff Report is try to tease out from the Council's direction on January 30th
and in previous meetings what the Council's direction has been and
suggested to you what we think the preferred scenario might look like. The
main characteristics that we're looking at are the number of housing units
and, therefore, population, the amount of square footage, nonresidential
square footage, the amount of jobs, and then other characteristics like
transportation investments and zoning changes. Looking at housing. If you
recall on January 30th, the Council asked us in the Comp Plan to eliminate
the housing sites on San Antonio, which is not really transit accessible or not
really well-served by transit, and instead increase densities in Downtown
and near Cal. Ave. You asked us to look at adding housing sites in the
Stanford Shopping Center as long as we preserve parking, in the Stanford
Research Park, and near the Medical Center. You asked us to also pursue
policies that convert some nonretail commercial, in other words office space,
development potential to residential development potential. You asked us to
bring forward policies that encourage a mix of housing types, including
policies that support small units. If you kind of add all these policy
directions up and compare them to the assumptions in the various EIR
scenarios, our feeling is that the total would fall between Scenario 4 and
Scenario 6. On the high end, those policies are very supportive of housing.
We think they would fall on the high end of the range between Scenario 4
                                                                              Page 15 of 91
                                                               Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 03/20/17
