                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I would just say, just to be clear, we're not making
a decision whether to do this or not. I think we're considering a program
that would evaluate it.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can interject, Mayor Scharff?

Mayor Scharff: Yes, go ahead.

Ms. Gitelman: There are really two things referred to in this item, a policy
which would make it a policy of the City to pursue these wider sidewalks,
etc., and a program that is, as Council Member DuBois suggests, just
consider and investigate whether we could do it. This does suggest both.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Holman: Do I get to speak to my second?

Mayor Scharff: You do. I apologize. I'm confused.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Council Member DuBois remembers
correctly. This was the subject of a Colleagues' Memo that I've mentioned a
lot of times. It actually was written and submitted in 2012. It's been a long
time hanging out there. Mayor Scharff, you were one of the signers on that
Colleagues' Memo.

Mayor Scharff: I was.

Council Member Holman: It talks about wider sidewalks. It talks about the
South El Camino Design Guidelines. It talks about the Grand Boulevard
vision. Just a few things, because I pulled this up in anticipation of this.
How buildings address the street, and a quote from the South El Camino
Design Guidelines. Narrow sidewalks and poor aesthetics negatively impact
the business environment. It goes on with all kinds of things, talking about
walkability, what makes for safe transit and attraction of pedestrian activity.
We talk about, let's just say, the corner of El Camino and Page Mill. There
are lots of comments made sometimes—there are some comments made
sometimes about how nobody ever walks there, so we don't need a wider
sidewalk there. Nobody is ever going to walk there if they don't have a
wider sidewalk there, for instance.      These wider sidewalks and better
setbacks are just key. Policy L-4.10 captures not a lot but a fair amount of—
not all but a fair amount of what we're trying to achieve by very studied
recommendations from Grand Boulevard and South El Camino.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Fine.


                                                                        Page 91 of 108
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/30/17
