                          TRANSCRIPT
related to City Council Priority suggestions in preparation for the annual
Council Retreat, one of the recommendations they've put in here was to
have the Mayor appoint some Council Members to work with the City
Manager to identify a facilitator for a second, subsequent Retreat meeting. I
did want to let you know we're on a really tight schedule. The facilitators I
could get in here for this week, I already asked the Mayor and Vice Mayor to
think about being the people who could sit in that meeting. I would like to
just acknowledge to the Council, when you go ahead and approve this as is,
we've already started going in that direction. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Scharff: I have something under additions, changes, additions and
deletions. On Item 9 on Consent, we have a number of Council Members
that have raised questions. Unfortunately, the questions were raised after
the deadline to raise the questions to get written responses. First, I'm going
to, as friendly as I can, admonish all of you to get your questions in early so
that Staff has the opportunity to answer the questions. I think that's really
important if we're going to run efficient meetings. The next thing we're
going to do is take Item 9 and move it over two weeks from now, because
we don't have a Council meeting on Martin Luther King Day. We'll have that
Item. Any Council Member who has questions on that, you should submit
them in writing, and the City Manager and Staff will answer those questions.
I don't know if you have any further comments on that.

Mr. Keene: No.      That would be the meeting of—the 23rd is the date?
January 23rd.

Mayor Scharff: I can't actually remember the procedure.          Do I need a
Motion to move Number 9?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: I can't remember it either. I think you should
take a vote in the absence of memory.

Mayor Scharff: I will make the Motion that we move Item 9 to—what date is
that? Is it … January 23rd. Do I have a second?

Vice Mayor Kniss: I'll second it.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to continue
Agenda Item Number 9 - 900 N. California Avenue [15PLN-00155] … to
January 23, 2017.

Mayor Scharff: That's a second. If we could vote on the board. That passes
unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
                                                                         Page 22 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/9/17
