                          TRANSCRIPT
the mass gets converted to methane. There's a practice of land application
where it's put in with a composting operation and mixed with other soils.
The aerobic environment greatly reduces the methane production; however,
the CO2 will still continue to be generated. Both are greenhouse gases.
Industrial agriculture. The bio-solids and the food waste are all industrial
waste from industrial agriculture. When you look at the carbon footprint of
the source of this material, this feedstock material from industrial
agricultural, that's a fossil-fuel-intensive activity. Food is a fossil fuel. Let
me give you an example. When you look at what's on the label of this can,
Chef Boyardee, there's good stuff inside. See, it says right there no
preservatives. You've got ravioli in a tomato sauce with all these different
vegetables. There's meat that came from a cow that had to be raised and
processed and ground up and cooked. It's a biscuit of some kind. All these
things coming from all these different places, and they all showed up at that
factory. It was all cooked up and then put in metal cans with paper labels
on them. A lot of fossil fuel went into that. A little exercise here to show
how inadvertently we create a carbon footprint. I want to talk about fluid
milk consumption, nothing to do with the cow to the glass of what those
people are drinking, but this calculation for Palo Alto. It's 250 liters of
methane per cow, and that comes to about 130 1/2 pounds of methane per
year per cow. Two gallons of milk per day is 17.2 pounds of milk a day,
according to the U.S.D.A. The average person consumes 195 pounds of fluid
milk a year. That's about 24 gallons, 12 cow days or 4.275 pounds of
methane per capita generated by people drinking milk. For Palo Alto, the
population according to Wikipedia is 64,400. I rounded it down to 64,000,
figuring there are at least 403 people who are lactose intolerant in the town.
That comes to almost 137 tons a year of methane. Times 22 to give it the
carbon dioxide equivalent, you get about 3,000 tons just by the innocent
activity of drinking milk. The carbon footprint of bio-solids is greater than
what's being shown. The bacteria is always at work. As long as those bio-
solids are in existence, they're going to be generating greenhouse gases. In
the anaerobic digester, that's the point. That's what they want them to do.
That's what that technology does.          In most anaerobic digesters being
operated for municipal system, for every 100 tons of sludge in, about 95
tons of sludge comes out and has to be shipped offsite somewhere for land
application. That's a nice way of saying they're dumping it on the ground
somewhere. An example would be Orange County Sanitary. They produce
750 tons of sludge every day, and 41 percent of that is trucked to Arizona
where it's directly applied to agricultural land, not composted. In California,
places where you can dispose of sludge from your anaerobic digesters—
thinking now we have a 30-year lifetime of this project—are disappearing.
There's a very good possibility that within 10 or 12 years, there will be no
place to send the sludge. There's no guarantee; that's not firm. If there
were ever any lawsuits like San Francisco suffered with the flame retardant
                                                                          Page 5 of 102
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/27/17
