                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm totally fine with that. It's been made clear
what some of the specific elements of each of these might be. I'm open to
that going either way, though.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, may I make a comment?

Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mr. Keene: If this Motion passes—I agree with you, we have 30 minutes
left—maybe there would be 5-10 minutes under the headings for you to
quickly restate a couple of those things. I've got the mash-up under Healthy
Cities, but if we could get those down on the list. Understanding that we'll
report back to the Council on these. There's always the chance for you to
modify that.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible) after we pass the Motion as a further
discussion point?

Mr. Keene: I think it would be better after the Motion. What do you think,
Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Scharff: That was my plan. I was going to go back to those things,
just to have everyone comment. They could add a couple of things or give
their comments. All in favor. Tom.

Council Member DuBois: That was a little quick. I'd like to understand the
intent here. We've had the built environment. It's a balance. We've talked
about it.    We passed a lot of things in the last 2 years to balance
jobs/housing, residential/commercial. It looks like what's being proposed is
to pretend that commercial doesn't exist; we just dropped it. A lot of people
in the community are going to be upset about that. I'm going to be upset
about that. I would offer a motion that we go to six or, again, we talk about
the built environment as being composed of housing, transportation and
commercial development. There are a ton of projects that are underway,
that aren't listed, which I would list under the commercial environment,
which is the annual limit on new office, quality of design, build-to line, retail,
Fry's, parking requirements. I just don't understand why we have dropped
those. They're critical. I would either offer an amendment to add the
commercial environment or call it the built environment and group these
together again or I'd offer an alternative motion. The other thing I'd like to
say just on transportation. It's not on the list, but one of our number one
issues is traffic flow and congestion. A lot of the comments are about
congestion. It's not a project on there.


                                                                           Page 65 of 75
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/28/17
