                           TRANSCRIPT
B.      Estimated non-residential square footage would be similar to
        Scenario 2 (3 million square feet, of which 1.3 million square feet has
        already been approved at the Stanford University Medical Center); and

C.      Estimated employment growth would be between Scenario 2 (9,850
        jobs) and 11,500 jobs; and

D.      Transportation investments would be those listed in the Staff Report,
        subject to additional review and refinement when the Transportation
        Element returns to Council on May 1; and

E.      Additional Zoning Code amendments and policies advancing
        sustainability measures would be those listed in the Staff Report,
        subject to additional review and refinement when the Land Use
        Element returns to Council on May 1.

Mayor Scharff: Are we ready to vote?        That passes on an 8-1 vote with
Council Member Wolbach voting no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Wolbach no

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you all.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Scharff: Now, I believe we're at Council Member Comments and
Questions and Announcements.         We also do have Intergovernmental
Legislative Affairs. We don't have anything under it, but I’m going to speak
to it in my Council Member comments. I'm on the legislative—reviews all
the legislation for ABAG. There's a number of housing bills in the Legislature
right now, and a number of other bills that I would say threaten local
control. We as a Council should agendize some of these soon and be able to
weigh in. I just wanted to say that. That was something that's important
because we often defend local control. We should definitely look at those
issues. I think some …

James Keene, City Manager: Can you work with me at Agenda Planning?

Mayor Scharff: I will. Some of you would be shocked at some of the bills
that are out there, frankly. In fact, I believe that ABAG at the end of the
                                                                            Page 89 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
