                         TRANSCRIPT
state in 2020 and 2030. The Bay Area Air Quality Management District took
that State goal for 2020 and converted it into a per capita efficiency
standard in order to help support that goal. The District determined if in our
region we could get to 4.6 million metric tons of carbon in 2020, we could
support the 2020 goal of reaching 1990 levels of greenhouse gas emission.
Stanford will have, instead of the 4.6 goal, 2.5 million metric tons of carbon
per person, well meeting that goal. If you use a similar analysis for 2030,
we would need to as a region get to 2.7 million metric tons of carbon in
order to meet the very aggressive goal of 40-percent reduction below 1990
levels in 2030. Looking at after build-out of Stanford's development request
being at 1.8 million metric tons, again well below that aggressive standard
for greenhouse gases. That's on a per capita basis. Also if you just look at
total greenhouse gases, not on a per capita, there will be no increase in
greenhouse gases from today despite the build-out of the development
request. Another performance standard in the 2000 General Use Permit was
that associated with water. There was a desire for Stanford to stay within its
Hetch Hetchy allocation of 3 million gallons per day. When we began in
2000, Stanford was using about 2.7 million gallons per day of water. Of
course, it was expected to increase as we developed housing and academic
facilities on campus.       Stanford underwent very robust conservation
programs and as a result, despite adding 1 million square feet of academic
facilities and 2,000 housing units, the water use went from 2.7 million
gallons per day down to 1.9, a 30-percent reduction between 2000 and
2015. It went actually lower last year to 1.8 million gallons per day, which
is about half of the water use in 2000. The application also includes a water
supply assessment. The State requires that you make sure, if you propose a
development, there is sufficient water both in normal and multiple drought
years. The water supply assessment that we included in the application
does show there's sufficient potable and non-potable water demand even
with build-out of the development request. Finally, the application includes
a parks and recreation study in order to determine any potential impacts
from future campus residents that would be added to campus and their use
of neighborhood parks. Through use of a survey, we determined the
amount our current campus residents are using the neighborhood parks and
then created metrics in order to forecast what our future residents would do,
and compared it in order to determine whether there would be significant
deterioration of any of those neighborhood parks, and found that there
would not be an environmental impact under California Environment Quality
Act (CEQA). We also noticed that there was kind of a higher proportion of
use in the College Terrace parks because of the residences located in that
general area. In the application, Stanford has offered to pay for the
improvements to the College Terrace parks that are included in Palo Alto's
capital budget.

                                                                       Page 18 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
