                          TRANSCRIPT
branch store, they're not allowed to work on product for that store. That
seems super picky. Tutoring services have been treated by the City as
personal services. They're absent from this Ordinance. Schools, I guess,
now it's being discussed, but that's something that's worthy of considering
outside of the core district.         There's no consideration of housing-only
projects or affordable housing projects.             Some properties would be
appropriate, especially in neighborhoods. Things like North Face or S.O.S.
Market are in the middle of a neighborhood; perhaps they should be
considered for 100-percent housing. The sites proposed to be added to the
GF retail zone are the same ones that were removed from the zone at the
recommendation of the 2009 stakeholder group. Having been in the group,
I can tell you that the reason those sites were removed from the GF zone
was because, as you approach Palo Alto, most of them were typically vacant.
It gave a very bad first impression to visitors. The idea was let them have a
little bit more flexibility for the pride of the town. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Simon Cintz and Ben Cintz. You're speaking
together and only one 3 minutes. If you spoke separately, you'd get it
twice.

Simon Cintz and Ben Cintz: If we were twins? My name is Simon Cintz, my
brother Ben Cintz. Ben is a resident here in Palo Alto. Both of us grew up in
Palo Alto. We own four small commercial properties in Palo Alto. The
blanket Citywide prohibition against any and all ground-floor retail
conversion is a one-size-fits-all approach to retail preservation. It doesn't
matter what type of retail. It doesn't matter where the retail is located. It
doesn't matter whether or not the retail is viable in this location. It ignores
most of the issues that should be considered in a carefully thought-out
process. Is this the way Palo Alto wants to do zoning and City planning? It's
important to note that almost all of Palo Alto's existing retail is currently
protected by current zoning and other Ordinances. This Ordinance only
serves to protect the very small portion of Palo Alto's existing retail,
including retail property where retail is no longer viable. What is the real
benefit of this proposed Citywide Ordinance against ground-floor retail
conversions? It's also important to note that the Ordinance mentions that
70,000 square feet of retail has been lost since 2008. Let's put this in
perspective. Ms. Jean Eisenberg [sic] told me there is about 2.6 million
square feet of retail in Palo Alto. This means that only 2.7 percent has been
lost in about 6 or 7 years. This isn't much considering the rapidly changing
nature of retail in these last few years. Let's imagine what would happen if
this Ordinance was in place when our family converted our 1960s auto
garage to a 3,400-square-foot medical/dental office at 882 Emerson in
SOFA. We now have two dentists and one doctor. A majority of their
patients are Palo Alto residents. It cost us hundreds of thousands of dollars
                                                                        Page 50 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/13/17
