                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I second the Motion for a number of reasons,
many of which have already been spoken too.        I would add to built
environment—they are so interwoven. We can break them out, but to what
end? They are very, very interwoven. Look at how we're looking at the
Comprehensive Plan.        We're weaving together because they're so
interconnected, transportation and housing. Land use, I should say. They
are interconnected. There's no way to separate them. You can't do one
without the other. To lose the built environment component is—look at all
the comments we got. I think there was 29 comments about the look and
feel and integration of new development. To lose that is to defy the public
and their comments. I would offer the amendment, though, that we add to
create as the Mayor had a fifth Priority which is living up to our City
agreements. Hopefully Council Member DuBois would accept that. Again,
listening to the public.

Council Member DuBois: Was that in the original Motion?

Council Member Holman: Your Motion was budget, infrastructure, Healthy
Cities and built environment. You didn't have living up to City agreements.
Are you agreeable to adding that one?

Council Member DuBois: I'd accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Substitute
Motion, “living up to City agreements.” (New Part E)

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: You want to speak?

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible) I have a question or the maker of the
original Motion. I think Council Member DuBois and Holman brought up the
issue of commercial development, which the previous Council actually paid
quite a bit of attention to in terms of the relationship of job growth, loss of
retail, protection of personal services and so forth as part of that. That fits
in the built environment. If we don't use the built environment, if we break
it out separately in housing and transportation, where do those things go
under the original motion? I think those are important.

Mayor Scharff:    That's a fair question.  For most of them, they fit
somewhere—the question you're raising is retail, for instance. What else
were you raising?



                                                                         Page 67 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
