                          TRANSCRIPT
      Mobility options

      Housing

      Smart, Efficient, experimental city-infrastructure and finance

Mayor Scharff: Greg.

Council Member Tanaka: I'm going to agree with Council Member Fine in
terms of I'm not going to be very supportive of really broad, generic,
nebulous Priorities. I think it's going to be heard to achieve; it's hard to
measure. I don't think it helps. If we have goals like breathing, everyone's
going to breathe whether we make it a Priority or not. That's not helping;
that's not helping Staff figure out what's important and what's not
important. To really be useful for Staff, it's got to be specific. We've got to
make tradeoffs, not everything can be important. Some of these goals are
super generic, vague, unmeasurable. I do not support. With that said, I
just have two goals. The first one is really—I put down specific numbers. If
we want to sit here next year and see how did we do against these Priorities,
these goals, we've got to set a target. We can't just say make life good.
We've got to set a target. I put a target, which is probably too aggressive,
but it's better than no target. Then, we know whether we hit it or not. One
reason why I really focus on revenue is because there's a lot of things
competing for our resources, our time, Staff's time, our own personal time.
What we're doing is fighting over one pie of a certain size, because you only
have so much resources. Rather than trying to make this a zero-sum game,
if we actually take advantage of the fact that we are in one of the most
prosperous areas of the world—not just the country but the world—we have
some of the wealthiest residents. We have some of the most innovative
companies. I believe that with a concerted effort we could greatly increase
the revenue in the City. If we greatly increase the revenue in the City, it
means rather than us fighting over should we fund this or fund that, we
could actually fund everything or more things. Rather than having a smaller
pie that we're trying to figure out what makes sense, we have a bigger pie.
We could actually provide better services for the residents in our City.
Making this a strong (inaudible) where we actually have a strong base of
revenue to build from, to fund the programs that we want, be it Code
enforcement, be it a bike bridge or whatever might be your particular issue.
Like airplane noise, having a lobbyist. If we had the money for it, it wouldn't
be that big of a deal. Right now, we have only so much time, so much
revenue to fund things. That's one reason why I put that down. In general,
whether it's this one or another one, we should have very specific, targeted
goals and Priorities so we know how we're doing. The second one, it's
something that we could probably only say for this year. It's either going to

                                                                         Page 55 of 75
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/28/17
