                          TRANSCRIPT
day will also take a stand against some of the more extreme loss of local
control bills that are out there right now. There's something like 20 different
housing bills out there.

Council Member DuBois: I wanted to thank Rob de Geus and Peter Jensen
as well as Police Officer James Reifschneider. Is that how you say his name?
They came out for the Barron Park annual meeting. They talked a lot about
Community Services and policing activity. There was a lot of Q&A. It was
really appreciated.

Mayor Scharff: Vice Mayor Kniss.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I want to just briefly report on being in Washington last
week. I would encourage any of you to go. We were fortunate and had a
very long meeting with the FAA, which we have passed that information onto
Staff. There's still a great deal of interest in whether or not there will be
another Select Committee that's made. We discovered that almost every
office was willing to see us. Sadly, it snowed on Tuesday, and so the usual
representatives that we could have met with on Wednesday we couldn't get
in on Tuesday. It's a great opportunity to interact with people from all over
the country. We spent some more time with the people from Boulder, not
surprising because Boulder is not dissimilar from Palo Alto. Once again, I
found what was so discouraging was there's such a negative feeling toward
California. I don't have any answers to it, but it also became very clear that
the split in California between the parties is very significant when it comes to
funding. There was a lot of talk about that. We ended up accidentally at an
MTC meeting and heard a great deal about—it's amazing what happens.
There wasn't a moment that we weren't busy with something or learning
something or attempting to get more information from those who are back
there. I'm delighted I went. I hope others will think of going to some of the
other meetings. This was the National League of Cities, and it's their spring
legislative meeting where they are discussing what is going to be coming in
the next year. There was clearly a lot of talk about the President, not
surprisingly, and where is this Administration going and what else is going to
change.      That was interesting.    Delighted I went.       As I said, would
encourage others to go. We missed you going, by the way.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things. Also, I was part of that trip to
Washington, D.C. I thought it was an interesting lesson. One of the reasons
I would join Vice Mayor Kniss in encouraging everybody to go next time—in
our meeting with the FAA, it wasn't until about an hour into what I was
expecting to be a half hour meeting that through our pressuring and asking

                                                                            Page 90 of 91
                                                             Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 03/20/17
