                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Tanaka:          Just out of curiosity, in terms of childcare
definition, as I recall there's a Gymboree in the Midtown Center. Is that a
childcare or not?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't think that counts as childcare. I would have to go
back to the Zoning Ordinance, which we can look up here if you need
specifics.

Council Member Tanaka: As a parent, my kids are older now so it's not
quite as big of a deal. I do recall it being extremely difficult to find childcare
here in Palo Alto. Having one near your house is actually kind of key,
especially when the parents are working. I too am not going to support this
Motion.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate the Motion and will be supporting it.
Just to reiterate very briefly what Annette Ashton said. We need to preserve
our neighborhood centers for the retail and personal services we're going to
be needing so much, especially as the population grows. Childcare is not
really a very good mix in a retail shopping center for a number of reasons.

Mayor Scharff: Seeing no lights, if we could vote on the board. That passes
on a 6-3 Motion with Council Members Filseth, Tanaka and Fine voting no.

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Filseth, Fine, Tanaka no

Mayor Scharff: That deals with childcare. Now, I think we go back to
housing sites. I believe we didn't do housing sites yet.

Vice Mayor Kniss: You are on Page 2?

Mayor Scharff: Page 2C, which is … Council Member Fine.

Council Member Fine: Thank you. I don't believe in the Comp Plan we
should be purposely restricting specific sites from potential future housing,
particularly multifamily housing. I'll make a Motion that the Comp Plan
leave open or consider all of these sites for housing.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that. Are you saying you're accepting
all the things under "C" here?

Mayor Scharff: Yes, I think that's what he's saying.

Council Member DuBois: I would second that.

                                                                          Page 61 of 108
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/30/17
