                          TRANSCRIPT
went to the café. We turned it into an optometrist based on a Director's
decision, and that part of town is sort of dead frankly. That was a real
mistake. I'm not quite comfortable with just having a Director's decision on
that. I did want to briefly focus a little bit on the issue of the following
regulations on Packet Page 438. It says the following regulations restrict
businesses that operate or have associated activities at any time between
the hours of 10:00 p.m. and 6:00 p.m. where such site abuts or is located
within 50 feet of residentially zoned properties. That's Packet Page 438. My
concern there is we talk about building residential in the Downtown. If we're
going to put residential in the Downtown, are we going to restrict the night—
basically (inaudible) past 10:00? We need to be really thoughtful about that
if we're going to have residential and say that's not going to apply in our
Downtown as we move forward on that, if we move forward on having more
residential. I think those were my comments on that. I also agree that we
should look at a sign Ordinance when we get a chance at it. I'm not sure
that Staff has the bandwidth right now to take on a sign Ordinance, but I do
think at some point we may want to look at that. I did want to briefly
comment on the parking assessment since people brought it up. I forget
what it is, but I think we have $4 million in our parking assessment
Downtown, which is going towards the parking garage. I don't believe it's
phantom parking. I believe that the parking actually gets built. It's delayed
parking, which has its own issues, but it does actually get built at some
point. The PTC recommendations. The PTC recommended a couple of
things on Packet Page 414. They recommended approval but we send it
back to the PTC for further study, refinements to the Ordinance including
evaluating nonviable retail. I actually don't support that, and I don't support
that we request the Council direct the PTC to review the impacts of the
Ordinance. I view both of those, frankly, as eating up a lot of Staff time and
probably not making the Ordinance any better or giving us more information
that we don't already have. I don't support either of those. I did want to
briefly comment on secondary retail. I agree with Council Member DuBois
that having more retail provides more opportunities for secondary retail,
more marginal retail, to get established. I see no negative to that and see
real positives for that where retail has managed to establish themselves and
then move, frankly, to a better location later. I don't think that's a negative.
Retail in Palo Alto on the whole does fairly well. I don't buy this notion that
we should push the retail in, in the Downtown. The Downtown is doing just
fine. Expanding the retail will do just fine as well. Those were my
comments. Now, we return to Council for Motions, more comments, etc.
Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. I would like to move the Staff
recommendation. I hope that some of the issues we just discussed will
come up as amendments.
                                                                         Page 78 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/13/17
