                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Seven hundred doesn't sound like …

Mr. Lait: I think that's why it depends by jurisdiction. Since I was here, I've
heard people talking about square footages even less than 300. I think it
really depends on what you're using as your reference point.

Council Member DuBois:     On the TDM requirements, the 100 net trips, is
that per week, per day?

Mr. Lait: That's during the peak period of time, within the peak hours. In
one day, one peak period of time.

Council Member DuBois: It wouldn't be 50 in the morning and 50 at night?

Mr. Lait: I think it's during the peak hour for—if the peak hour is from 4:00
to 6:00 in the evening, that's the 100 trips that we're looking at.

Council Member DuBois: How often do we see projects that have that many
new trips (crosstalk) peak number?

Mr. Lait: Lately, we haven't seen too many of that size, but it's not just
limited to the 100 trips, which is consistent with the VTA standard for when
we require a traffic impact analysis. We're also suggesting that a TDM be
required when there's a request for a parking reduction, and that we do see
from time to time. The interest here is, one, the Code is set up now where
an applicant may request this. What we want to say is we're going to
require it if you meet this standard or this standard. There's also this other
for any projects that are requesting a reduction or claiming a reduction due
to the proximity to transit. We're just being more explicit about it.

Council Member DuBois: How did the 100 come about? It seems very high.

Mr. Lait: This is the same reference. When the City has project that we're
reviewing for a development proposal application, VTA has a standard that
when 100 or more trips are being generated during weekday or weekend
peak periods, we need to perform a traffic impact analysis. That's this
robust analysis about intersection impact, segments, and so forth. We're
just using the same standard that we would use for a large project that has
the potential to create these impacts, that would require study to also then
require—not voluntary provide but to require—a TDM for those types of
projects. If you trip that threshold to require a TIA, then we're also going to
require the TDM plan.

Council Member DuBois: I did see you had some enforcement clauses in
there. I guess the penalty will be determined later?

                                                                        Page 66 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
