                          TRANSCRIPT
through a Colleagues' Memo would be appropriate to make sure they're
included the next time we're talking about Code changes. The items that
I'm thinking about are having a process by which residential projects can
participate in parking assessment districts, either for sharing with current
spaces especially at night, if the garages are empty at night and only full
during the day, or participating if and when new garages get built. Not if but
when. Second, having zoning provisions 2.0 or 3.0 or whatever residential
on several floors above ground-floor retail or other use, especially in
Downtown or Cal. Ave., potentially on El Camino Real. You could have, for
instance, retail on the ground floor and then three floors of small residential
units about that. That's something we've talked about quite a few times, I
think, in the past. The third is any kind of overlay for Downtown or Cal.
Ave. for small or micro units, perhaps to implement what we were just
talking about. Are any of those kinds of things planned to come forward
currently or would a Colleagues' Memo from Council be helpful in moving
those onto a future agenda?

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Council Member. Annually, the City Council goes
through a process of evaluating the work program for different departments.
I think that next opportunity is coming up in March, if I'm not mistaken,
February or March. Whenever it's happening, the City Manager will help
coordinate that with the Council. Each department puts forth a work
program. We would certainly put forth some items as well. To the extent
that any individual project is assigned, it's partly through that effort. The
effort of the annual Code updates, cleanup, is really trying to capture those
items that are not really controversial. I can imagine those items that
you've mentioned warranting some kind of public dialog and conversation.
Those would be discrete work items, work projects, that we would have to
account for in our Staff time. We're able to bundle these eight or nine
amendments and address these in a relatively noncontroversial manner to
help improve administration and clarity. That's the effort that we're trying
to do with this and future cleanup ordinances. Those items that you
referenced and perhaps some other that were mentioned before, I think, are
discrete work assignments for Staff that need to be considered in the
balance of other assignments that we have.

Council Member Wolbach: Got it. Thank you.

Mayor Scharff: Council Member Kou.

Council Member Kou: I'm really happy to see the cleanup over here, but I
do have some questions. In terms of the site—let me see. For the bulk of
the building on Packet Page 320, which speaks about the floor area ratios
and FAR, etc., for the auto dealerships. When the roof area, etc.—it says

                                                                        Page 68 of 102
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/27/17
