                         TRANSCRIPT
district, is that correct? I was glad to see in the presentation you included
the Caltrain occupancy levels. When we worked on the Downtown parking,
we did a lot to make sure the garages were all filled. I'm wondering have
we considered—we got a lot of emails about the permit process in Cal. Ave.
area. Do you guys have ideas on how to optimize the sale of permits? Have
we looked at valet parking like we did Downtown? What are some of the
options?

Mr. Mello: Just to clarify, the blocks on El Camino within the district would
not be signed for RPP. The businesses on El Camino could buy permits, but
the on-street spaces in front of those businesses on El Camino would not
become part of the RPP Program. There's a list of the enforced blocks within
the Resolution.    I mentioned it earlier.     I think this area needs a
Comprehensive Parking Study, where we can look at the permit prices and
the supply and demand for the garages and lots. We were just not equipped
with the resources to complete that as part of the development of this RPP
Program.

Council Member DuBois: A year and a half waiting list. I'm really surprised
there's 31 percent occupancy at the Caltrain lot. That's a huge lot. This is a
minor point, but it's something we should consider. We should bake in the
street sweeping times in the signage when we do this, similar to Downtown.
No parking on certain days of the week on certain sides of the street.

Mr. Mello: We did offer the Public Works Department that option with the
installation of these signs. Apparently the enforcement resources are not
available to enforce that on a regular schedule. They currently post in
advance of the street sweeping day, and they use temporary posting. They
feel that that's the most effective currently for this area. We did consult
with Public Works to see if that made sense.

Council Member DuBois: The Colleagues' Memo that we wrote          asked that
we try to bring Southgate and this together. There really          isn't much
mention of Southgate. We were concerned about the other            area being
impacted. I'm concerned Southgate's going to get slammed.          What's the
plan if that happens?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. After the Colleagues' Memo, we
came to Council for direction, and we did get your direction to move forward
with an RPP Program through a stakeholder process and to work to align the
two programs. I think align was the word in the Motion. We've committed
to the Southgate neighborhood that, once we got through this even this
evening, if we can get the Council's approval to move forward, we would
send out the resident survey in Southgate and start moving forward with the

                                                                      Page 100 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/23/17
