                            TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kou: That fund actually goes to County?

Ms. Palter: It would go to the County, yes.

Council Member Kou: County decides how it's going to attribute the funding
to whichever city it is.

Ms. Palter: That's right.

Council Member Kou: Palo Alto would not possibly get it.

Ms. Palter: I think it would be similar to the affordable housing fund. If
funds are generated by the County, they could say, "We have these funds
available." Palo Alto could say, "We've got a program that we think, if we
had this funding, we could implement, and it would take these number of
trips off the road."

Council Member Kou: I see. Thank you.

Ms. McCown: What they've done with the housing funding—this is all a
proposal, so obviously it's open to further comment and discussion. Under
the housing concept, they accumulate a certain amount of the affordable
housing funds, and then they make a notice of availability to the nonprofit
community and say who would like to propose a project that might use some
of this money. If that's a model, that could be the way they handle a
transportation program.

Ms. Gitelman: If I could interject one thing that maybe Council Member Kou
is getting to. I think the fund that Stanford is proposing accrues in years
that you don't meet the goal. So many transportation programs and
projects are contingent on a steady stream of funding and being able to
predict when funding is going to come online. It's going to be a little harder
to make valuable use of those funds if it's just this is the year and all of a
sudden there's a deposit in the account. If you know what I mean.

Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I also had a couple of comments. First of all, I
wanted to thank you for the presentation. I thought the plan was very well
thought out. I thought you guys did a really good job. I think you're going
in the right direction. I think the framework is really well done. With that
said, I think my only real concerns were you talked about—Cory touched on
the 6-mile radius issue. I guess it's a broader issue. You have the fine
issue—maybe not fines. If you exceed the trips, you said you were going to
pay into a fund. My concern is that the money would go frankly far afield in
Santa Clara County as opposed to being in this region where the impacts
are. I think we need to really look at that. There's four supervisors who
                                                                       Page 36 of 102
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/27/17
