                         TRANSCRIPT
the wrong process. I don't think we should be giving the specific direction to
the CAC and Staff for how to conduct the meetings, especially tomorrow. I
just would comment that I'd encourage the Staff and the CAC Chairs to think
creatively about a process where people feel like (crosstalk).

Mayor Scharff: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. Now, if we could vote
on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Scharff: Now, we get back to the next Staff recommendation, which
is to conduct the public hearing, which we've done, on the supplement to the
Draft Environmental Impact Report and come back to Council Members for
Council Member comments on the Draft EIR and also on the draft Fiscal
Study. I'm just going to watch for lights and make any comments on those
issues. I see—Council Member Fine. I thought maybe we'd just have no
comments.

Council Member Fine: No, not no comments. You're not going to get away
with that. Just a high-level thing. I do want to thank Staff and our
consultants for all the work on this. I know EIRs are a total pain, but it is
important for us to go through it. I think they're good benchmarks. We
could all poke holes at any number of the figures in here, whether it's trip
reduction numbers, traffic models, housing, population numbers. I don't
think that's the point of EIRs. They're meant to lay out a number of
scenarios on a spectrum. I guess I want to thank Staff. They've been very
informative for me in considering these different scenarios that we have at
hand.

Mayor Scharff: I see no other lights on the comments on this. Council
Member DuBois. Did you have your light on? I didn't see your light go on; I
saw you smile. If you want to speak, go.

Council Member DuBois: I'll go. Everybody's playing chicken. First some
comments on the EIR, and then I'll go to the fiscal. I was at Barron Park
Elementary this weekend. Dr. McGee spoke. I guess there were some
recent rankings.    Barron Park Elementary has been one of our lower
elementary schools. A recent ranking actually ranked it Number 12 in the
State. Palo Alto elementary schools are ranked 1-12. Gunn High School is
ranked Number 1 in the State. Pretty impressive. We're a community that's
very proud of our schools. This body recently discussed over 3 million, close
to 4 million square feet of development. I bring this up because I'm
concerned that the EIR doesn't accurately capture those impacts to our
schools. I did see a couple of letters come in today from the School District.
I think it's something we need to be aware of. It looked like there was a
                                                                           Page 50 of 91
                                                            Regular City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 03/20/17
